 2017  

Annual Report

To Our Shareholders: 
 
Reinsurance Group of America (“RGA”) enjoyed another successful year in 2017, establishing 
records for premium, revenue, income, and earnings per share. These strong results were broad-
based,  reflecting  significant  contributions  from  all  of  our  business  segments  across  RGA’s 
diversified global platform. The year’s performance once again demonstrates the strength of our 
enterprise strategy as RGA professionals worked to deepen and build upon our core businesses, 
capitalized on emerging opportunities, and improved our operational efficiency and effectiveness. 
I am particularly proud of how this year’s accomplishments underscore the talent, passion, and 
urgency RGA employees bring every day to execute our vision of being an integral and trusted 
partner, a respected leader, and a long-term value creator.  
 
Net  income  in  2017  reached $1,822  million,  or $27.71 per  diluted  share,  versus $701  million, 
or $10.79 per diluted share in 2016. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, enacted in the U.S. 
on December 22, 2017, created a tax benefit that RGA recognized as a one-time increase in net 
income  of  approximately $1.0  billion,  or $15.72  per  diluted  share.  This  increase  provided  a 
significant boost to our balance sheet and capital position, and we expect ongoing benefits from 
a  reduced  effective  tax  rate  for  RGA  as  well  as  a  more  level  playing  field  with  our  global 
competitors. 
 
Pre-tax  income  totaled  $1,143  million,  a  9%  increase  over  2016  and  the  highest  level  ever 
achieved  by  RGA.  Net  premiums  were  $9.8  billion,  a  6%  increase  over  2016,  and  thanks  to 
significant  contributions  from  our  diversified  portfolio  of  businesses,  revenues  reached  $12.5 
billion, representing a 9% year-over-year increase.  
 
Our U.S. and Latin America traditional operations built on a strong 2016 to deliver results in line 
with expectations. Net premiums surpassed $5 billion for the second consecutive year reaching 
$5.4  billion,  with  pre-tax  income  totaling $373  million.  Notably,  the  U.S.  individual  mortality 
underwriting  team  received  its  three  millionth  facultative  case  in  2017,  an  unprecedented 
milestone and a testament to RGA’s long-standing leadership in this market.  
 
Relatively  flat  premiums  coupled  with  unfavorable  claims  experience  in  healthcare  excess 
business resulted in a challenging year for our U.S. group operations, following a favorable 2016. 
We expect this short-term volatility to level out over time. Client retention remained strong, and 

 

I 

with  expansion  into  promising  new  market  segments,  we  see  positive  long-term  growth 
opportunities. RGA is working closely with our clients to develop sustainable solutions given the 
uncertainty surrounding the U.S. healthcare landscape.  
 
RGA  celebrated  our  25th  anniversary  in  Canada  with  an  11th  straight  year  as  the  market’s 
individual life reinsurance leader, producing pre-tax income of $120 million in traditional lines of 
business. We are partnering with our clients to expand their breadth of offerings to meet market 
demand,  particularly  in  the  living  benefits  space.  We  are  also  leveraging  our  expertise  with 
regulatory regimes in other markets to develop innovative reinsurance structures and customized 
capital solutions to help our clients with upcoming regulatory changes in Canada. 
 
Our  Asia  Pacific  operations  produced  an  outstanding  year.  Pre-tax  income  in  the  region’s 
traditional business totaled $149 million, a 31% increase over 2016, driven primarily by organic 
business growth. Net premiums increased 22% over 2016 to reach $2.1 billion, marking the first 
time this segment has surpassed $2 billion in annual net premiums. We see continued growth 
opportunities in the region as demographic trends drive consumer demand for innovative product 
solutions, an area in which RGA is well-positioned to assist our clients.  
 
We also see positive developments in Australia as ownership of insurance operations shifts from 
banks to global insurers, offering greater potential for a long-term sustainable market. RGA is 
well-positioned in Australia, providing a sound platform for profitable growth.  
 
RGA’s Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”) traditional segment finished the year with pre-
tax income of $71 million compared with $30 million in 2016. Our operations in France and Italy 
celebrated  their  10th  anniversaries  as  we  continued  to  strengthen  our  position  in  Continental 
Europe. Across EMEA, RGA is leveraging our broad range of capabilities to meet the risk and 
capital  needs  of  clients  through  ongoing  product  development  and  innovative  reinsurance 
solutions.  
 
Global Financial Solutions (“GFS”) once again performed very well, generating pre-tax income of 
$555  million,  a  28%  increase  over  2016.  Notable  transactions  included  an  asset-intensive 
transaction in the U.S. that increased RGA’s invested asset base by approximately $2.3 billion 
and an asset-intensive transaction in the U.K. through which RGA is reinsuring over $1 billion in 
individual annuity business. GFS also executed a number of other transactions around the globe, 

 

II 

contributing  to  particularly  strong  performances  by  our  capital-motivated  line  in  the  U.S.  and 
growing  asset-intensive  business  in  Asia.  RGA  deployed  over  $225  million  into  in-force 
transactions in 2017 and ended the year with $1.4 billion in excess capital. The pipeline for our 
transactions business is active and we believe U.S. tax reform and the potential for higher interest 
rates could create additional global opportunities. 
 
To increase our ability to execute larger transactions, we created RGA Capital Partners (“RCP”) 
in  2017.  RCP  launched  its  first  reinsurance  vehicle,  Langhorne  Re,  in  partnership  with 
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (“RenaissanceRe”) and is targeting large in-force life and annuity 
blocks. Langhorne Re entered 2018 with $780 million of long-term capital commitments, including 
commitments from RGA, RenaissanceRe, and third-party investors. We are excited about the 
potential for Langhorne Re to bring additional competitive and flexible solutions to market. 
 
RGAx,  a  subsidiary  of  RGA  and  our  global  innovation  accelerator,  worked  with  clients  and 
partners worldwide to combine technology, new sources of data, and other advances in order to 
develop  a  new  generation  of  consumer-focused  insurance  solutions.  In  January  2018,  RGAx 
entered into an agreement to acquire LOGiQ3 Inc., a group of companies providing technology, 
consulting,  and  outsourcing  solutions  primarily  to  the  North  American  life  insurance  and 
reinsurance industry. With the addition of LOGiQ3, RGAx has significantly expanded our capacity 
and capabilities across the insurance value chain. 
 
As  we  look  to  the  future,  RGA  is  well-positioned  to  anticipate  and  capitalize  on  the  ongoing 
changes in the life and health insurance industry. We have a strong balance sheet, a diversified 
portfolio of businesses, and a global operating platform from which we continue to innovate. We 
bring a proven strategy and a long track record of successful execution. Our people, culture, and 
strong multi-level relationships with our clients give us great optimism for a bright future. 
 
Together with CEOs of many of the world’s leading companies, I had the privilege this past year 
to add my name to the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, a pledge to advance diversity and 
inclusion in the workplace. At RGA, diversity goes beyond considerations such as gender and 
ethnicity to encompass the way we think, the way we behave, and the culture we foster. We 
understand that our strength stems from our people and that the more inclusive we are of the 
diverse views and opinions held by our employees, the better the outcomes for our clients. It is 

 

III 

this understanding that has fueled our expansion into new markets, new product lines, and new 
business models and will drive our continued growth and success in the years ahead.  
 
I would like to thank RGA’s dedicated employees, clients, shareholders, and partners for making 
2017 an outstanding year. I look forward to continue working together to build a stronger company 
and a more resilient and sustainable industry for the many people who depend on our solutions. 

 

Anna Manning 
President and Chief Executive Officer  
 
 
 
 

 

 

IV 

This 2017 Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995 including, among others, statements relating to projections of the strategies, earnings, revenues, 
income or loss, ratios, future financial performance, and growth potential of RGA (which we refer to in the previous 
paragraphs as “we,” “us” or “our”). The words “intend,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “predict,” “anticipate,” “should,” 
"believe,”  and  other  similar  expressions  also  are  intended  to  identify  forward-looking  statements.  Forward-looking 
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future 
events and actual results, performance, and achievements could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated 
by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. See “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations – Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” of RGA’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K, included herein.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

V 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

(This page intentionally left blank) 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 10-K

Annual  report  pursuant  to  Section 13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange Act  of  1934  for  the  fiscal  year  ended 
December 31, 2017

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Commission file number 1-11848

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Missouri

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization)

16600 Swingley Ridge Road, Chesterfield, Missouri

(Address of principal executive offices)

 

 

 
 

43-1627032
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

63017
(Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (636) 736-7000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, par value $0.01

 
 

Name of each exchange on which registered

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

 

  No 

  No 

  No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such 
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every 
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will 
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in 
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller 
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller 
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer 
Emerging growth company  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for 
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company.  Yes 
The aggregate market value of the stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the common 
stock on June 30, 2017, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was approximately $8.3 billion.
As of January 31, 2018, 64,481,393 shares of the registrant’s common stock were outstanding.

        Smaller reporting company  

        Non-accelerated filer  

       Accelerated filer 

  No 

  No 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference certain information from the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for 
the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“the Proxy Statement”) to be held May 23, 2018, to be filed by the Registrant with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the year ended December 31, 
2017.

2

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Item

 

1
1A    
1B
2
3
4

Business
Risk Factors
Unresolved Staff Comments
Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

PART I

PART II

5

6
7
7A
8
9
9A
9B

10
11
12

13
14

15
16

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters, and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Controls and Procedures
Other Information

PART III

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Form 10-K Summary

PART IV

3

Page

4
18
33
33
33
33

34
36
37
84
84
158
158
160

160
162

162
162
162

163
163

Item 1.         BUSINESS
A.

Overview

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (“RGA”) is an insurance holding company that was formed on December 
31, 1992. The consolidated financial statements herein include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of RGA and its 
subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned (collectively, the “Company”).

The Company is a leading global provider of traditional life and health reinsurance and financial solutions with operations 
in the U.S., Latin America, Canada, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia.  Reinsurance is an arrangement under which an insurance 
company, the “reinsurer,” agrees to indemnify another insurance company, the “ceding company,” for all or a portion of the 
insurance and/or investment risks underwritten by the ceding company. Reinsurance is designed to (i) reduce the net amount at 
risk on individual risks, thereby enabling the ceding company to increase the volume of business it can underwrite, as well as 
increase the maximum risk it can underwrite on a single risk; (ii) stabilize operating results by leveling fluctuations in the ceding 
company’s loss experience; (iii) assist the ceding company in meeting applicable regulatory requirements; and (iv) enhance the 
ceding company’s financial strength and surplus position.

The Company has geographic-based and business-based operational segments: U.S. and Latin America; Canada; Europe, 
Middle East and Africa; Asia Pacific; and Corporate and Other. Geographic-based operations are further segmented into traditional 
and financial solutions businesses. The Company’s segments primarily write reinsurance business that is wholly or partially retained 
in one or more of RGA’s reinsurance subsidiaries. See “Segments” for more information concerning the Company’s operating 
segments.
Traditional Reinsurance

Traditional reinsurance includes individual and group life and health, disability, and critical illness reinsurance. Life 
reinsurance primarily refers to reinsurance of individual or group-issued term, whole life, universal life, and joint and last survivor 
insurance policies. Health and disability reinsurance primarily refers to reinsurance of individual or group health policies. Critical 
illness reinsurance provides a benefit in the event of the diagnosis of a pre-defined critical illness.

Traditional  reinsurance  is  written  on  a  facultative  or  automatic  treaty  basis.  Facultative  reinsurance  is  individually 
underwritten by the reinsurer for each policy to be reinsured, with the pricing and other terms established based upon rates negotiated 
in advance. Facultative reinsurance is normally purchased by ceding companies for medically impaired lives, unusual risks, or 
liabilities in excess of the binding limits specified in their automatic reinsurance treaties.

An automatic reinsurance treaty provides that the ceding company will cede risks to a reinsurer on specified blocks of 
policies where the underlying policies meet the ceding company’s underwriting criteria. In contrast to facultative reinsurance, the 
reinsurer does not approve each individual policy being reinsured. Automatic reinsurance treaties generally provide that the 
reinsurer will be liable for a portion of the risk associated with the specified policies written by the ceding company. Automatic 
reinsurance treaties specify the ceding company’s binding limit, which is the maximum amount of risk on a given life that can be 
ceded automatically to the reinsurer and that the reinsurer must accept. The binding limit may be stated either as a multiple of the 
ceding company’s retention or as a stated dollar amount.

Facultative and automatic reinsurance may be written as yearly renewable term, coinsurance, modified coinsurance or 
coinsurance with funds withheld. Under a yearly renewable term treaty, the reinsurer assumes primarily the mortality or morbidity 
risk. Under a coinsurance arrangement, depending upon the terms of the contract, the reinsurer may share in the risk of loss due 
to mortality or morbidity, lapses, and the investment risk, if any, inherent in the underlying policy. Modified coinsurance and 
coinsurance with funds withheld differ from coinsurance in that the assets supporting the reserves are retained by the ceding 
company.

Generally, the amount of life and health reinsurance ceded is stated on an excess or a quota share basis. Reinsurance on 
an excess basis covers amounts in excess of an agreed-upon retention limit. Retention limits vary by ceding company and also 
may vary by the age or underwriting classification of the insured, the product, and other factors. Under quota share reinsurance, 
the ceding company states its retention in terms of a fixed percentage of the risk with the remainder to be ceded to one or more 
reinsurers up to the maximum binding limit.

Reinsurance agreements, whether facultative or automatic, may include recapture rights, which permit the ceding company 
to reassume all or a portion of the risk formerly ceded to the reinsurer after an agreed-upon period of time (generally 10 years) or 
in some cases due to changes in the financial condition or ratings of the reinsurer. Recapture of business previously ceded does 
not affect premiums ceded prior to the recapture of such business, but would reduce premiums in subsequent periods. The potential 
adverse effects of recapture rights are mitigated by the following factors: (i) recapture rights vary by treaty and the risk of recapture 
is a factor that is considered when pricing a reinsurance agreement; (ii) ceding companies generally may exercise their recapture 
rights only to the extent they have increased their retention limits for the reinsured policies; and (iii) ceding companies generally 
must recapture all of the policies eligible for recapture under the agreement in a particular year if any are recaptured (which prevents 

4

a ceding company from recapturing only the most profitable policies). In addition, when a ceding company recaptures reinsured 
policies, the reinsurer releases the reserves it maintained to support the recaptured portion of the policies.
Financial Solutions

Financial solutions include longevity reinsurance, asset-intensive reinsurance, and financial reinsurance.  

Longevity Reinsurance 

In many countries, companies are increasingly interested in reducing their exposure to longevity risk related to employee 
retirement benefits. This concern comes from both the absolute size of the risk and also through the volatility that changes in life 
expectancy can have on their reported earnings. In addition, insurance companies that offer lifetime annuities are seeking ways 
to manage their current exposure, while also recognizing the potential to take on more risk from employers and individuals. 

The Company has entered into transactions on existing longevity business for clients in Europe and Canada. These have 
been arrangements with traditional insurance companies, as well as customized arrangements for banks dealing with pension 
schemes.
Asset-Intensive Reinsurance

Asset-intensive reinsurance refers to the full-risk coinsurance of annuities or reinsurance that has a significant investment 
component.  Asset-intensive reinsurance allows the Company’s clients to take advantage of growth opportunities that might 
otherwise not be available due to restrictions on available capital or concerns about the size of the investment risk on their balance 
sheets.

An ongoing partnership with clients is important with asset-intensive reinsurance because of the active management 
involved in this type of reinsurance. This active management includes investment decisions, investment and claims management, 
and the determination of non-guaranteed elements. Some examples of asset-intensive reinsurance are: fixed deferred annuities, 
indexed annuities, unit-linked variable annuities, universal life corporate-owned life insurance and bank-owned life insurance, 
unit-linked variable life, immediate/payout annuities, whole life, disabled life reserves, and extended term insurance.
Financial Reinsurance 

Financial reinsurance primarily involves assisting ceding companies in meeting applicable regulatory requirements by 
enhancing the ceding companies’ financial strength and regulatory surplus position. Financial reinsurance transactions do not 
qualify as reinsurance under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), due to the low-risk nature of the transactions. 
These transactions are reported in accordance with deposit accounting guidelines.

B.

Corporate Structure

As a holding company, RGA is separate and distinct from its subsidiaries and has no significant business operations of 
its own. Therefore, it relies on the dividends from its insurance companies and other subsidiaries as the principal source of cash 
flow to meet its obligations, pay dividends and repurchase common stock. Information regarding the cash flow and liquidity needs 
of RGA may be found in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
- Liquidity and Capital Resources.  

5

Regulation

The following table provides the jurisdiction of the regulatory authority for RGA’s primary operating and captive 

subsidiaries:

Subsidiary

Regulatory Authority Jurisdiction

RGA Reinsurance Company (“RGA Reinsurance”)
Parkway Reinsurance Company (“Parkway Re”)
Rockwood Reinsurance Company (“Rockwood Re”)
Castlewood Reinsurance Company (“Castlewood Re”)
Chesterfield Reinsurance Company (“Chesterfield Re”)
Reinsurance Company of Missouri, Incorporated (“RCM”)
Timberlake Reinsurance Company II (“Timberlake Re”)
RGA Life Reinsurance Company of Canada (“RGA Canada”)
RGA Reinsurance Company (Barbados) Ltd. (“RGA Barbados”)
RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (“RGA Americas”)
Manor Reinsurance, Ltd. (“Manor Re”)
RGA Atlantic Reinsurance Company Ltd. (“RGA Atlantic”)
RGA Worldwide Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (“RGA Worldwide”)
RGA Global Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (“RGA Global”)
RGA Reinsurance Company of Australia Limited (“RGA Australia”)
RGA International Reinsurance Company dac (“RGA International”)
RGA Reinsurance Company of South Africa, Limited (“RGA South Africa”)
Aurora National Life Assurance Company (“Aurora National”)

Missouri
Missouri
Missouri
Missouri
Missouri
Missouri
South Carolina
Canada
Barbados
Bermuda
Barbados
Barbados
Barbados
Bermuda
Australia
Ireland
South Africa
California

Certain of the Company’s subsidiaries are subject to regulations in the other jurisdictions in which they are licensed 
or authorized to do business. Insurance laws and regulations, among other things, establish minimum capital requirements and 
limit the amount of dividends, distributions, and intercompany payments that affiliates can make without regulatory approval. 
Additionally, insurance laws and regulations impose restrictions on the amounts and types of investments that insurance companies 
may hold. New standards imposed upon European insurers by Solvency II, revisions to the insurance laws of Bermuda similar to 
Solvency II, changes to regulations in Canada and revisions to the insurance holding company laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions 
could, in the near future, affect certain subsidiaries, and the clients of each, to varying degrees.
U.S. Regulation
Insurance Regulation

The insurance laws and regulations, as well as the level of supervisory authority that may be exercised by the various 
state insurance departments, vary by jurisdiction.  These laws and regulations generally grant broad powers to supervisory agencies 
or regulators to examine and supervise insurance companies and insurance holding companies with respect to every significant 
aspect of the conduct of the insurance business.  This includes the power to pre-approve the execution or modification of contractual 
arrangements. These laws and regulations generally require insurance companies to meet certain solvency standards and asset 
tests,  to  maintain  minimum  standards  of  financial  strength  and  to  file  certain  reports  with  regulatory  authorities  (including 
information concerning their capital structure, ownership and financial condition).  These laws and regulations subject insurers 
to potential assessments for amounts paid by guarantee funds. RGA Reinsurance, Chesterfield Re and RCM are subject to the 
state of Missouri’s adoption of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) Model Audit Rule which requires 
an insurer to have an annual audit by an independent certified public accountant, provide an annual management report of internal 
control over financial reporting, file the resulting reports with the Director of Insurance and maintain an audit committee. Aurora 
National is subject to similar regulation by the State of California.  Moreover, Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory 
Acts in the U.S. permit the Missouri regulator to request and consider, in its regulation of the solvency of and capital standards 
for RGA Reinsurance, Chesterfield Re and RCM and the California regulator to request and consider, in its regulation of the 
solvency of and capital standards for Aurora National, information about the operations of other subsidiaries of RGA and the 
extent to which there may be deemed to exist contagion risk posed by those operations. In addition, RGA is subject to a supervisory 
college which involves regular meetings of the insurance regulators of the reinsurance entities of RGA. These regular meetings 
bring about additional questions and perhaps even limitations on some of the activities of the reinsurance company subsidiaries 
of RGA.

RGA’s reinsurance subsidiaries are required to file statutory financial statements in each jurisdiction in which they are 
licensed and may be subject to onsite, periodic examinations by the insurance regulators of the jurisdictions in which each is 
licensed, authorized, or accredited. To date, none of the regulators’ reports related to the Company’s periodic examinations have 
contained material adverse findings.

6

Although  some  of  the  rates  and  policy  terms  of  U.S.  direct  insurance  agreements  are  regulated  by  state  insurance 
departments, the rates, policy terms, and conditions of reinsurance agreements generally are not subject to regulation by any 
regulatory authority. The same is true outside of the U.S. In the U.S., however, the NAIC Model Law on Credit for Reinsurance, 
which has been adopted in most states, imposes certain requirements for an insurer to take reserve credit for risk ceded to a reinsurer. 
Generally, the reinsurer is required to be licensed or accredited in the insurer’s state of domicile, or post security for reserves 
transferred to the reinsurer in the form of letters of credit or assets placed in trust. The NAIC Life and Health Reinsurance 
Agreements Model Regulation, which has been passed in most states, imposes additional requirements for insurers to claim reserve 
credit for reinsurance ceded (excluding yearly renewable term reinsurance and non-proportional reinsurance). These requirements 
include bona fide risk transfer, an insolvency clause, written agreements, and filing of reinsurance agreements involving in force 
business, among other things. Outside of the U.S., rules for reinsurance and requirements for minimum risk transfer are less specific 
and are less likely to be published as rules, but nevertheless standards can be imposed to varying extents.

U.S. Valuation of Life Policies Model Regulation (commonly referred to as Regulation XXX), implemented in the U.S. 
for various types of life insurance business, significantly increased the level of reserves that U.S. life insurance and life reinsurance 
companies must hold on their statutory financial statements for various types of life insurance business, primarily certain level 
premium term life products. The reserve levels required under Regulation XXX are normally in excess of reserves required under 
GAAP. In situations where primary insurers have reinsured business to reinsurers that are unlicensed and unaccredited in the U.S., 
the reinsurer must provide collateral equal to its reinsurance reserves in order for the ceding company to receive statutory financial 
statement credit. Reinsurers have historically utilized letters of credit for the benefit of the ceding company, or have placed assets 
in trust for the benefit of the ceding company, or have used other structures as the primary forms of collateral.

RGA Reinsurance is the primary subsidiary of the Company subject to Regulation XXX. In order to manage the effect 
of Regulation XXX on its statutory financial statements, RGA Reinsurance has retroceded a majority of Regulation XXX reserves 
to unaffiliated and affiliated unlicensed reinsurers and special purpose reinsurers, or captives. RGA Reinsurance’s statutory capital 
may be significantly reduced if the unaffiliated or affiliated reinsurer is unable to provide the required collateral to support RGA 
Reinsurance’s statutory reserve credits and RGA Reinsurance cannot find an alternative source for the collateral. New NAIC 
requirements for life insurers using special purpose reinsures are now in place.  While RGA Reinsurance’s current reserve financing 
arrangements  using  special  purpose  reinsurers  or  “captive  reinsurers”  are  permitted  to  remain  in  place,  the  new  rules  place 
limitations on RGA Reinsurance’s ability to utilize captive reinsurers to finance reserve growth related to future business.  Such 
limitations have caused the Company to utilize alternative retrocession strategies, primarily involving the use of a certified reinsurer 
as discussed below.

RGA Reinsurance, Chesterfield Re, Parkway Re, Rockwood Re, Castlewood Re and RCM prepare statutory financial 
statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the State of Missouri. Timberlake Re prepares 
statutory financial statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the State of South Carolina.  
Aurora National prepares its statutory financial statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the 
State of California.  Each of these states require domestic insurance companies to prepare their statutory financial statements in 
accordance with the NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures manual subject to any deviations permitted by each state’s 
insurance commissioner. The Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to the regulations and reporting requirements of their 
respective countries of domicile. 

Based on the growth of the Company’s business and the pattern of reserve levels under Regulation XXX associated with 
term life business and other statutory reserve requirements, the amount of ceded reserve credits is expected to grow, albeit at slower 
rates than in the immediate past. This growth will require the Company to obtain additional letters of credit, put additional assets 
in trust, or utilize other funding mechanisms to support reserve credits. If the Company is unable to support the reserve credits, 
the regulatory capital levels of several of its subsidiaries may be significantly reduced, while the regulatory capital requirements 
for these subsidiaries would not change. The reduction in regulatory capital could affect the Company’s ability to write new 
business and retain existing business.

Affiliated  captives  are  commonly  used  in  the  insurance  industry  to  help  manage  statutory  reserve  and  collateral 
requirements and are often domiciled in the same state as the insurance company that sponsors the captive.  The NAIC has analyzed 
the insurance industry’s use of affiliated captive reinsurers to satisfy certain reserve requirements and has adopted measures to 
promote uniformity in both the approval and supervision of such reinsurers. New standards to address the use of captive reinsurers 
were implemented, allowing current captives to continue in accordance with their currently approved plans.  State insurance 
regulators that regulate the Company’s domestic insurance companies have placed additional restrictions on the use of newly 
established captive reinsurers which may increase costs and add complexity.  As a result, the Company may need to alter the type 
and volume of business it reinsures, increase prices on those products, raise additional capital to support higher regulatory reserves 
or implement higher cost strategies.

In the U.S., the introduction of the certified reinsurer has provided an alternative way to manage collateral requirements. 
In 2014, RGA Americas was designated as a certified reinsurer by the Missouri Department of Insurance, Financial Institutions 
and Professional Registration (“MDOI”). This designation allows the Company to retrocede business to RGA Americas in lieu of 

7

using captives for collateral requirements.  Effective in 2017, principles-based reserves are permitted in the U.S.  During 2016, 
the NAIC amended the standard valuation law to adopt life principles-based reserving that was effective January 1, 2017, allowing 
a three-year adoption period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new requirements and expects to defer 
implementation until 2019.  The Company has chosen not to establish captives subject to the new regulations as it evaluates the 
impact of the regulations on new captives, and how these new captives fit into the Company’s overall risk management and 
financing programs.

Reinsurers may place assets in trust to satisfy collateral requirements for certain treaties. In addition, the Company holds 
securities in trust to satisfy collateral requirements under certain third-party reinsurance treaties. Under certain conditions, the 
Company may be obligated to move reinsurance from one subsidiary of RGA to another subsidiary or make payments under a 
given treaty. These conditions include change in control or ratings of the subsidiary, insolvency, nonperformance under a treaty, 
or loss of the subsidiary’s reinsurance license. If the Company is ever required to perform under these obligations, the risk to the 
consolidated company under the reinsurance treaties would not change; however, additional capital may be required due to the 
change in jurisdiction of the subsidiary reinsuring the business and may create a strain on liquidity, possibly causing a reduction 
in dividend payments or hampering the Company’s ability to write new business or retain existing business.
Capital Requirements

Risk-Based Capital (“RBC”) guidelines promulgated by the NAIC are applicable to RGA Reinsurance, RCM, Aurora 
National  and  Chesterfield  Re,  and  identify  minimum  capital  requirements  based  upon  business  levels  and  asset  mix. These 
subsidiaries maintain capital levels in excess of the amounts required by the applicable guidelines. Timberlake Re, Parkway Re, 
Rockwood Re and Castlewood Re’s capital requirements are determined solely by their licensing orders issued by their states of 
domicile. Pursuant to its licensing order issued by the South Carolina Department of Insurance, Timberlake Re only calculates 
RBC as a means of demonstrating its ability to pay principal and interest on its surplus note issued to Timberlake Financial, L.L.C. 
(“Timberlake Financial”). It is not otherwise subject to the RBC guidelines. Similarly, Parkway Re, Rockwood Re and Castlewood 
Re are not subject to the requirements of the NAIC’s RBC guidelines. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 the U.S. 
federal statutory tax rate will decline from 35% to 21% starting in 2018.  Under the current RBC formula and guidelines the 
lowering of the federal statutory tax rate alone would cause a decline in the RBC of U.S. insurers and reinsurers assuming other 
inputs remain constant.  The extent of such a decline is not yet known nor is it known whether, or the extent to which, the NAIC 
will adjust its RBC formula and guidelines to compensate for the use of a lower federal statutory tax rate in the U.S.  A decline in 
the RBC of one or more of the Company’s U.S. insurers can cause the appearance of less capitalization in its U.S. insurers, 
individually, or when considered as a group.  

The development of a group capital calculation by the NAIC will also have relevance to RGA Reinsurance, RCM, Aurora 
National and Chesterfield Re along with captive reinsurers Timberlake Re, Parkway Re, Rockwood Re and Castlewood Re.   While 
the NAIC is still working on its calculation and has not yet articulated the ways in which it intends U.S. states to use the calculation, 
the calculation is expected to be used to assess the adequacy of capital within an insurance group domiciled in the U.S., particularly 
where the group is designated an IAIG by the group supervisor.  The Company cannot currently predict the effect that any proposed 
or future group capital standard will have on its financial condition or operations or the financial condition or operations of its 
subsidiaries.

Regulations in international jurisdictions also require certain minimum capital levels, and subject the companies operating 
in such jurisdictions, to oversight by the applicable regulatory bodies. RGA’s subsidiaries meet the minimum capital requirements 
in their respective jurisdictions. The Company cannot predict the effect that any proposed or future legislation or rulemaking in 
the countries in which it operates may have on the financial condition or operations of the Company or its subsidiaries.
Insurance Holding Company Regulations

RGA Reinsurance, Chesterfield Re, Parkway Re, Rockwood Re, Castlewood Re and RCM are subject to regulation under 
the insurance and insurance holding company statutes of Missouri. Aurora National is subject to regulation under the insurance 
and insurance holding company statutes of California.  These insurance holding company laws and regulations generally require 
insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries of insurance holding companies to register and file with the home state regulator certain 
reports describing, among other information, capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions, 
and general business operations. The insurance holding company statutes and regulations also require prior approval of, or in 
certain circumstances, prior notice to the home state regulator of, certain material intercompany transfers of assets, as well as 
certain transactions between insurance companies, their parent companies and affiliates.

Under current Missouri and California insurance laws and regulations, unless (i) certain filings are made with the home 
state regulator, (ii) certain requirements are met, including a public hearing, and (iii) approval or exemption is granted by the home 
state regulator, no person may acquire any voting security or security convertible into a voting security of an insurance holding 
company, such as RGA, which controls a domestic insurance company, or merge with such an insurance holding company, if as 
a result of such transaction such person would “control” the insurance holding company. “Control” is presumed to exist under 
Missouri law if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another person. Revisions 

8

to the insurance holding company regulations of Missouri and California require increased disclosure to regulators of matters 
within the RGA group of companies.
Restrictions on Dividends and Distributions

Current Missouri law, applicable to RCM and its subsidiaries, RGA Reinsurance and Chesterfield Re, permits the payment 
of dividends or distributions which, together with dividends or distributions paid during the preceding twelve months, do not 
exceed the greater of (i) 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the preceding December 31, or (ii) statutory net gain from 
operations for the preceding calendar year. Any proposed dividend in excess of this amount is considered an “extraordinary 
dividend” and may not be paid until it has been approved, or a 30-day waiting period has passed during which it has not been 
disapproved, by the Director of the MDOI. Additionally, dividends may be paid only to the extent the insurer has unassigned 
surplus (as opposed to contributed surplus).  Historically, RGA has not relied upon dividends from its subsidiaries to fund its 
obligations.  However,  the  regulatory  limitations  and  other  restrictions  described  herein  could  limit  the  Company’s  financial 
flexibility in the future should it choose to or need to use subsidiary dividends as a funding source for its obligations.  See Note 
11 - “Financial Condition and Net Income on a Statutory Basis - Significant Subsidiaries” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information on the Company’s dividend restrictions.

The California Insurance Holding Company Act defines an extraordinary dividend consistent with the definition found 
in the Missouri Insurance Holding Company Act and imposes an identical restriction upon the ability of Aurora National to pay 
dividends to RGA Reinsurance.  In contrast to both the Missouri and the California Insurance Holding Company Acts, the NAIC 
Model Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act defines an extraordinary dividend as a dividend or distribution which, 
together with dividends or distributions paid during the preceding twelve months, exceeds the lesser of (i) 10% of statutory capital 
and surplus as of the preceding December 31, or (ii) statutory net gain from operations for the preceding calendar year. The 
Company is unable to predict whether, when, or if, Missouri will enact a new regulation for extraordinary dividends.

Missouri insurance laws and regulations also require that the statutory surplus of Chesterfield Re, RCM and RGA 
Reinsurance following any dividend or distribution be reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and adequate to meet 
their financial needs. The Director of the MDOI may call for a rescission of the payment of a dividend or distribution by these 
entities that would cause their statutory surplus to be inadequate under the standards of the Missouri insurance regulations.  
California insurance laws and regulations impose the same restrictions on Aurora National as to the dividends or distributions that 
are made.

Pursuant to the South Carolina Director of Insurance, Timberlake Re may declare dividends subject to a minimum Total 
Adjusted Capital threshold, as defined by the NAIC’s RBC regulation. As of December 31, 2017, Timberlake Re met the minimum 
required threshold.  Any dividends paid by Timberlake Re would be paid to Timberlake Financial, which in turn is subject to 
contractual limitations on the amount of dividends it can pay to RCM.

Dividend payments from non-U.S. operations are subject to similar restrictions established by local regulators. The non-
U.S. regulatory regimes also commonly limit the dividend payments to the parent to a portion of the prior year’s statutory income, 
as determined by the local accounting principles. The regulators of the Company’s non-U.S. operations may also limit or prohibit 
profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the U.S. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial 
strength of the non-U.S. operations, or for other reasons. Most of the non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries 
which  are  owned  by  various  non-U.S.  holding  companies. The  capital  and  rating  considerations  applicable  to  the  first  tier 
subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow to RGA.
Default or Liquidation

In the event that RGA defaults on any of its debt or other obligations, or becomes the subject of bankruptcy, liquidation, 
or reorganization proceedings, the creditors and stockholders of RGA will have no right to proceed against the assets of any of 
the subsidiaries of RGA. If any of RGA’s reinsurance subsidiaries were to be liquidated or dissolved, the liquidation or dissolution 
would be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the appropriate governing body in the state or country of the 
subsidiary’s domicile. The creditors of any such reinsurance company, including, without limitation, holders of its reinsurance 
agreements and state guaranty associations (if applicable), would be entitled to payment in full from such assets before RGA, as 
a direct or indirect stockholder, would be entitled to receive any distributions or other payments from the remaining assets of the 
liquidated or dissolved subsidiary.
Federal Regulation
 
Since the 2010 enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, there has been renewed 
interest in the U.S. federal government becoming a regulator of insurance and reinsurance.  Under the Dodd-Frank Act, recent 
activity  by  the  Federal  Insurance  Office  within  the  U.S. Treasury  Department  has  resulted  in  the  negotiation  of  a  “covered 
agreement” with the European Union.  The covered agreement, while promoting the recognition of U.S. state insurance regulators 
as group supervisors of U.S.-based global reinsurers such as RGA, also provides for an elimination of the collateral that reinsurers 
based in the European Union must currently post in favor of U.S. ceding insurers.  This agreement, coupled with new state credit 

9

for reinsurance laws, has the potential to lower the cost at which RGA Reinsurance’s competitors are able to provide reinsurance 
to U.S. insurers.  Additionally under the Dodd-Frank Act, a few of RGA’s client ceding insurers domiciled in the U.S. have been 
designated for solvency supervision by the Federal Reserve.  These entities have been designated systemically important so as to 
warrant the imposition of an additional layer of regulation over already existing state regulation.  While it is not expected that any 
RGA entity would be deemed to be systemically important and become subject to this additional scrutiny, the reinsurance programs 
RGA maintains with the insurers so designated as systemically important are subject to scrutiny by the Federal Reserve.  It is 
possible that more of RGA’s clients will be given this designation leading to additional scrutiny of those clients’ reinsurance 
programs by the Federal Reserve.  With the regulation of some U.S. domiciled insurers by the U.S. government, it is possible that 
the scope of the federal government’s ability to regulate insurers and reinsurers will be expanded.  It is not possible to predict the 
effect of such decisions or changes in law on the operation of the Company, but the Dodd-Frank Act makes it more likely than in 
the past that insurance or reinsurance may be regulated at the federal level.  A shift in regulation from the state to the federal level 
may bring into question the continued validity of the McCarran-Ferguson Act, which exempts the “business of insurance” from 
most federal laws, including anti-trust laws.  With the McCarran-Ferguson Act exemption for the business of insurance, a reinsurer 
may set rate, underwriting and claims handling standards for its ceding company clients to follow. 
Environmental Considerations

Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations apply to the Company’s ownership and operation of real 
property. Inherent in owning and operating real property are the risks of hidden environmental liabilities and the costs of any 
required clean-up. Under the laws of certain states, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure 
recovery of the costs of clean-up. In several states, this lien has priority over the lien of an existing mortgage against such property. 
In addition, in some states and under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 
1980 (“CERCLA”), the Company may be liable, in certain circumstances, as an “owner” or “operator,” for costs of cleaning-up 
releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances at a property mortgaged to it. The Company also risks environmental 
liability when it forecloses on a property mortgaged to it, although federal legislation provides for a safe harbor from CERCLA 
liability for secured lenders that foreclose and sell the mortgaged real estate, provided that certain requirements are met. However, 
there are circumstances in which actions taken could still expose the Company to CERCLA liability. Application of various other 
federal and state environmental laws could also result in the imposition of liability on the Company for costs associated with 
environmental hazards.

The Company routinely conducts environmental assessments prior to taking title to real estate through foreclosure on 
real estate collateralizing mortgages that it holds. Although unexpected environmental liabilities can always arise, the Company 
seeks to minimize this risk by undertaking these environmental assessments and complying with its internal procedures, and as a 
result, the Company believes that any costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or any clean-up 
of properties would not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.
International Regulation

RGA’s international insurance operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions 
in  which  they  are  located  or  operate  branch  offices.    The  regulation  includes  minimum  capital,  solvency  and  governance 
requirements.  The authority of RGA’s international operations to conduct business is subject to licensing requirements, inspections 
and approvals and these authorizations are subject to modification and revocation.  Periodic examinations of the insurance company 
books  and  records,  financial  reporting  requirements,  risk  management  processes  and  governance  procedures  are  among  the 
techniques used by regulators to supervise RGA’s non-U.S. insurance businesses.  The regulators of RGA’s non-U.S. insurance 
companies and the California Department of Insurance are also invited to be part of the supervisory college held by the Missouri 
Department of Insurance, RGA’s group supervisor.

Much like the adoption of Dodd-Frank in the U.S., regulators around the world are reviewing the causes of the 2008 - 
2009 financial crisis and considering ways to avoid similar problems in the future.  A group leading this effort is the Financial 
Stability Board (“FSB”).  The FSB consists of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 nations.  The G20 and 
the FSB and related governmental bodies have developed proposals to address issues such as group supervision, capital and 
solvency standards, systemic economic risk and corporate governance, including executive compensation and many other related 
issues associated with the financial crisis.  At the direction of the FSB, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors 
(“IAIS”)  is  developing  a  model  framework  for  the  supervision  of  internationally  active  insurance  groups  (“IAIG’s”)  that 
contemplates “group-wide supervision” across national boundaries.  RGA anticipates that it may, in future years, be designated 
an IAIG bringing about requirements for RGA to conduct a group-wide risk and solvency assessment to monitor and manage its 
overall solvency.  At this time RGA cannot predict what additional capital requirements, compliance costs or other burdens these 
requirements would impose on it, if adopted. There is also the potential for inconsistent or conflicting regulation of the RGA group 
of companies as lawmakers and regulators in multiple jurisdictions simultaneously pursue these initiatives.

Additionally, RGA International, operating in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), is subject to the Solvency II 
measures developed by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and will be required to abide by the evolving 
risk  management  practices,  capital  standards  and  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Solvency  II  framework.   Additionally,  the 

10

Company’s clients located in the EEA will need to abide by these standards in operating their insurance businesses, including the 
management of their ceded reinsurance.   Currently, insurers and reinsurers located in the EEA are operating under Solvency II.  
The Company expects Solvency II to have a significant influence on not only the regulation of solvency measures applied to 
insurers and reinsurers operating within the EEA, but the Company also expects the solvency regulation measures to influence 
future regulatory structures of countries outside of the EEA, including Japan.   Influences of the Solvency II - type framework are 
already present in the insurance regulation of Bermuda and China and currently influence the solvency measures imposed upon 
RGA Global and RGA Americas.

As a result of the 2016 Brexit referendum, under which the United Kingdom (“UK”) will exit the European Union, the 
regulatory approval of RGA International as a reinsurer of insurance business written by UK domiciled insurers is expected to 
terminate in or around March of 2019. While it currently appears that post Brexit insurance regulation in the UK will permit the 
separate registration of RGA International as a branch in the UK, there exists questions as to what requirements will be imposed 
upon reinsurers domiciled outside of the UK after implementation of the Brexit initiative.   

New and proposed restrictions in many European and Asian countries on RGA’s ability to transfer data from one country 
to another also threaten to make its operations less efficient.  Many of these restrictions either do not anticipate the processing of 
data for reinsurance purposes at all or place costly restrictions on the ability of a reinsurer to service its business by requiring 
processing to be done within the borders of the country in which the insured consumer resides.

Additionally, requirements effective in Indonesia and India limit the amount of insurance business that can be ceded to 
reinsurers not domiciled in those countries.  These forced localization requirements have the impact of limiting the amount of 
reinsurance business RGA can conduct in those countries without the participation of a local reinsurer.

RGA expects the scope and extent of regulation outside of the U.S., as well as group regulatory oversight generally, to 

continue to increase.
Ratings

Insurer financial strength ratings, sometimes referred to as claims paying ratings, represent the opinions of rating 
agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy. The Company’s 
insurer financial strength ratings as of the date of this filing are listed in the table below for each rating agency that meets with 
the Company’s management on a regular basis.  As of the date of this filing, all ratings listed below are on stable outlook.

Insurer Financial Strength Ratings

RGA Reinsurance Company
RGA Life Reinsurance Company of Canada
RGA International Reinsurance Company dac
RGA Global Reinsurance Company, Ltd.
RGA Reinsurance Company of Australia Limited
RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd.
RGA Atlantic Reinsurance Company Ltd.

A.M. Best

    Company (1)    

Moody’s
Investors
    Service (2)    

Standard &    
Poor’s (3)

A+
A+

Not Rated
Not Rated
Not Rated

A+
A+

A1

Not Rated
Not Rated
Not Rated
Not Rated
Not Rated
Not Rated

AA-
AA-
AA-
AA-
AA-
AA-

Not Rated

(1)  An A.M. Best Company (“A.M. Best”) insurer financial strength rating of “A+” (superior) is the second highest out of sixteen possible ratings and is assigned 

to companies that have, in A.M. Best’s opinion, a superior ability to meet their ongoing insurance obligations.

(2)  A Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) insurer financial strength rating of “A1” (good) is the fifth highest rating out of twenty-one possible ratings and 
indicates that Moody’s believes the insurance company offers good financial security; however, elements may be present which suggest a susceptibility to 
impairment sometime in the future.

(3)  A Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) insurer financial strength rating of “AA-” (very strong) is the fourth highest rating out of twenty-three possible ratings. 

According to S&P’s rating scale, a rating of “AA-” means that, in S&P’s opinion, the insurer has very strong financial security characteristics.

The ability to write reinsurance partially depends on a reinsurer’s financial condition and its financial strength ratings. 
These ratings are based on a company’s ability to pay policyholder obligations and are not directed toward the protection of 
investors. A ratings downgrade could adversely affect the Company’s ability to compete. See Item 1A – “Risk Factors” for more 
on the potential effects of a ratings downgrade.
Underwriting

Automatic. The Company’s management determines whether to write automatic reinsurance business by considering 
many factors, including the types of risks to be covered; the ceding company’s retention limit and binding authority, product, and 
pricing assumptions; and the ceding company’s underwriting standards, financial strength and distribution systems. For automatic 
business, the Company ensures that the underwriting standards, procedures and guidelines of its ceding companies are priced 
appropriately and consistent with the Company’s expectations. To this end, the Company conducts periodic reviews of the ceding 
companies’ underwriting and claims personnel and procedures.

11

Facultative. The Company has developed underwriting policies, procedures and standards with the objective of controlling 
the quality of business written as well as its pricing. The Company’s underwriting process emphasizes close collaboration between 
its  underwriting,  actuarial,  and  administration  departments.  Management  periodically  updates  these  underwriting  policies, 
procedures, and standards to account for changing industry conditions, market developments, and changes occurring in the field 
of medical technology. These policies, procedures, and standards are documented in electronic underwriting manuals made available 
to all the Company’s underwriters. The Company regularly performs internal reviews of both its underwriters and underwriting 
process.

The Company’s management determines whether to accept facultative reinsurance business on a prospective insured by 
reviewing the application, medical information and other underwriting information appropriate to the age of the prospective insured 
and the face amount of the application. An assessment of medical and financial history follows with decisions based on underwriting 
knowledge, manual review and consultation with the Company’s medical directors as necessary. Many facultative applications 
involve individuals with multiple medical impairments, such as heart disease, high blood pressure, and diabetes, which require a 
complex  underwriting/mortality  assessment.  The  Company  employs  medical  directors  and  medical  consultants  to  assist  its 
underwriters in making these assessments.
Pricing

Automatic and Facultative. The Company has pricing actuaries dedicated in every geographic market and in every product 
category who develop reinsurance treaty rates following the Company’s policies, procedures and standards. Biometric assumptions 
are based primarily on the Company’s own mortality, morbidity and persistency experience, reflecting industry and client-specific 
experience.  Economic  and  asset-related  pricing  assumptions  are  based  on  current  and  long-term  market  conditions  and  are 
developed by actuarial and investment personnel with appropriate experience and expertise. Management has established a high-
level oversight of the processes and results of these activities, which includes peer reviews in every market as well as centralized 
procedures and processes for reviewing and auditing pricing activities.
Operations

The  Company’s  business  has  been  primarily  obtained  directly,  rather  than  through  brokers.  The  Company  has  an 

experienced sales and marketing staff that works to provide responsive service and maintain existing relationships.

The  Company’s  administration,  auditing,  valuation  and  finance  departments  are  responsible  for  treaty  compliance 
auditing,  financial  analysis  of  results,  generation  of  internal  management  reports,  and  periodic  audits  of  administrative  and 
underwriting practices. A significant effort is focused on periodic audits of administrative and underwriting practices, and treaty 
compliance of clients.

The Company’s claims departments review and verify reinsurance claims, obtain the information necessary to evaluate 
claims, and arrange for timely claims payments. Claims are subjected to a detailed review process to ensure that the risk was 
properly ceded, the claim complies with the contract provisions, and the ceding company is current in the payment of reinsurance 
premiums to the Company. In addition, the claims departments monitor both specific claims and the overall claims handling 
procedures of ceding companies.
Customer Base

The Company provides reinsurance products primarily to the largest life insurance companies in the world. In 2017, the 
Company’s five largest clients generated approximately $2.0 billion or 18.4% of the Company’s gross premiums. In addition, 24 
other clients each generated annual gross premiums of $100.0 million or more, and the aggregate gross premiums from these 
clients represented approximately 39.9% of the Company’s gross premiums. No individual client generated 10% or more of the 
Company’s total gross premiums. For the purpose of this disclosure, companies that are within the same insurance holding company 
structure are combined.
Competition

New reinsurance opportunities continue to be highly price competitive; however, winning this business also requires 
companies to be financially strong, provide flexible terms and conditions, have a positive reputation, deliver excellent service, 
and  demonstrate  experience  in  the  types  of  business  underwritten.  The  Company’s  competition  includes  other  reinsurance 
companies, other providers of financial services, and more recently, private equity firms. The Company believes that its primary 
global reinsurance competitors are the following, or their affiliates: Munich Re, Swiss Re, Hannover Re and SCOR Global Re. 
In addition, the Company may compete with Pacific Life, Prudential Financial, and Canada Life in select risk acquisition.  Within 
the reinsurance industry, the competitors can change from year to year and by region.
Employees

As of December 31, 2017, the Company had 2,640 employees located throughout the world. None of these employees 

are represented by a labor union.
 

12

C.

Segments

The Company obtains substantially all of its revenues through reinsurance agreements that cover a portfolio of life and 
health insurance products, including term life, credit life, universal life, whole life, group life and health, joint and last survivor 
insurance, critical illness, disability, longevity as well as asset-intensive (e.g., annuities) and financial reinsurance. Generally, the 
Company, through various subsidiaries, has provided reinsurance for mortality, morbidity, and lapse risks associated with such 
products. With respect to asset-intensive products, the Company has also provided reinsurance for investment-related risks. 
 
both a gross assumed basis and net of premiums ceded to third parties:

The following table sets forth the Company’s premiums attributable to each of its segments for the periods indicated on 

Gross and Net Premiums by Segment

(in millions)

 
 
 

2017

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

Gross

Net

Gross

Net

Gross

Net

U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total U.S. and Latin America

Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Canada

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Europe, Middle East and Africa

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Asia Pacific

Corporate and Other

Total

 

$

$

5,966.7
23.7
5,990.4

$

5,356.3
23.7
5,380.0

$

5,865.6
64.6
5,930.2

$

5,249.6
24.4
5,274.0

$

5,413.7
61.0
5,474.7

4,806.7
22.2
4,828.9

940.1
38.2
978.3

1,336.6
288.7
1,625.3

2,107.5
2.4
2,109.9

0.1
10,704.0

$

$

902.0
38.2
940.2

1,301.7
163.7
1,465.4

2,053.0
2.4
2,055.4

0.1
9,841.1

965.1
38.7
1,003.8

1,171.0
264.7
1,435.7

1,731.8
5.4
1,737.2

0.3
10,107.2

$

$

928.6
38.7
967.3

1,140.1
180.3
1,320.4

1,681.5
5.4
1,686.9

0.3
9,248.9

881.2
38.0
919.2

1,147.0
260.9
1,407.9

1,592.6
19.5
1,612.1

0.5
9,414.4

$

$

838.9
38.0
876.9

1,121.5
171.8
1,293.3

1,551.6
19.5
1,571.1

0.5
8,570.7

13

 
The following table sets forth selected information concerning assumed life reinsurance business in force and assumed 
new business volume by segment for the periods indicated. The terms “in force” and “new business” refer to insurance policy face 
amounts or net amounts at risk.

Reinsurance Business In Force and New Business by Segment

(in billions)

 
 
 
U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total U.S. and Latin America

Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Canada

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Europe, Middle East and Africa

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total Asia Pacific

Total

2017

As of December 31,

2016

2015

In Force

New Business

In Force

New Business

In Force

New Business

$

$

$

1,609.8
2.1
1,611.9

393.9
—
393.9

739.0
—
739.0

552.3
0.2
552.5
3,297.3

$

99.4
—
99.4

35.6
—
35.6

181.5
—
181.5

78.9
—
78.9
395.4

$

$

$

1,609.3
2.1
1,611.4

$

126.4
—
126.4

$

1,594.3
2.1
1,596.4

355.7
—
355.7

603.0
—
603.0

492.2
0.2
492.4
3,062.5

$

34.9
—
34.9

169.8
—
169.8

73.7
—
73.7
404.8

333.0
—
333.0

602.7
—
602.7

462.7
0.3
463.0
2,995.1

$

$

203.9
—
203.9

38.6
—
38.6

171.6
—
171.6

76.9
—
76.9
491.0

Reinsurance business in force reflects the addition or acquisition of new life reinsurance business, offset by terminations 
(e.g., life and group contract terminations, lapses of underlying policies, deaths of insureds, and recapture), changes in foreign 
currency exchange, and any other changes in the amount of insurance in force. As a result of terminations and other changes, 
assumed in force amounts at risk of $160.6 billion, $337.4 billion, and $439.4 billion were released in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. 

Additional information regarding the operations of the Company’s segments and geographic operations is contained in 

Note 15 – “Segment Information” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

U.S. and Latin America Operations

The U.S. and Latin America operations represented 54.7%, 57.0% and 56.3% of the Company’s net premiums in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively. The U.S. and Latin America operations market traditional life and health reinsurance, reinsurance 
of asset-intensive products, and financial reinsurance, primarily to large U.S. life insurance companies.  The U.S. and Latin America 
operations include business generated by its offices in the U.S., Mexico and Brazil. The offices in Mexico and Brazil provide 
services to clients in other Latin American countries.

Traditional Reinsurance

The U.S. and Latin America Traditional segment provides individual and group life and health reinsurance to domestic 
clients for a variety of products through yearly renewable term agreements, coinsurance, and modified coinsurance. This business 
has been accepted under many different rate scales, with rates often tailored to suit the underlying product and the needs of the 
ceding  company.  Premiums  typically  vary  for  smokers  and  non-smokers,  males  and  females,  and  may  include  a  preferred 
underwriting class discount. Reinsurance premiums are paid in accordance with the treaty, regardless of the premium mode for 
the underlying primary insurance. This business is made up of facultative and automatic treaty business. 

Automatic business is generated pursuant to treaties which generally require that the underlying policies meet the ceding 
company’s underwriting criteria, although in certain cases such policies may be rated substandard. In contrast to facultative 
reinsurance, reinsurers do not engage in underwriting assessments of each risk assumed through an automatic treaty.

As the Company does not apply its underwriting standards to each policy ceded to it under automatic treaties, the U.S. 
and Latin America operations generally require ceding companies to retain a portion of the business written on an automatic basis, 

14

thereby increasing the ceding companies’ incentives to underwrite risks with due care and, when appropriate, to contest claims 
diligently.

The U.S. and Latin America facultative reinsurance operation involves the assessment of the risks inherent in (i) multiple 
impairments,  such  as  heart  disease,  high  blood  pressure,  and  diabetes;  (ii) cases  involving  large  policy  face  amounts;  and 
(iii) financial risk cases (i.e. cases involving policies disproportionately large in relation to the financial characteristics of the 
proposed insured).  The U.S. and Latin America operations’ marketing efforts have focused on developing facultative relationships 
with client companies because management believes facultative reinsurance represents a substantial segment of the reinsurance 
activity of many large insurance companies and also serves as an effective means of expanding the U.S. and Latin America 
operations’ automatic business. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, approximately 18.3%, 18.5%, and 19.9%, respectively, of the U.S. and 
Latin America gross premiums were written on a facultative basis.

Only a portion of approved facultative applications ultimately result in reinsurance, as applicants for impaired risk policies 
often submit applications to several primary insurers, which in turn seek facultative reinsurance from several reinsurers. Ultimately, 
only one insurance company and one reinsurer are likely to obtain the business. The Company tracks the percentage of declined 
and placed facultative applications on a client-by-client basis and generally works with clients to seek to maintain such percentages 
at levels deemed acceptable. As the Company applies its underwriting standards to each application submitted to it facultatively, 
it generally does not require ceding companies to retain a portion of the underlying risk when business is written on a facultative 
basis.

In addition, several of the Company’s U.S. and Latin America clients have purchased life insurance policies insuring the 
lives of their executives. These policies have generally been issued to fund deferred compensation plans and have been reinsured 
with the Company. The Company’s consolidated balance sheets included interest-sensitive contract liabilities of $2.0 billion and 
$2.1 billion and policy loans of $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, associated with this 
business.

Financial Solutions - Asset-Intensive Reinsurance

The Company’s U.S. and Latin America Asset-Intensive operations primarily concentrate on the investment risk within 
underlying  annuities  and  corporate-owned  life  insurance  policies.  These  reinsurance  agreements  are  mostly  structured  as 
coinsurance, coinsurance with funds withheld, or modified coinsurance of primarily investment risk such that the Company 
recognizes profits or losses primarily from the spread between the investment earnings and the interest credited on the underlying 
annuity contract liabilities. Reinsurance of such business was reflected in interest-sensitive contract liabilities and future policy 
benefits of approximately $15.1 billion and $13.1 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Annuities are normally limited by the size of the deposit from any single depositor. The Company also reinsures certain 
indexed annuities, variable annuity products that contain guaranteed minimum death or living benefits and corporate-owned life 
insurance products. Corporate-owned life insurance normally involves a large number of insureds associated with each deposit, 
and the Company’s underwriting guidelines limit the size of any single deposit. The individual policies associated with any single 
deposit are typically issued within pre-set guaranteed issue parameters.

The Company primarily targets highly rated, financially secure companies as clients for asset-intensive business. These 
companies may wish to limit their own exposure to certain products. Ongoing asset/liability analysis is required for the management 
of asset-intensive business. The Company performs this analysis internally, in conjunction with asset/liability analysis performed 
by the ceding companies.

Financial Solutions - Financial Reinsurance

The Company’s U.S. and Latin America Financial Reinsurance operations assist ceding companies in meeting applicable 
regulatory requirements while enhancing their financial strength and regulatory surplus position. The Company commits cash or 
assumes regulatory insurance liabilities from the ceding companies. In addition, the Company has committed to provide statutory 
reserve support to third-parties by funding loans if certain defined events occur.  Generally, such amounts are offset by receivables 
from ceding companies that are repaid by the future profits from the reinsured block of business. The Company structures its 
financial reinsurance transactions so that the projected future profits of the underlying reinsured business significantly exceed the 
amount of regulatory surplus provided to the ceding company.

The Company primarily targets highly rated insurance companies for financial reinsurance due to the credit risk associated 
with this business. A careful analysis is performed before providing any regulatory surplus enhancement to the ceding company. 
This analysis is intended to ensure that the Company understands the risks of the underlying insurance product and that the 
transaction has a high likelihood of being repaid through the future profits of the underlying business. If the future profits of the 
business are not sufficient to repay the Company or if the ceding company becomes financially distressed and is unable to make 
payments under the treaty, the Company may incur losses. A staff of actuaries and accountants track experience for each treaty 
on a quarterly basis in comparison to models of expected results.

15

Customer Base

The U.S. and Latin America operations market life reinsurance primarily to the largest U.S. life insurance companies.  
The treaties underlying this business generally are terminable by either party on 90 days written notice, but only with respect to 
future new business. Existing business generally is not terminable, unless the underlying policies terminate or are recaptured. In 
2017, the five largest clients generated approximately $1.7 billion or 28.7% of U.S. and Latin America operation’s gross premiums. 
In addition, 45 other clients each generated annual gross premiums of $20.0 million or more, and the aggregate gross premiums 
from these clients represented approximately 61.1% of U.S. and Latin America operation’s gross premiums. For the purpose of 
this disclosure, companies that are within the same insurance holding company structure are combined.

Canada Operations

The Canada operations represented 9.6%, 10.5%, and 10.2% of the Company’s net premiums in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.  The Company operates in Canada primarily through RGA Canada.  RGA Canada employs its own underwriting, 
actuarial, claims, pricing, accounting, systems, marketing and administrative staff in offices located in Montreal and Toronto.

Traditional Reinsurance

 In 2017, the Canada Traditional Reinsurance segment assumed $35.6 billion in new business, predominately representing 
recurring new business, as opposed to in force transactions.  Approximately 79.1% of the 2017 recurring new business was written 
on an automatic basis.

RGA Canada is a leading life reinsurer in Canada, based on new individual life insurance production.  It assists clients 
with capital management and mortality and morbidity risk management and is primarily engaged in individual life reinsurance, 
as well as creditor, group life and health, critical illness and disability reinsurance, through yearly renewable term and coinsurance 
agreements.  Creditor insurance covers the outstanding balance on personal, mortgage or commercial loans in the event of death, 
disability or critical illness and is generally shorter in duration than individual life insurance.

The business is generally composed of facultative and automatic treaty business.  Automatic business is generated pursuant 
to treaties which generally require that the underlying policies meet the ceding company’s underwriting criteria, although in certain 
cases such policies may be rated substandard. In contrast to facultative reinsurance, reinsurers do not engage in underwriting 
assessments of each risk assumed through an automatic treaty.

RGA Canada generally requires ceding companies to retain a portion of the business written on an automatic basis, 
thereby increasing the ceding companies’ incentives to underwrite risks with due care and, when appropriate, to contest claims 
diligently.

Facultative reinsurance involves the assessment of the risks from a medical and financial perspective. RGA Canada is 

recognized as a leader in facultative reinsurance, and this has served to maintain a strong market share on automatic business.

RGA Canada supports over half the companies active in the living benefits and in the group insurance markets.  Solid 

claims management expertise and innovative product development capabilities support a growing share of these markets.

Financial Solutions 

The Canada Financial Solutions segment concentrates on assisting clients with longevity risk transfer structures within 
underlying annuities and pension benefit obligations, and on assisting clients in meeting applicable regulatory requirements while 
enhancing their financial strength and regulatory surplus position through financial reinsurance structures.  

Customer Base

Clients include most of the life insurers in Canada, although the number of life insurers is much smaller compared to the 
U.S. In 2017, the five largest clients generated approximately $519.4 million or 53.1% of Canada operation’s gross premiums. In 
addition, 10 other clients each generated annual gross premiums of $20.0 million or more, and the aggregate gross premiums from 
these clients represented approximately 38.7% of Canada operation’s gross premiums. For the purpose of this disclosure, companies 
that are within the same insurance holding company structure are combined.

Europe, Middle East and Africa Operations

The Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) operations represented 14.9%, 14.3%, and 15.1% of the Company’s net 
premiums in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This segment serves clients from subsidiaries, licensed branch offices and/or 
representative offices primarily located in France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, South Africa, Spain, the Middle 
East region and the UK.

EMEA’s operations in the UK, Continental Europe, South Africa and the Middle East employ their own underwriting, 
actuarial,  claims,  pricing,  accounting,  marketing  and  administration  staffs  with  additional  support  services  provided  by  the 
Company’s staff in the U.S. and Canada.

16

Traditional Reinsurance

The principal types of reinsurance for this segment include individual and group life and health, critical illness, disability 
and underwritten annuities. Revenues earned from the traditional reinsurance accounted for 81.4% of the total revenues for the 
EMEA operations in 2017.  Traditional reinsurance in the UK, South Africa, Italy and Germany consists predominantly of long 
term contracts, which are not terminable for existing risk without recapture or natural expiry, whereas in other markets within the 
region contracts are predominantly short term, renewing annually.  The reinsurance agreements of critical illness coverage occurs 
primarily in the UK and South Africa and may be either facultative or automatic agreements. Premiums earned from critical illness 
coverage represented 14.7% of the total net premiums for this segment in 2017.

Financial Solutions

The principal types of reinsurance for this segment include longevity, asset-intensive and financial reinsurance.  Longevity 
reinsurance takes the form of closed block annuity reinsurance and longevity swap structures.  Revenues earned from financial 
solutions accounted for 18.6% of the total revenues for the EMEA operations in 2017.  Asset-intensive business for this segment 
consists of coinsurance of payout annuities.  Future policy benefits and interest-sensitive contracts liabilities of approximately 
$4.7 billion and $3.5 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are associated with this business.  Financial reinsurance 
assists ceding companies in meeting applicable regulatory requirements while enhancing their financial strength.  These transactions 
do not qualify as reinsurance under U.S. GAAP, due to low risk nature of transactions and are reported in accordance with deposit 
accounting guidelines.  

Customer Base

In 2017, the UK operations generated approximately $1,004.7 million, or 61.8% of the segment’s gross premiums. In 
2017, the five largest clients generated approximately $758.2 million or 46.7% of EMEA operation’s gross premiums.  In addition, 
18 other clients each generated annual gross premiums of $20.0 million or more, and the aggregate gross premiums from these 
clients represented approximately 34.3% of EMEA operation’s gross premiums. For the purpose of this disclosure, companies 
that are within the same insurance holding company structure are combined.
Asia Pacific Operations

The Asia Pacific operations represented 20.9%, 18.2%, and 18.3% of the Company’s net premiums in 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The Company has a presence in the Asia Pacific region with licensed branch offices and/or representative 
offices in China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. The Company has also 
established a reinsurance subsidiary in Australia in January 1996.

The Asian offices provide full reinsurance services with additional support services provided by the Company’s staff in 
the U.S. and Canada.  In addition, a regional team based in Hong Kong has been established in recent years to provide support to 
the Asian offices to accommodate business growth in the region.  RGA Australia employs its own underwriting, actuarial, claims, 
pricing, accounting, systems, marketing, and administration service with additional support provided by the Company’s U.S. and 
International Division Sydney offices.

Traditional Reinsurance

The principal types of reinsurance for the Traditional Reinsurance segment include individual and group life and health, 
critical illness, disability and superannuation through yearly renewable term and coinsurance agreements.  The reinsurance of 
critical illness coverage provides a benefit in the event of the diagnosis of pre-defined critical illness. Disability reinsurance 
provides income replacement benefits in the event the policyholder becomes disabled due to accident or illness.  Superannuation 
is the Australian government mandated compulsory retirement savings program. Superannuation funds accumulate retirement 
funds for employees, and, in addition, typically offer life and disability insurance coverage. Reinsurance agreements may be either 
facultative or automatic agreements covering primarily individual risks and, in some markets, group risks. Revenues earned from 
traditional reinsurance accounted for 96.8% of the total revenues for the Asia Pacific operations in 2017.   The reinsurance of 
critical illness coverage occurs primarily in South Korea, Australia, China and Hong Kong.  Premiums earned from critical illness 
coverage represented 29.8% of the total net premiums for this segment in 2017.

Financial Solutions

The Financial Solutions segment includes financial reinsurance, asset-intensive and certain disability and life blocks. 
Financial reinsurance assists ceding companies in meeting applicable regulatory requirements while enhancing their financial 
strength.  These transactions do not qualify as reinsurance under U.S. GAAP, due to low risk nature of transactions and are reported 
in  accordance  with  deposit  accounting  guidelines.   Asset-intensive  business  for  this  segment  primarily  concentrates  on  the 
investment risk within underlying annuities and life insurance policies.  These reinsurance agreements are mostly structured to 
take on investment risk such that the Company recognizes profits or losses primarily from the spread between the investment 

17

earnings and the interest credited on the underlying annuity contract liabilities.  The Financial Solutions business occurs primarily 
in Australia, Hong Kong and Japan.

Customer Base

In 2017, the five largest clients generated approximately $892.5 million or 42.3% of Asia Pacific operation’s gross 
premiums. In addition, 17 other clients each generated annual gross premiums of $20.0 million or more, and the aggregate gross 
premiums  from  these  clients  represented  approximately  37.9%  of Asia  Pacific  operation’s  gross  premiums.  The Australian 
operations generated approximately $599.8 million, or 28.4% of the total gross premiums for the Asia Pacific operations in 2017. 
For the purpose of this disclosure, companies that are within the same insurance holding company structure are combined.

Corporate and Other

Corporate  and  Other  operations  include  investment  income  from  invested  assets  not  allocated  to  support  segment 
operations, proceeds from the Company’s capital-raising efforts that have not been deployed and investment related gains or losses. 
Corporate expenses consist of the offset to capital charges allocated to the operating segments within the policy acquisition costs 
and other insurance income line item, unallocated overhead and executive costs, and interest expense related to debt. Additionally, 
Corporate and Other includes results associated with the Company’s collateral finance and securitization notes and results from 
certain wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures that, among other activities, develop and market technology solutions for 
the insurance industry.
 

D.

Financial Information About Foreign Operations

The Company’s foreign operations are primarily in Canada, the Asia Pacific region, Europe, and South Africa. Revenue, 
income (loss) before income taxes, which include investment related gains (losses), interest expense, depreciation and amortization, 
and identifiable assets attributable to these geographic regions are identified in Note 15 – “Segment Information” in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements. Although there are risks inherent to foreign operations, such as currency fluctuations and 
restrictions on the movement of funds, as described in Item 1A – “Risk Factors”, the Company’s financial position and results of 
operations have not been materially adversely affected thereby to date.
E.

Available Information

Copies of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-
K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Company’s website (www.rgare.com) as soon as 
reasonably  practicable  after  the  Company  electronically  files  such  reports  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission 
(www.sec.gov). Information provided on such websites does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 1A.         RISK FACTORS

In the Risk Factors below, we refer to the Company as “we,” “us,” or “our.” Investing in our securities involves certain 
risks. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. These 
risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under 
“Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Item 7 below and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Many of these risks are interrelated and occur under similar business and economic conditions, 
and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence, or exacerbate the effect, of others. Such a combination 
could materially increase the severity of the impact on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Business
We make assumptions when pricing our products relating to mortality, morbidity, lapsation, investment returns and 
expenses, and significant deviations in experience could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Our life reinsurance contracts expose us to mortality risk, which is the risk that the level of death claims may differ from 
that which we assumed in pricing our reinsurance contracts. Some of our reinsurance contracts expose us to morbidity risk, which 
is the risk that the claims we pay in the event an insured person becomes critically ill or disabled differ from that which we assumed 
in pricing our reinsurance contracts. Our risk analysis and underwriting processes are designed with the objective of controlling 
the quality of the business and establishing appropriate pricing for the risks we assume. Among other things, these processes rely 
heavily on our underwriting, our analysis of mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates, expenses and our understanding of medical 
impairments and their effect on mortality or morbidity.

18

We expect mortality, morbidity and lapse experience to fluctuate somewhat from period to period, but believe they should 
remain reasonably predictable over a period of many years. Mortality, morbidity or lapse experience that is less favorable than 
the rates that we used in pricing a reinsurance agreement may cause our net income to be less than otherwise expected because 
the premiums we receive for the risks we assume may not be sufficient to cover the claims and profit margin. Furthermore, even 
if the total benefits paid over the life of the contract do not exceed the expected amount, unexpected increases in the incidence of 
deaths or illness can cause us to pay more benefits in a given reporting period than expected, adversely affecting our net income 
in any particular reporting period. Likewise, adverse experience could impair our ability to offset certain unamortized deferred 
acquisition costs and adversely affect our net income in any particular reporting period. We perform annual tests to establish that 
deferred policy acquisition costs remain recoverable at all times. These tests require us to make a significant number of assumptions. 
If our financial performance significantly deteriorates to the point where a premium deficiency exists, a cumulative charge to 
current operations will be recorded which may adversely affect our net income in a particular reporting period.

We  regularly  review  our  reserves  and  associated  assumptions  as  part  of  our  ongoing  assessment  of  our  business 
performance and risks. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits 
and claim payments as a result of changes in experience, assumptions or otherwise, we would be required to increase our reserves 
and incur charges in the period in which we make the determination. The amounts of such increases may be significant and this 
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and may require us to generate or fund additional 
capital in our businesses.  

Our financial condition and results of operations may also be adversely affected if our actual investment returns and 
expenses differ from our pricing and reserve assumptions.  Changes in economic conditions may lead to changes in market interest 
rates or changes in our investment strategies, either of which could cause our actual investment returns and expenses to differ 
from our pricing and reserve assumptions.

Our reinsurance subsidiaries are highly regulated, and changes in these regulations could negatively affect our business. 
Our reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to government regulation in each of the jurisdictions in which they are licensed 
or authorized to do business.  Governmental agencies have broad administrative power to regulate many aspects of the reinsurance 
business, which may include reinsurance terms and capital adequacy.  These agencies are concerned primarily with the protection 
of policyholders and their direct insurers rather than shareholders or holders of debt securities of reinsurance companies.  Moreover, 
insurance laws and regulations, among other things, establish minimum capital requirements and limit the amount of dividends, 
tax  distributions  and  other  payments  our  reinsurance  subsidiaries  can  make  without  prior  regulatory  approval,  and  impose 
restrictions on the amount and type of investments we may hold.  The State of Missouri also regulates our reinsurance subsidiaries 
as members of an insurance holding company system.  The regulation of our reinsurance subsidiaries in this way necessitates 
restrictions upon RGA as the ultimate parent of these entities.

Recently, insurance regulators have increased their scrutiny of insurance holding company systems in the U.S. Much of 
the additional scrutiny is on activities of the insurance company’s entire group which includes the group’s parent company and 
any non-insurance subsidiaries.  While the laws have not extended regulation to RGA and its non-insurance subsidiaries, the 
manner in which the insurance regulators regulate our reinsurance subsidiaries is now influencing the activities of all other entities 
within the Company.  Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Acts in the U.S. now provide for an expanded supervision 
of insurance groups operating in the U.S.  The scope includes a review of enterprise risk management programs as well as expanded 
review of agreements between licensed insurers and their group members. Missouri and California have each adopted these new 
standards as law.

At the U.S. federal level, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act established a Financial 
Stability Oversight Council to identify financial institutions, including insurers and reinsurers that are systemically important to 
the U.S. financial system.  A finding that RGA or one of our U.S. subsidiaries is systemically important could ultimately subject 
the identified entity to additional capital requirements based on business levels and asset mix and other supervision.  Such additional 
scrutiny might also impact our ability to pay dividends.   While we do not currently anticipate that the Financial Stability Oversight 
Council will find RGA or any of our U.S. subsidiaries to be systemically important, a few of our client insurance companies have 
been designated systemically important and we anticipate that more could receive such designation.  Designation of our client 
insurance companies as systemically important could impact us through additional scrutiny of the client’s reinsurance programs 
with us, including a consideration of the volume of business ceded by the insurer to us.  Moreover, more stringent restrictions may 
be adopted from time to time in other jurisdictions in which our reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled, which could, under certain 
circumstances, significantly reduce or restrict dividends or other amounts payable to us by our subsidiaries unless they obtain 
approval from insurance regulatory authorities.  We cannot predict the effect that any recommendations of the NAIC or proposed 
or future legislation or rule-making in the U.S. or elsewhere may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We operate in many jurisdictions around the world and a substantial portion of our operations occur outside of the United 
States. These international businesses are subject to the insurance, tax and other laws and regulations in the countries in which 
they are organized and in which they operate. These laws and regulations may apply heightened scrutiny to non-domestic companies, 

19

which can adversely affect our operations, liquidity, profitability and regulatory capital. Foreign governments and regulatory bodies 
from time to time consider legislation and regulations that could subject us to new or different requirements and such changes 
could negatively impact our operations in the relevant jurisdictions.  Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to the Solvency II 
measures developed by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and are required to abide by the evolving 
risk management practices, capital standards and disclosure requirements of the Solvency II framework.  We may also be subject 
to similar solvency regulations in other regions, such as Bermuda and China, where influences of the Solvency II - type framework 
are already present in the insurance regulation, and Japan.  See “Regulation - International Regulation” in Item 1, Business.  As 
a result, there can be no assurance at this time that Solvency II and such similar solvency regulations will not result in broader 
consequences to the Company.

A downgrade in our ratings or in the ratings of our reinsurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our ability to 
compete.

Our  financial  strength  and  credit  ratings  are  important  factors  in  our  competitive  position.  Rating  organizations 
periodically review the financial performance and condition of insurers, including our reinsurance subsidiaries. These ratings are 
based on an insurance company’s ability to pay its obligations and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Rating 
organizations assign ratings based upon several factors. While most of the factors considered relate to the rated company, some 
of the factors relate to general economic conditions and circumstances outside the rated company’s control. The various rating 
agencies periodically review and evaluate our capital adequacy in accordance with their established guidelines and capital models. 
In order to maintain our existing ratings, we may commit from time to time to manage our capital at levels commensurate with 
such guidelines and models. If our capital levels are insufficient to fulfill any such commitments, we could be required to reduce 
our risk profile by, for example, retroceding some of our business or by raising additional capital by issuing debt, hybrid or equity 
securities. Any such actions could have a material adverse impact on our earnings or materially dilute our shareholders’ equity 
ownership interests.

Any downgrade in the ratings of our reinsurance subsidiaries could adversely affect their ability to sell products, retain 
existing business, and compete for attractive acquisition opportunities. The ability of our subsidiaries to write reinsurance partially 
depends on their financial condition and is influenced by their ratings.  Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating organization. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and each rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other rating. 

We believe that the rating agencies consider the financial strength and flexibility of a parent company and its consolidated 
operations when assigning a rating to a particular subsidiary of that company.  A downgrade in the rating or outlook of RGA, 
among other factors, could adversely affect our ability to raise and then contribute capital to our subsidiaries for the purpose of 
facilitating their operations and growth. A downgrade could also increase our own cost of capital. For example, the facility fee 
and interest rate for our syndicated revolving credit facility are based on our senior long-term debt ratings. A decrease in those 
ratings could result in an increase in costs for that credit facility and others. Also, if there is a downgrade in the rating of RGA, or 
any of our rated subsidiaries, some of our reinsurance contracts would either permit our client ceding insurers to terminate such 
reinsurance contracts or require us to post collateral to secure our obligations under these reinsurance contracts. Accordingly, we 
believe a ratings downgrade of RGA, or any of our rated subsidiaries, could have a negative effect on our ability to conduct 
business.

We cannot assure you that actions taken by ratings agencies would not result in a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. In addition, it is unclear what effect, if any, a ratings change would have on the price 
of our securities in the secondary market.

The availability and cost of collateral, including letters of credit, asset trusts and other credit facilities, as well as regulatory 
changes relating to the use of captive insurance companies, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or 
results of operations.

Regulatory reserve requirements in various jurisdictions in which we operate may be significantly higher than the reserves 
required under GAAP. Accordingly, we reinsure, or retrocede, business to affiliated and unaffiliated reinsurers to reduce the amount 
of regulatory reserves and capital we are required to hold in certain jurisdictions, including the U.S. and the UK.
 
A regulation in the U.S., commonly referred to as Regulation XXX, requires a relatively high level of regulatory, or 
statutory, reserves that U.S. life insurance and life reinsurance companies must hold on their statutory financial statements for 
various  types  of  life  insurance  business,  primarily  certain  level  term  life  products.  The  reserve  levels  required  under 
Regulation XXX increase over time and are normally in excess of reserves required under GAAP. The degree to which these 
reserves will increase and the ultimate level of reserves will depend upon the mix of our business and future production levels in 
the U.S.  Based on the assumed rate of growth in our current business plan, and the increasing level of regulatory reserves associated 
with some of this business, we expect the amount of our required regulatory reserves to grow significantly.

20

In order to reduce the effect of Regulation XXX, our principal U.S. operating subsidiary, RGA Reinsurance Company, 
has retroceded Regulation XXX-related reserves to affiliated and unaffiliated reinsurers, including affiliated insurers governed by 
captive insurance laws. Additionally, some of our reinsurance subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions enter into various reinsurance 
arrangements  with  affiliated  and  unaffiliated  reinsurers  from  time  to  time  in  order  to  reduce  statutory  capital  and  reserve 
requirements. 

During 2013 and 2014, U.S. state insurance regulators reviewed the life insurance industries’ use of affiliated captive 
reinsurers to satisfy certain reserve requirements.  As a result of this review, measures were adopted and implemented in 2015 to 
promote uniformity in both the approval and supervision of such reinsurers.  These standards allow current captives to continue 
in accordance with their previously approved plans, but place restrictions on the use of such captive reinsurers for new programs 
making them less effective than previous captive programs.  As a result captive reinsurance has become less a part of our reserve 
growth financing than earlier.  It is also possible that additional restrictions could be introduced and this could further limit our 
ability to reinsure certain products, maintain risk based capital ratios and deploy excess capital. As a result, we may need to alter 
the type and volume of business we reinsure, increase prices on those products, raise additional capital to support higher regulatory 
reserves or implement higher cost strategies, all of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial 
condition and results of operations.  We cannot estimate the impact of discontinuing or altering our captive strategy in response 
to potential regulatory changes due to many unknown variables such as the cost and availability of alternative capital, potential 
changes  in  regulatory  reserve  requirements  under  a  principle-based  reserving  approach,  changes  in  acceptable  collateral  for 
statutory  reserves,  the  potential  introduction  of  the  concept  of  a  “certified  reinsurer”  in  the  laws  and  regulations  of  certain 
jurisdictions where we operate, the potential for increased pricing of products offered by us and the potential change in the mix 
of products sold or offered by us or our clients.  

Recently, the U.S. and the European Union negotiated a covered agreement under the authority provided in the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  The covered agreement is a bilateral trade agreement under which both 
the U.S. and the member countries of the European Union agreed to eliminate collateral for reinsurance cessions from insurers 
domiciled in their home jurisdiction to reinsurers domiciled in the foreign jurisdiction, accept each other’s regulators as the group 
supervisor and rely on the group capital calculation at use in the insurer’s/reinsurer’s home jurisdiction.   It is unclear as to how 
the U.S. regulators will implement the terms of the covered agreement, but it is possible that the certified reinsurer concept could 
be altered or eliminated in U.S. reinsurance reserve credit regulation.  Such alteration or elimination may impact the cost or the 
availability of alternative capital, which may or may not be offset by the reduction in collateral that may ultimately result from 
the covered agreement. 

As a general matter, for us to reduce regulatory reserves on business that we retrocede, the affiliated or unaffiliated 
reinsurer must provide an equal amount of regulatory-compliant collateral. Such collateral may be provided in the form of a letter 
of credit from a commercial bank, through the placement of assets in trust for our benefit, or through a capital markets securitization.

In connection with these reserve requirements, we face the following risks:
•  The availability of collateral and the related cost of such collateral in the future could affect the type and volume of 

business we reinsure and could increase our costs.

• 

•  We may need to raise additional capital to support higher regulatory reserves, which could increase our overall cost 

of capital.
If we, or our retrocessionaires, are unable to obtain or provide sufficient collateral to support our statutory ceded 
reserves, we may be required to increase regulatory reserves. In turn, this reserve increase could significantly reduce 
our statutory capital levels and adversely affect our ability to satisfy required regulatory capital levels, unless we are 
able to raise additional capital to contribute to our operating subsidiaries.

•  Because term life insurance is a particularly price-sensitive product, any increase in insurance premiums charged on 
these  products  by  life  insurance  companies,  in  order  to  compensate  them  for  the  increased  statutory  reserve 
requirements or higher costs of insurance they face, may result in a significant loss of volume in their life insurance 
operations, which could, in turn, adversely affect our life reinsurance operations.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to implement actions to mitigate the effect of increasing regulatory reserve 

requirements.

In addition, we maintain credit and letter of credit facilities with various financial institutions as a potential source of 
collateral and excess liquidity. Our ability to utilize these facilities is conditioned on our satisfaction of covenants and other 
requirements contained in the facilities. Our ability to utilize these facilities is also subject to the continued willingness and ability 
of the lenders to provide funds or issue letters of credit. Our failure to comply with the covenants in these facilities, or the failure 
of the lenders to meet their commitments, would restrict our ability to access these facilities when needed, adversely affecting our 
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.  

21

Changes in the equity markets, interest rates and volatility affect the profitability of variable annuities with guaranteed 
living benefits that we reinsure; therefore, such changes may have a material adverse effect on our business and profitability.
We  reinsure  variable  annuity  products  that  include  guaranteed  minimum  living  benefits. These  include  guaranteed 
minimum withdrawal benefits (“GMWB”), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (“GMAB”) and guaranteed minimum 
income benefits (“GMIB”). The amount of reserves related to these benefits is based on their fair value and is affected by changes 
in equity markets, interest rates and volatility. Accordingly, strong equity markets, increases in interest rates and decreases in 
volatility will generally decrease the fair value of the liabilities underlying the benefits.

Conversely, a decrease in the equity markets along with a decrease in interest rates and an increase in volatility will 
generally result in an increase in the fair value of the liabilities underlying the benefits, which increases the amount of reserves 
that we must carry. Such an increase in reserves would result in a charge to our earnings in the quarter in which we increase our 
reserves. We maintain a customized dynamic hedge program that is designed to mitigate the risks associated with income volatility 
around the change in reserves on guaranteed benefits. However, the hedge positions may not be effective to fully offset the changes 
in the carrying value of the guarantees due to, among other things, the time lag between changes in such values and corresponding 
changes in the hedge positions, high levels of volatility in the equity and derivatives markets, extreme swings in interest rates, 
contract holder behavior different than expected, and divergence between the performance of the underlying funds and hedging 
indices. These factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, capital levels, financial 
condition or results of operations.

RGA is an insurance holding company, and our ability to pay principal, interest and dividends on securities is limited.

RGA is an insurance holding company, with our principal assets consisting of the stock of our reinsurance company 
subsidiaries, and substantially all of our income is derived from those subsidiaries. Our ability to pay principal and interest on any 
debt securities or dividends on any preferred or common stock depends, in part, on the ability of our reinsurance company 
subsidiaries, our principal sources of cash flow, to declare and distribute dividends or advance money to RGA. We are not permitted 
to pay common stock dividends or make payments of interest or principal on securities which rank equal or junior to our subordinated 
debentures and junior subordinated debentures, until we pay any accrued and unpaid interest on such debentures. Our reinsurance 
company subsidiaries are subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions, applicable to insurance companies generally, that 
limit the amount of cash dividends, loans and advances that those subsidiaries may pay to us. Covenants contained in certain of 
our debt agreements also restrict the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions or loans to us. 
In addition, we cannot assure you that more stringent dividend restrictions will not be adopted, as discussed above under “Our 
reinsurance subsidiaries are highly regulated, and changes in these regulations could negatively affect our business.”

As a result of our insurance holding company structure, in the event of the insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, 
dissolution or other winding-up of one of our reinsurance subsidiaries, all creditors of that subsidiary would be entitled to payment 
in full out of the assets of such subsidiary before we, as shareholder, would be entitled to any payment. Our subsidiaries would 
have to pay their direct creditors in full before our creditors, including holders of common stock, preferred stock or debt securities 
of RGA, could receive any payment from the assets of such subsidiaries.

We are exposed to foreign currency risk.

We are a multi-national company with operations in numerous countries and, as a result, are exposed to foreign currency 
risk to the extent that exchange rates of foreign currencies are subject to adverse change over time. The U.S. dollar value of our 
net investments in foreign operations, our foreign currency transaction settlements and the periodic conversion of the foreign-
denominated earnings to U.S. dollars (our reporting currency) are each subject to adverse foreign exchange rate movements. A 
significant portion of our revenues and our fixed maturity securities available for sale are denominated in currencies other than 
the U.S. dollar. We use foreign-denominated revenues and investments to fund foreign-denominated expenses and liabilities when 
possible to mitigate exposure to foreign currency fluctuations.

Our international operations involve inherent risks.

A significant portion of our net premiums come from our operations outside of the U.S.  One of our strategies is to grow 
these international operations. International operations subject us to various inherent risks. In addition to the regulatory and foreign 
currency risks identified above, other risks include the following:

•  managing the growth of these operations effectively, particularly given the recent rates of growth;
• 

changes in mortality and morbidity experience and the supply and demand for our products that are specific to these 
markets and that may be difficult to anticipate;
political and economic instability in the regions of the world where we operate;
uncertainty arising out of foreign government sovereignty over our international operations;

• 
• 

22

• 

potentially  uncertain  or  adverse  tax  consequences,  including  the  repatriation  of  earnings  from  our  non-U.S. 
subsidiaries; and
potential reduction in opportunities resulting from market access restrictions.

• 
Some of our international operations are in emerging markets where these risks are heightened and we anticipate that 
we will continue to do business in such markets. Our pricing assumptions may be less predictable in emerging markets, and 
deviations in actual experience from these assumptions could impact our profitability in these markets. Additionally, lack of legal 
certainty and stability in the emerging markets exposes us to increased risk of disruption and adverse or unpredictable actions by 
regulators and may make it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts, which may negatively impact our business.

On June 23, 2016, the UK held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union (“EU”), commonly 
referred to as “Brexit”.  As a result of this referendum, in 2017 the British government formally commenced the process to leave 
the EU and began negotiating the terms of treaties that will govern the future relationship between the UK and the EU. Although 
it is unknown what those terms might be, it is possible that there will be greater restrictions, requirements and regulatory complexities 
on reinsurance provided in the UK by entities located outside of the UK. These changes may adversely affect our business, financial 
condition or results of operations.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage the risks associated with our international operations effectively 

or that they will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We depend on the performance of others, and their failure to perform in a satisfactory manner would negatively affect us.
In the normal course of business, we seek to limit our exposure to losses from our reinsurance contracts by ceding a 
portion of the reinsurance to other insurance enterprises or retrocessionaires. We cannot assure you that these insurance enterprises 
or  retrocessionaires  will  be  able  to  fulfill  their  obligations  to  us. As  of December 31,  2017,  the  retrocession  pool  members 
participating in our excess retention pool that have been reviewed by A.M. Best Company, were rated “A-”, the fourth highest 
rating out of sixteen possible ratings, or better. We are also subject to the risk that our clients will be unable to fulfill their obligations 
to us under our reinsurance agreements with them.

We rely upon our insurance company clients to provide timely, accurate information. We may experience volatility in 
our earnings as a result of erroneous or untimely reporting from our clients. We work closely with our clients and monitor their 
reporting to minimize this risk. We also rely on original underwriting decisions made by our clients. We cannot assure you that 
these processes or those of our clients will adequately control business quality or establish appropriate pricing.

For some reinsurance agreements, the ceding company withholds and legally owns and manages assets equal to the net 
statutory reserves, and we reflect these assets as funds withheld at interest on our balance sheet. In the event that a ceding company 
was to become insolvent, we would need to assert a claim on the assets supporting our reserve liabilities. We attempt to mitigate 
our risk of loss by offsetting amounts for claims or allowances that we owe the ceding company with amounts that the ceding 
company owes to us. We are subject to the investment performance on the withheld assets, although we do not directly control 
them. We help to set, and monitor compliance with, the investment guidelines followed by these ceding companies. However, to 
the extent that such investment guidelines are not appropriate, or to the extent that the ceding companies do not adhere to such 
guidelines, our risk of loss could increase, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
For additional information on funds withheld at interest, see “Investments-Funds Withheld at Interest” in Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

We use the services of third-parties such as asset managers, software vendors and administrators to perform various 
functions that are important to our business.  For instance, we have engaged third party investment managers to manage certain 
assets where our investment management expertise is limited, who we rely on to provide investment advice and execute investment 
transactions that are within our investment policy guidelines. Poor performance on the part of these outside vendors could negatively 
affect our operations and financial performance.

As with all financial services companies, our ability to conduct business depends on consumer confidence in the industry 
and our financial strength. Actions of competitors, and financial difficulties of other companies in the industry, and related adverse 
publicity, could undermine consumer confidence and harm our reputation and business.

Natural and man-made disasters, catastrophes and events, including terrorist attacks, epidemics and pandemics, could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Natural disasters and terrorist attacks, as well as epidemics and pandemics, can adversely affect our business, financial 
condition and results of operations because they exacerbate mortality and morbidity risk. The likelihood, timing, and severity of 
these events cannot be predicted. A pandemic or other disaster could have a major impact on the global economy or the economies 
of particular countries or regions, including travel, trade, tourism, the health system, food supply, consumption, overall economic 
output, as well as on the financial markets. In addition, a pandemic or other disaster that affected our employees or the employees 

23

of companies with which we do business could disrupt our business operations. The effectiveness of external parties, including 
governmental and non-governmental organizations, in combating the spread and severity of such an event could have a material 
impact on the losses we experience.   These events could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any period 
and, depending on their severity, could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition.

We believe our reinsurance programs are sufficient to reasonably limit our net losses for individual life claims relating 
to potential future natural disasters and terrorist attacks. However, the consequences of natural disasters, terrorist attacks, armed 
conflicts, epidemics and pandemics are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have an adverse effect 
on our business.

We operate in a competitive, dynamic industry and we face intense competition.

The reinsurance industry is highly competitive, and we encounter significant competition in all lines of business from 
other reinsurance companies, as well as competition from other providers of financial services. Our competitors vary by geographic 
market, and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do. Our ability to compete depends on, among other 
things, pricing and other terms and conditions of reinsurance agreements, our ability to maintain strong financial strength ratings 
from rating agencies, and our service and experience in the types of business that we underwrite. Competition from other reinsurers 
could adversely affect our competitive position.

We compete based on the strength of our underwriting operations, insights on mortality trends based on our large book 
of business, and responsive service. We believe our quick response time to client requests for individual underwriting quotes and 
our underwriting expertise are important elements to our strategy and lead to other business opportunities with our clients. Our 
business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain these competitive advantages.

The insurance and reinsurance industries are subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer 
demands, changes in law, technological innovation, marketing practices and new providers of insurance and reinsurance solutions.  
Because of these and other factors, we are required to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and 
services from those of our competitors. Failure to anticipate these market trends or to differentiate our products and services may 
affect our ability to grow or to maintain our current position in the industry.  A failure to meet evolving consumer demands by the 
insurance industry and us through innovative product development, effective distribution channels and investments in technology 
could adversely affect the insurance industry and our operating results.  Similarly, our failure to meet the changing demands of 
our insurance company clients could negatively impact our financial performance.    

Tax law changes or a prolonged economic downturn could reduce the demand for insurance products, which could adversely 
affect our business.

Under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, income tax payable by policyholders on investment earnings is deferred during 
the accumulation period of some life insurance and annuity products. To the extent that the U.S. Internal Revenue Code is revised 
to reduce benefits associated with the tax-deferred status of life insurance and annuity products, or to increase the tax-deferred 
status of competing products, all life insurance companies would be adversely affected with respect to their ability to sell such 
products, and, depending on grandfathering provisions, by the surrenders of existing annuity contracts and life insurance policies. 
In addition, life insurance products are often used to fund estate tax obligations. The estate tax provisions of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code have been revised frequently in the past. If Congress adopts legislation in the future to reduce or eliminate the 
estate tax, our U.S. life insurance company customers could face reduced demand for some of their life insurance products, which 
in turn could negatively affect our reinsurance business. We cannot predict whether any tax legislation impacting corporate taxes 
or insurance products will be enacted, what the specific terms of any such legislation will be or whether any such legislation would 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

A general economic downturn or a downturn in the capital markets could adversely affect the market for many life 
insurance and annuity products. Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and 
strength of the capital markets, deflation and inflation affect the economic environment and thus the profitability of our business. 
An economic downturn may yield higher unemployment and lower family income, corporate earnings, business investment and 
consumer spending, and could result in decreased demand for life insurance and annuity products. Because we obtain substantially 
all of our revenues through reinsurance arrangements that cover a portfolio of life insurance products and annuities, our business 
would be harmed if the market for annuities or life insurance was adversely affected. Therefore, adverse changes in the economy 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

24

Acquisitions and significant transactions involve varying degrees of risk that could affect our profitability.

We have made, and may in the future make, strategic acquisitions, either of selected blocks of business or other companies. 
The success of these acquisitions depends on, among other factors, our ability to appropriately price the acquired business. 
Additionally, acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and various risks, including:
the ability to integrate the acquired business operations and data with our systems;
the availability of funding sufficient to meet increased capital needs;
the ability to fund cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenues are not realized or are delayed, whether 
by general economic or market conditions or unforeseen internal difficulties; and
the possibility that the value of investments acquired in an acquisition may be lower than expected or may diminish 
due to credit defaults or changes in interest rates and that liabilities assumed may be greater than expected (due to, 
among other factors, less favorable than expected mortality or morbidity experience).

• 
• 
• 

• 

A  failure  to  successfully  manage  the  operational  challenges  and  risks  associated  with  or  resulting  from  significant 

transactions, including acquisitions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our risk management policies and procedures could leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could 
negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our risk management policies and procedures, designed to identify, monitor and manage both internal and external risks, 
may not adequately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than expected. In addition, these identified risks 
may not be the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be 
immaterial, may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

There are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that 
we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we may suffer unexpected 
losses and could be materially adversely affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk 
management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. As a result, there is a risk that new business strategies 
may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. In times of market stress, unanticipated market 
movements  or  unanticipated  claims  experience  resulting  from  adverse  mortality,  morbidity  or  policyholder  behavior,  the 
effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses. In addition, under difficult or less liquid market 
conditions, our risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar 
strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive 
for us to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants. 

Past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our vendors could result in violations of law by us, regulatory 
sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be 
effective in all cases. There can be no assurance that controls and procedures that we employ, which are designed to monitor 
associates’ business decisions and prevent us from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. We review our 
compensation policies and practices as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that our compensation 
policies and practices could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. If our associates take excessive or 
inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial 
condition.

The failure in cyber or other information security systems, as well as the occurrence of unanticipated events affecting our 
disaster recovery systems and business continuity planning, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively.

Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We rely on these systems for a 
variety of business functions across our global operations, including for the administration of our business, underwriting, claims, 
performing actuarial analysis and maintaining financial records. While we maintain liability insurance for cybersecurity and 
network interruption losses, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect us against all losses.

We depend heavily upon computer systems to provide reliable service, data and reports. In the event of a disaster such 
as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack or war, unanticipated problems 
with our disaster recovery systems could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our financial 
condition and results of operations, particularly if those problems affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage 
and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. In addition, if a significant number of our managers were unavailable in the event 
of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be severely compromised. These interruptions also may interfere 
with our clients’ ability to provide data and other information to us, and our employees’ ability to perform their job responsibilities.
The failure of our computer systems or disaster recovery capabilities for any reason could cause significant interruptions 
in our operations and result in a failure to maintain security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive or personal data, related to our 

25

customers, insured individuals or our employees. Like other global companies, we have experienced threats to our data and systems 
from time to time. However, we have not detected or identified any evidence to indicate we have experienced a material breach 
of cyber security. Administrative and technical controls, security measures and other preventative actions we take to reduce the 
risk of such incidents and protect our information technology may not be sufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, 
and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Such a failure could harm our reputation, subject 
us to regulatory sanctions and legal claims, lead to loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations.

Failure to protect the confidentiality of information could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Many jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted laws to safeguard the privacy and security of personal information.  
Additionally, various government agencies have established rules protecting the privacy and security of such information. These 
laws and rules vary greatly by jurisdiction.  Some of our employees have access to personal information of policy holders. We 
rely on internal controls to protect the confidentiality of this information. It is possible that an employee could, intentionally or 
unintentionally, disclose or misappropriate confidential information or our data could be the subject of a cybersecurity attack. If 
we fail to maintain adequate internal controls or if our employees fail to comply with our policies, misappropriation or intentional 
or unintentional inappropriate disclosure or misuse of client information could occur. Such internal control inadequacies or non-
compliance could materially damage our reputation or lead to civil or criminal penalties, which, in turn, could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we analyze customer data to better manage 
our business. There has been increased scrutiny, including from U.S. state regulators, regarding the use of “big data” techniques. 
We cannot predict what, if any, actions may be taken with regard to “big data,” but any inquiries could cause reputational harm 
and any limitations could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Managing key employee retention and succession is critical to our success. 

Our success depends in large part upon our ability to identify, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled employees. We 
would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior management and other key employees. 
While we have succession plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our succession plans may 
not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be 
available to us.

Risks Related to Our Investments

Adverse capital and credit market conditions and access to credit facilities may significantly affect our ability to meet 
liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital.

The capital and credit markets experience varying degrees of volatility and disruption. In some periods, the markets have 

exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers.

We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock and to replace 
certain maturing liabilities. Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will be 
adversely affected. The principal sources of our liquidity are reinsurance premiums under reinsurance treaties and cash flows from 
our investment portfolio and other assets. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also include proceeds from the issuance of a 
variety of short- and long-term instruments, including medium- and long-term debt, subordinated and junior subordinated debt 
securities, capital securities and common stock.

In the event current resources do not satisfy our needs, we may have to seek additional financing. The availability of 
additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of equity and credit, 
the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit 
capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial 
prospects. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against 
us. Our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain 
additional financing on favorable terms, or at all.

Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access to capital required to 
operate our business, most significantly our reinsurance operations. Such market conditions may limit our ability to replace maturing 
liabilities in a timely manner, satisfy statutory capital requirements, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet 
liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue 
shorter tenor securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly 
reduce our financial flexibility. Further, our ability to finance our statutory reserve requirements depends on market conditions. 

26

If market capacity is limited for a prolonged period of time, our ability to obtain new funding for such purposes may be hindered 
and, as a result, our ability to write additional business in a cost-effective manner may be limited or otherwise adversely affected. 
We also rely on our unsecured credit facilities, including our $850 million syndicated credit facility, as potential sources 
of liquidity.  Our credit facilities contain administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants, and our syndicated credit facility 
includes requirements to maintain a specified minimum consolidated net worth and a minimum ratio of consolidated indebtedness 
to total capitalization. If we were unable to access our credit facilities it could materially impact our capital position. The availability 
of these facilities could be critical to our credit and financial strength ratings and our ability to meet our obligations as they come 
due in a market when alternative sources of credit are unavailable. 

Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

Our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position are materially affected by conditions 
in the global capital markets and the economy generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world. Poor economic conditions, 
volatility and disruptions in capital markets or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on our business because our 
investment portfolio and some of our liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. Additionally, disruptions in one market 
or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. 

Concerns over U.S. fiscal policy and the trajectory of the U.S. national debt could have severe repercussions to the U.S. 
and global credit and financial markets, further exacerbate concerns over sovereign debt and disrupt economic activity in the U.S. 
and elsewhere. As a result, our access to, or cost of, liquidity may deteriorate. As a result of uncertainty regarding U.S. national 
debt, the market value of some of our investments may decrease, and our capital adequacy could be adversely affected. Further 
downgrades, together with the sustained current trajectory of the U.S. national debt, could have adverse effects on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

Past economic uncertainties and weakness and disruption of the financial markets around the world, such as the solvency 
of certain European Union member states and of financial institutions that have significant direct or indirect exposure to debt 
issued by such countries, have led to concerns over capital markets access. In addition, there has been recent volatility within 
certain emerging market countries spurred by concerns over the potential for rising U.S. interest rates, slowing global growth, 
lower prices for oil and other commodities and the devaluation of certain currencies. These events and continuing market upheavals 
may have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and are also dependent upon customer 
behavior. Our revenues may decline in such circumstances and our profit margins may erode. In addition, in the event of extreme 
prolonged market events, such as the global credit crisis, we could incur significant investment-related losses. Even in the absence 
of a market downturn, we are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to market volatility.

If our investment strategy is unsuccessful, we could suffer losses.

The success of our investment strategy is crucial to the success of our business. In particular, we structure our investments 
to match our anticipated liabilities under reinsurance treaties to the extent we believe necessary. If our calculations with respect 
to these reinsurance liabilities are incorrect, or if we improperly structure our investments to match such liabilities, we could be 
forced to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a significant loss.

Our investment guidelines permit us to invest up to 10% of our investment portfolio in non-investment grade fixed 
maturity securities. Those guidelines also permit us to make and invest in commercial mortgage loans. While any investment 
carries some risk, the risks associated with lower-rated securities are greater than the risks associated with investment grade 
securities. The risk of loss of principal or interest through default is greater because lower-rated securities are usually unsecured 
and are often subordinated to an issuer’s other obligations. Additionally, the issuers of these securities frequently have relatively 
high debt levels and are thus more sensitive to difficult economic conditions, specific corporate developments and rising interest 
rates, which could impair an issuer’s capacity or willingness to meet its financial commitment on such lower-rated securities. As 
a result, the market price of these securities may be quite volatile, and the risk of loss is greater.

The success of any investment activity is affected by general economic conditions, including the level and volatility of 
interest rates and the extent and timing of investor participation in such markets, which may adversely affect the markets for 
interest rate sensitive securities, mortgages and equity securities. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity in the markets in which we 
directly or indirectly hold positions could adversely affect us. 

Interest rate fluctuations could negatively affect the income we derive from the difference between the interest rates we 
earn on our investments and interest we pay under our reinsurance contracts.

Significant changes in interest rates expose reinsurance companies to the risk of reduced investment income or actual 
losses based on the difference between the interest rates earned on investments and the credited interest rates paid on outstanding 
reinsurance contracts. Both rising and declining interest rates can negatively affect the income we derive from these interest rate 

27

spreads. During periods of rising interest rates, we may be contractually obligated to reimburse our clients for the greater amounts 
they credit on certain interest-sensitive products. However, we may not have the ability to immediately acquire investments with 
interest rates sufficient to offset the increased crediting rates on our reinsurance contracts. During periods of falling interest rates, 
our investment earnings will be lower because new investments in fixed maturity securities will likely bear lower interest rates. 
We may not be able to fully offset the decline in investment earnings with lower crediting rates on underlying annuity products 
related to certain of our reinsurance contracts. Our asset/liability management programs and procedures may not reduce the 
volatility of our income when interest rates are rising or falling, and thus we cannot assure you that changes in interest rates will 
not affect our interest rate spreads.

Changes in interest rates may also affect our business in other ways. Higher interest rates may result in increased surrenders 
on interest-based products of our clients, which may affect our fees and earnings on those products. Lower interest rates may result 
in lower sales of certain insurance and investment products of our clients, which would reduce the demand for our reinsurance of 
these products. If interest rates remain low for an extended period of time, it may adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations.

Uncertainty relating to the LIBOR calculation process and potential phasing out of LIBOR after 2021 may adversely affect 
the value of certain of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities.

Regulators and law enforcement agencies in the United Kingdom and elsewhere are conducting civil and criminal 
investigations into whether the banks that contribute to the British Bankers’ Association (the “BBA”) in connection with the 
calculation of daily LIBOR may have been under-reporting or otherwise manipulating or attempting to manipulate LIBOR. A 
number of BBA member banks have entered into settlements with their regulators and law enforcement agencies with respect to 
this alleged manipulation of LIBOR.  Actions by the BBA, regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the 
manner in which LIBOR is determined or the establishment of alternative reference rates. For example, on July 27, 2017, the U.K. 
Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any such changes, any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential 
changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for LIBOR-based securities, including 
certain of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities.  More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
to LIBOR or any other “benchmark” as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any securities based on or linked to a “benchmark,” such as certain of our 
LIBOR-based assets and liabilities.  We are not able to predict what the impact of such changes may be on our cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations.

The liquidity and value of some of our investments may become significantly diminished.

We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as privately placed fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, 
policy loans and real estate equity. If we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash requirements 
or are required to post or return collateral in connection with our investment portfolio, derivatives transactions or securities lending 
activities, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise 
would have been able to realize, or both.

We could be forced to sell investments at a loss to cover policyholder withdrawals, recaptures of reinsurance treaties or 
other events.

Some of the products offered by our insurance company customers allow policyholders and contract holders to withdraw 
their funds under defined circumstances. Our reinsurance subsidiaries manage their liabilities and configure their investment 
portfolios so as to provide and maintain sufficient liquidity to support anticipated withdrawal demands and contract benefits and 
maturities under reinsurance treaties with these customers. While our reinsurance subsidiaries own a significant amount of liquid 
assets,  a  portion  of  their  assets  are  relatively  illiquid.  Unanticipated  withdrawal  or  surrender  activity  could,  under  some 
circumstances, require our reinsurance subsidiaries to dispose of assets on unfavorable terms, which could have an adverse effect 
on us. Reinsurance agreements may provide for recapture rights on the part of our insurance company customers. Recapture rights 
permit these customers to reassume all or a portion of the risk formerly ceded to us after an agreed-upon time, usually ten years, 
subject to various conditions.

Recapture of business previously ceded does not affect premiums ceded prior to the recapture, but may result in immediate 
payments to our insurance company customers and a charge to income for costs that we deferred when we acquired the business 
but are unable to recover upon recapture. Under some circumstances, payments to our insurance company customers could require 
our reinsurance subsidiaries to dispose of assets on unfavorable terms.

28

The defaults or deteriorating credit of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties 
in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, insurance companies, commercial banks, investment banks, 
investment funds and other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. 
In addition, with respect to secured and other transactions that provide for us to hold collateral posted by the counterparty, our 
credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be liquidated at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of 
our exposure. We also have exposure to these financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions 
and equity investments. There can be no assurance that losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets would not 
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Defaults on our mortgage loans and volatility in performance may adversely affect our profitability.

Our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally collateralized by commercial properties. Mortgage loans are 
stated on our balance sheet at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or 
expenses, and are net of valuation allowances. We establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance 
sheet date. Such valuation allowances are based on the excess carrying value of the loan over the present value of expected future 
cash flows discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate, the value of the loan’s collateral if the loan is in the process of 
foreclosure or is otherwise collateral-dependent, or the loan’s market value if the loan is being sold. The performance of our 
mortgage loan investments, however, may fluctuate in the future. An increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments 
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Further, any geographic or sector concentration of our mortgage loans may have adverse effects on our investment 
portfolios and consequently on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. While we seek to mitigate this risk 
by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular geographic region 
or sector may have a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are concentrated. Moreover, 
our ability to sell assets relating to such particular groups of related assets may be limited if other market participants are seeking 
to sell at the same time.

Our valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities and derivatives include methodologies, estimations and assumptions 
that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may have a material 
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Fixed maturity, equity securities and short-term investments, which are primarily reported at fair value on the consolidated 
balance sheets, represent the majority of our total cash and invested assets. We have categorized these securities into a three-level 
hierarchy, based on the priority of the inputs to the respective valuation technique. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest 
priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs 
(Level 3). An asset or liability’s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of significant input to 
its  valuation.  For  example,  a  Level  3  fair  value  measurement  may  include  inputs  that  are  observable  (Levels  1  and  2)  and 
unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, gains and losses for such assets and liabilities categorized within Level 3 may include changes 
in fair value that are attributable to both observable market inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable market inputs (Level 3).

The  determination  of  fair  values  in  the  absence  of  quoted  market  prices  is  based  on:  (i) valuation  methodologies; 
(ii) securities we deem to be comparable; and (iii) assumptions deemed appropriate based on market conditions specific to the 
security. The fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about 
assets and liabilities, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the 
issuer or counterparty. Factors considered in estimating fair value include: coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, 
sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer, and quoted market prices of comparable securities. The use 
of different methodologies and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.

During periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening 
credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent or market data 
becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that 
become illiquid due to the financial environment. In such cases, more securities may fall to Level 3 and thus require more subjectivity 
and management judgment. As such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater 
estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated or require greater estimation thereby resulting in values that 
may be different than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. Further, rapidly changing or disruptive credit 
and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial 
statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse 
effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

29

The reported value of our relatively illiquid types of investments, our investments in the asset classes described in the 
paragraph above and, at times, our high-quality, generally liquid asset classes, do not necessarily reflect the lowest current market 
price for the asset. If we were forced to sell certain of our assets in disruptive or volatile market conditions, there can be no 
assurance that we will be able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we may be forced to sell them at 
significantly lower prices.

The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments is highly subjective and could 
materially affect our financial condition or results of operations.

The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments vary by investment type and is based upon our periodic 
evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments 
are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. Management updates its evaluations regularly and 
reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised.

For example, the cost of our fixed maturity and equity securities is adjusted for impairments in value deemed to be other-
than-temporary in the period in which the determination is made. The assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based 
on management’s case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in fair value. Our management considers a 
wide range of factors about the security issuer and uses their best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated 
fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. Inherent in management’s evaluation of the security 
are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. There can be no assurance that 
our management has accurately assessed the level of impairments taken, or allowances reflected in our financial statements and 
their potential impact on regulatory capital. Furthermore, additional impairments or additional allowances may be needed in the 
future.

Defaults, downgrades or other events impairing the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio may reduce our earnings.
We are subject to the risk that the issuers, or guarantors, of fixed maturity securities we own may default on principal 
and interest payments they owe us. Fixed maturity securities represent a substantial portion of our total cash and invested assets. 
The occurrence of a major economic downturn (or a prolonged downturn in the economy), acts of corporate malfeasance, widening 
risk spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of these securities could cause the value of our fixed 
maturity securities portfolio and our net income to decline and the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our investment 
portfolio to increase. A ratings downgrade affecting issuers or guarantors of particular securities, or similar trends that could worsen 
the credit quality of issuers, such as the corporate issuers of securities in our investment portfolio, could also have a similar effect. 
With economic uncertainty, credit quality of issuers or guarantors could be adversely affected. Any event reducing the value of 
these securities other than on a temporary basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results 
of operations.

Our  investments  are  reflected  within  the  consolidated  financial  statements  utilizing  different  accounting  bases  and 
accordingly  we  may  not  have  recognized  differences,  which  may  be  significant,  between  cost  and  fair  value  in  our 
consolidated financial statements.

Our principal investments are in fixed maturity and equity securities, short-term investments, mortgage loans, policy 

loans, funds withheld at interest and other invested assets. The carrying value of such investments is as follows:

• 

• 

Fixed maturity and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at their estimated fair value. 
Unrealized investment gains and losses on these securities are recorded as a separate component of accumulated 
other comprehensive income or loss, net of related deferred acquisition costs and deferred income taxes.
Short-term investments include investments with remaining maturities of one year or less, but greater than three 
months, at the time of acquisition and are stated at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.

•  Mortgage and policy loans are stated at unpaid principal balance. Additionally, mortgage loans are adjusted for any 

unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or expenses, net of valuation allowances.
Funds  withheld  at  interest  represent  amounts  contractually  withheld  by  ceding  companies  in  accordance  with 
reinsurance agreements. The value of the assets withheld and interest income are recorded in accordance with specific 
treaty terms.

• 

•  We use the cost method of accounting for investments in real estate joint ventures and other limited partnership 
interests in which we have a minor equity investment and virtually no influence over the joint ventures or the 
partnership’s operations. The equity method of accounting is used for investments in real estate joint ventures and 
other limited partnership interests in which we have significant influence over the operating and financing decisions 
but are not required to be consolidated. These investments are reflected in other invested assets on the consolidated 
balance sheets.

30

Investments not carried at fair value in our consolidated financial statements — principally, mortgage loans, policy loans, 
real estate joint ventures and other limited partnerships — may have fair values that are substantially higher or lower than the 
carrying value reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Each of such asset classes is regularly evaluated for impairment 
under the accounting guidance appropriate to the respective asset class.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

We may not pay dividends on our common stock.

Our shareholders may not receive future dividends. Historically, we have paid quarterly dividends ranging from $0.027 
per share in 1993 to $0.50 per share in 2017. All future payments of dividends, however, are at the discretion of our board of 
directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, insurance regulatory conditions, operating conditions and such 
other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. The amount of dividends that we can pay will depend in part on the 
operations of our reinsurance subsidiaries. Under certain circumstances, we may be contractually prohibited from paying dividends 
on our common stock due to restrictions associated with certain of our debt securities.

Certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and in Missouri law, may delay or prevent a change in 
control which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Certain provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Missouri corporate law and state insurance 
laws, may delay or prevent a change of control of RGA, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our articles 
of incorporation and bylaws contain some provisions that may make the acquisition of control of RGA without the approval of 
our board of directors more difficult, including provisions relating to the nomination, election and removal of directors, the structure 
of the board of directors and limitations on actions by our shareholders. In addition, Missouri law also imposes some restrictions 
on mergers and other business combinations between RGA and holders of 20% or more of our outstanding common stock.

These provisions may have unintended anti-takeover effects, including to delay or prevent a change in control of RGA, 

which could adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Applicable insurance laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of RGA.

Before a person can acquire control of a U.S. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the 
insurance commission of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. Missouri insurance laws and regulations as well as 
the insurance laws and regulations of California provide that no person may acquire control of us, and thus indirect control of our 
U.S. domiciled reinsurance subsidiaries, including RGA Reinsurance and Aurora National, unless:

• 
• 

such person has provided certain required information to the domiciliary state insurance department; and
such acquisition is approved by the domestic state Director of Insurance, to whom we refer as the Director of Insurance, 
after a public hearing.

Under U.S. state insurance laws and regulations, any person acquiring 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities 

of a corporation, such as our common stock, is presumed to have acquired control of that corporation and its subsidiaries.

Canadian federal insurance laws and regulations provide that no person may directly or indirectly acquire “control” of 

or a “significant interest” in our Canadian insurance subsidiary, RGA Canada, unless:

• 

such person has provided information, material and evidence to the Canadian Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
as required by him; and
such acquisition is approved by the Canadian Minister of Finance.

• 
For this purpose, “significant interest” means the direct or indirect beneficial ownership by a person, or group of persons 

acting in concert, of shares representing 10% or more of a given class, and “control” of an insurance company exists when:

• 

a person, or group of persons acting in concert, beneficially owns or controls an entity that beneficially owns securities, 
such as our common stock, representing more than 50% of the votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors 
and such votes are sufficient to elect a majority of the directors of the insurance company, or
a person has any direct or indirect influence that would result in control in fact of an insurance company.

• 
Similar laws in other countries where we operate limit our ability to effect changes of control for subsidiaries organized 
in such jurisdictions without the approval of local insurance regulatory officials. Prior to granting approval of an application to 
directly or indirectly acquire control of a domestic or foreign insurer, an insurance regulator in any jurisdiction may consider such 
factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity of the applicant’s board of directors and executive officers, the 

31

applicant’s  plans  for  the  future  operations  of  the  domestic  insurer  and  any  anti-competitive  results  that  may  arise  from  the 
consummation of the acquisition of control.

Issuing additional shares may dilute the value or affect the price of our common stock.

Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue any or all authorized but 
unissued shares of our common stock, including securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock and authorized 
but unissued shares under our equity compensation plans. In the future, we may issue such additional securities, through public 
or private offerings, in order to raise additional capital. Any such issuance will dilute the percentage ownership of shareholders 
and may dilute the per share projected earnings or book value of our common stock. In addition, option holders may exercise their 
options at any time when we would otherwise be able to obtain additional equity capital on more favorable terms.

The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.

The overall market and the price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate as a result of many factors in addition 

to those discussed in the preceding risk factors. These factors, some or all of which are beyond our control, include:

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;
changes in expectations as to our future financial performance or changes in financial estimates of securities analysts;
success of our operating and growth strategies;
investor anticipation of strategic and technological threats, whether or not warranted by actual events;
operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; and
realization of any of the risks described in these risk factors or those set forth in any subsequent Annual Report on 
Form 10-K or Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.

In addition, the stock market has historically experienced volatility that often has been unrelated or disproportionate to 
the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the trading 
price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.

The occurrence of various events may adversely affect the ability of RGA and its subsidiaries to fully utilize any net operating 
losses (“NOL”s) and other tax attributes.

RGA and its subsidiaries may, from time to time, have a substantial amount of NOLs and other tax attributes, for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, to offset taxable income and gains. If a corporation experiences an ownership change, it is 
generally subject to an annual limitation, which limits its ability to use its NOLs and other tax attributes. Events outside of our 
control may cause RGA (and, consequently, its subsidiaries) to experience an “ownership change” under Sections 382 and 383 of 
the Internal Revenue Code and the related Treasury regulations, and limit the ability of RGA and its subsidiaries to utilize fully 
such NOLs and other tax attributes.  If we were to experience an ownership change, we could potentially have higher U.S. federal 
income tax liabilities than we would otherwise have had, which would negatively impact our financial condition and results of 
operations.

We could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations and administrative 
practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice, due to economic, political and other 
conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes.  The U.S. 
recently enacted tax reform legislation commonly referred to as the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“U.S. Tax Reform”), 
which among other things, includes changes to U.S. federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the deductibility 
of interest and net operating losses, allows for the expensing of certain capital expenditures and implements a number of changes 
impacting operations outside of the U.S. including, but not limited to, imposing a one-time tax on accumulated post-1986 deferred 
foreign income that has not previously been subject to tax, modifying the treatment of certain intercompany transactions that are 
viewed as eroding the U.S. tax base and imposing a minimum tax on overseas operations that operate in low tax jurisdictions.  

In addition, a number of countries are actively pursuing changes to their tax laws applicable to multinational corporations.  
Foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to U.S. Tax Reform that could result in further changes to global taxation 
and materially affect our financial position and results of operations.

Our ability to minimize additional tax payments by restructuring various aspects of our business operations may be 
hindered by uncertainty regarding U.S. Tax Reform, other new tax laws and future guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, 
foreign taxing authorities or insurance regulators.  For instance, the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting 
bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how U.S. Tax Reform will be applied that is different from our interpretations. We 

32

continue to examine the impact that U.S. Tax Reform and other tax legislation may have on our business. The impact of such tax 
legislation on our financial position and operations is uncertain and could be adverse.

Item 1B.         UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

The Company has no unresolved staff comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item 2.         PROPERTIES

The  Company’s  headquarters  is  located  at  16600  Swingley  Ridge  Road,  Chesterfield,  Missouri,  which  comprises 
approximately 400,000 square feet. In addition, the Company leases approximately 309,000 square feet of office space in 42 
locations throughout the world.

Most of the Company’s leases have terms of three to five years; while some leases have longer terms, none exceed 15 
years.  As provided in Note 12 – “Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
the rental expense on operating leases for office space and equipment totaled $15.7 million for 2017.

The Company believes its facilities have been generally well maintained and are in good operating condition. The 

Company believes the facilities are sufficient for its current requirements.

Item 3.         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is subject to litigation in the normal course of its business. The Company currently has no material litigation. 
A legal reserve is established when the Company is notified of an arbitration demand or litigation or is notified that an arbitration 
demand or litigation is imminent, it is probable that the Company will incur a loss as a result and the amount of the probable loss 
is reasonably capable of being estimated.

Item 4.         MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

33

PART II

Item 5.         MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Insurance companies are subject to statutory regulations that restrict the payment of dividends. See Item 1 under the 
caption Regulation – “Restrictions on Dividends and Distributions”. See Item 8, Note 18 – “Equity” in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for information regarding board-approved stock repurchase plans.  See Item 12 for information about the 
Company’s compensation plans.

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under 
the symbol “RGA”. On January 31, 2018, there were 26,844 stockholders of record of RGA’s common stock and 64.5 million
shares outstanding.  The following table presents the high and low closing prices for the common stock on the New York Stock 
Exchange during the periods indicated and the dividends declared per share during such periods:

Period
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter

2017

Low
122.70
122.13
127.52
140.60

$

$

High

132.25
130.52
141.19
164.17

Dividends
Declared

$

0.41
0.41
0.50
0.50

$

High

96.36
99.29
110.08
128.28

2016

Low

Dividends
Declared

$

$

78.61
90.26
93.44
107.00

0.37
0.37
0.41
0.41

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
2017:

The following table summarizes RGA’s repurchase activity of its common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 

Total Number of 

Shares

Purchased (1)

Average Price 
Paid per   
Share

Total Number of 

Shares

Purchased as Part of

Publicly 

Announced Plans

or Programs

Maximum Number (or
Approximate Dollar
Value) of Shares that 

Yet Be Purchased 

May

Under

the Plan or Program

October 1, 2017 -
October 31, 2017
November 1, 2017 -
November 30, 2017
December 1, 2017 -
December 31, 2017

1,171

11,936

865

$

$

$

143.21

154.26

160.56

— $

— $

— $

373,103,074

373,103,074

373,103,074

 
(1)  RGA had no repurchases of common stock under its share repurchase program during October, November and December 2017.  The Company net settled 
- issuing 3,705, 28,520 and 3,594 shares from treasury and repurchasing from recipients 1,171, 11,936 and 865 shares in October, November and December 
2017, respectively, in settlement of income tax withholding requirements incurred by the recipients of equity incentive awards.

34

Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return

Set forth below is a graph for the Company’s common stock for the period beginning December 31, 2012 and ending 
December 31, 2017, assuming $100 was invested on December 31, 2012. The graph compares the cumulative total return on the 
Company’s common stock, based on the market price of the common stock and assuming reinvestment of dividends, with the 
cumulative total return of companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index and the Standard & Poor’s Insurance (Life/Health) 
Index. The indices are included for comparative purposes only. They do not necessarily reflect management’s opinion that such 
indices are an appropriate measure of the relative performance of the Company’s common stock, and are not intended to forecast 
or be indicative of future performance of the common stock.

 
 
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
S & P 500
S & P Life & Health Insurance

Base Period

12/12

12/13

12/14

12/15

12/16

12/17

Cumulative Total Return

$

$

100.00
100.00
100.00

$

147.04
132.39
163.48

$

169.10
150.51
166.66

$

167.63
152.59
156.14

$

250.55
170.84
194.96

314.65
208.14
226.98

35

Item 6.         SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following selected financial data has been derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements. 
The consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated balance 
sheet data at December 31, 2017 and 2016 have been derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements 
included elsewhere herein. The consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the 
consolidated balance sheet data at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from the Company’s audited consolidated 
financial  statements  not  included  herein.  The  selected  financial  data  set  forth  below  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with 
“Management’s  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations”  and  the  consolidated  financial 
statements and related notes included elsewhere herein.

Selected Consolidated Financial and Operating Data
(in millions, except per share and operating data)

 
Income Statement Data
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net:

Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed
maturity securities
Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed
maturity securities transferred to (from) other
comprehensive income
Other investment related gains (losses), net

Total investment related gains (losses), net

Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance
expenses
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
Collateral finance and securitization expense

Total benefits and expenses

Income before income taxes

Provision for income taxes(1)

Net income
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Weighted average diluted shares, in thousands
Dividends per share on common stock
Balance Sheet Data
Total investments
Total assets
Policy liabilities(2)
Long-term debt
Collateral finance and securitization notes
Total stockholders’ equity
Total stockholders’ equity per share
Operating Data (in billions)
Assumed ordinary life reinsurance in force
Assumed new business production

2017

As of or For the Years Ended December 31,
2016
2014

2015

2013

$

9,841.1
2,154.7

$

9,248.9
1,911.9

$

8,570.7
1,734.5

$

8,669.9
1,713.7

$

8,254.0
1,699.9

(42.6)

(38.8)

(57.4)

(7.8)

(12.7)

—
210.5
167.9
352.1
12,515.8

8,518.9
502.1

1,466.7
710.7
146.0
28.6
11,373.0
1,142.8
(679.4)
1,822.2

28.28
27.71
65,753
1.82

51,691.2
60,514.8
43,583.0
2,788.4
783.9
9,569.5
148.48

$

$

$

$

0.1
132.9
94.2
266.5
11,521.5

7,993.4
364.7

1,310.6
645.5
137.6
25.8
10,477.6
1,043.9
342.5
701.4

10.91
10.79
64,989
1.56

44,841.3
53,097.9
37,874.0
3,088.6
840.7
7,093.1
110.31

$

$

$

$

—
(107.3)
(164.7)
277.7
10,418.2

7,489.4
337.0

1,127.5
554.0
142.9
22.6
9,673.4
744.8
242.6
502.2

7.55
7.46
67,292
1.40

41,978.3
50,383.2
37,370.8
2,297.5
899.2
6,135.4
94.09

$

$

$

$

—
194.0
186.2
334.4
10,904.2

7,406.7
451.0

1,391.4
538.4
96.7
11.5
9,895.7
1,008.5
324.5
684.0

9.88
9.78
69,962
1.26

36,696.1
44,654.3
30,892.2
2,297.7
774.0
7,023.5
102.13

$

$

$

$

$

3,297.3
395.4

$

3,062.5
404.8

$

2,995.1
491.0

$

2,943.5
482.0

(0.2)
76.9
64.0
300.5
10,318.4

7,304.3
476.5

1,300.8
466.7
124.3
10.5
9,683.1
635.3
216.4
418.9

5.82
5.78
72,461
1.08

32,441.1
39,652.4
28,386.1
2,196.1
480.9
5,935.5
83.87

2,889.9
370.4

$

$

$

$

$

(1)  2017 includes the effect of U.S. Tax Reform.  See Note 9 - “Income Tax” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
(2)  Policy liabilities include future policy benefits, interest-sensitive contract liabilities, and other policy claims and benefits.

36

Item 7.         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995 including, among others, statements relating to projections of the strategies, earnings, revenues, income or loss, ratios, future 
financial performance, and growth potential of the Company. The words “intend,” “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “predict,” 
“anticipate,” “should,” “believe,” and other similar expressions also are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events 
and actual results, performance, and achievements could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying 
the forward-looking statements.

Numerous important factors could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
by forward-looking statements including, without limitation, (1) adverse capital and credit market conditions and their impact on 
the Company’s liquidity, access to capital and cost of capital, (2) the impairment of other financial institutions and its effect on 
the Company’s business, (3) requirements to post collateral or make payments due to declines in market value of assets subject 
to the Company’s collateral arrangements, (4) the fact that the determination of allowances and impairments taken on the Company’s 
investments is highly subjective, (5) adverse changes in mortality, morbidity, lapsation or claims experience, (6) changes in the 
Company’s financial strength and credit ratings and the effect of such changes on the Company’s future results of operations and 
financial condition, (7) inadequate risk analysis and underwriting, (8) general economic conditions or a prolonged economic 
downturn affecting the demand for insurance and reinsurance in the Company’s current and planned markets, (9) the availability 
and cost of collateral necessary for regulatory reserves and capital, (10) market or economic conditions that adversely affect the 
value of the Company’s investment securities or result in the impairment of all or a portion of the value of certain of the Company’s 
investment securities, that in turn could affect regulatory capital, (11) market or economic conditions that adversely affect the 
Company’s ability to make timely sales of investment securities, (12) risks inherent in the Company’s risk management and 
investment strategy, including changes in investment portfolio yields due to interest rate or credit quality changes, (13) fluctuations 
in U.S. or foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, or securities and real estate markets, (14) adverse litigation or arbitration 
results, (15) the adequacy of reserves, resources and accurate information relating to settlements, awards and terminated and 
discontinued lines of business, (16) the stability of and actions by governments and economies in the markets in which the Company 
operates,  including  ongoing  uncertainties  regarding  the  amount  of  U.S.  sovereign  debt  and  the  credit  ratings  thereof, 
(17) competitive factors and competitors’ responses to the Company’s initiatives, (18) the success of the Company’s clients, 
(19) successful execution of the Company’s entry into new markets, (20) successful development and introduction of new products 
and  distribution opportunities, (21) the  Company’s  ability to  successfully integrate acquired  blocks  of  business  and  entities, 
(22) action by regulators who have authority over the Company’s reinsurance operations in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
(23) the Company’s dependence on third parties, including those insurance companies and reinsurers to which the Company cedes 
some reinsurance, third-party investment managers and others, (24) the threat of natural disasters, catastrophes, terrorist attacks, 
epidemics or pandemics anywhere in the world where the Company or its clients do business, (25) interruption or failure of the 
Company’s  telecommunication,  information  technology  or  other  operational  systems,  or  the  Company’s  failure  to  maintain 
adequate security to protect the confidentiality or privacy of personal or sensitive data stored on such systems, (26) changes in 
laws, regulations, and accounting standards applicable to the Company, its subsidiaries, or its business, (27) the benefits or burdens 
associated with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 may be different than expected, (28) the effect of the Company’s status as an 
insurance holding company and regulatory restrictions on its ability to pay principal of and interest on its debt obligations, and 
(29) other risks and uncertainties described in this document and in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”).

Forward-looking statements should be evaluated together with the many risks and uncertainties that affect the Company’s 
business, including those mentioned in this document and described in the periodic reports the Company files with the SEC. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligations 
to update these forward-looking statements, even though the Company’s situation may change in the future.  For a discussion of 
these risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking 
statements, you are advised to see Item 1A – “Risk Factors”.

Overview

The Company is among the leading global providers of life reinsurance and financial solutions, with $3.3 trillion of life 
reinsurance in force and assets of $60.5 billion as of December 31, 2017.  The Company’s historical approach to the reinsurance 
market has been to focus on large, high-quality life insurers as clients, provide quality facultative underwriting and automatic 
reinsurance capacity while delivering responsive and flexible service to its clients.

The Company’s underwriting expertise and industry knowledge has allowed it to expand into international markets and 
now has operations in over 25 countries including locations in Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East region and Africa. The 

37

Company generally starts operations from the ground up in new markets as opposed to acquiring existing operations, and it often 
enters new markets to support its North American clients as they expand internationally. Based on the compilation of information 
from competitors’ annual reports, the Company believes it is the third-largest global life and health reinsurer in the world based 
on 2016 life and health reinsurance premiums. The Company conducts business with the majority of the largest U.S. and international 
life insurance companies. The Company has also developed its capacity and expertise in the reinsurance of longevity risks, asset-
intensive products (primarily annuities and corporate-owned life insurance) and financial reinsurance.

The Company provides traditional reinsurance and financial solutions to its clients. Traditional reinsurance includes 
individual and group life and health, disability, and critical illness reinsurance.  Financial solutions includes longevity reinsurance, 
asset-intensive reinsurance, and financial reinsurance. The Company derives revenues primarily from renewal premiums from 
existing reinsurance treaties, new business premiums from existing or new reinsurance treaties, fee income from financial solutions 
business and income earned on invested assets.

Historically,  the  Company’s  primary  business  has  been  traditional  life  reinsurance,  which  involves  reinsuring  life 
insurance policies that are often in force for the remaining lifetime of the underlying individuals insured, with premiums earned 
typically over a period of 10 to 30 years. Each year, however, a portion of the business under existing treaties terminates due to, 
among other things, lapses or voluntary surrenders of underlying policies, deaths of insureds, and the exercise of recapture options 
by ceding companies.  The Company has expanded its financial solutions business, including significant asset-intensive and 
longevity risk transactions, which allow its clients to take advantage of growth opportunities and manage their capital, longevity 
and investment risk.

The Company’s long-term profitability largely depends on the volume and amount of death- and health-related claims 
incurred and the ability to adequately price the risks it assumes. While death claims are reasonably predictable over a period of 
many years, claims become less predictable over shorter periods and are subject to significant fluctuation from quarter to quarter 
and year to year. Additionally, the Company generates profits on investment spreads associated with the reinsurance of investment 
type contracts and generates fees from financial reinsurance transactions which are typically shorter duration than its traditional 
life reinsurance business.  The Company believes its sources of liquidity are sufficient to cover potential claims payments on both 
a short-term and long-term basis.

Segment Presentation 

The Company has geographic-based and business-based operational segments. Geographic-based operations are further 

segmented into traditional and financial solutions businesses. 

The Company allocates capital to its segments based on an internally developed economic capital model, the purpose of 
which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a consistent basis upon which capital is deployed. The economic capital 
model considers the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in RGA’s businesses. As a result of the economic capital 
allocation process, a portion of investment income is credited to the segments based on the level of allocated capital. In addition, 
the segments are charged for excess capital utilized above the allocated economic capital basis. This charge is included in policy 
acquisition costs and other insurance expenses. Segment investment performance varies with the composition of investments and 
the relative allocation of capital to the operating segments.

Segment revenue levels can be significantly influenced by currency fluctuations, large transactions, mix of business and 
reporting practices of ceding companies, and therefore may fluctuate from period to period.  Although reasonably predictable over 
a period of years, segment claims experience can be volatile over shorter periods. See “Results of Operations by Segment” below 
for further information about the Company’s segments.

38

Industry Trends

The Company believes that the following trends in the life insurance industry will continue to create demand for life 

reinsurance.

Outsourcing of Mortality.  The Company believes life insurance companies will continue to utilize reinsurance to manage 
capital and mortality risk and to develop competitive products. The Company believes there has been a decline in the percentage 
of new business being reinsured in recent years, which has caused premium growth rates in the U.S. life reinsurance market to 
moderate. The Company believes a decline in new business being reinsured is likely a reaction by ceding companies to a broad-
based increase in reinsurance rates in the market, stronger capital positions maintained by ceding companies in recent years and 
a desire by ceding companies to adjust their risk profiles. However, the Company believes reinsurers will continue to be an integral 
part of the life insurance market due to their ability to efficiently aggregate a significant volume of life insurance in force, creating 
economies of scale and greater diversification of risk. As a result of having larger amounts of data at their disposal compared to 
primary life insurance companies, reinsurers tend to have better insights into mortality trends, creating more efficient pricing for 
mortality risk.

Capital Management. Changing regulatory environments, most notably in Europe, rating agencies and competitive 

business pressures are causing life insurers to evaluate reinsurance as a means to:

•  manage risk-based capital by shifting mortality and other risks to reinsurers, thereby reducing amounts of reserves 

and capital they need to maintain;
release capital to pursue new business initiatives;
unlock the capital supporting, and value embedded in, non-core product lines; and
exit certain lines of business.

• 
• 
• 
Consolidation and Reorganization within the Life Reinsurance and Life Insurance Industry. As a result of consolidations 
over the last decade within the life reinsurance industry, there are fewer competitors.  As a consequence, the Company believes 
the life reinsurance pricing environment will remain attractive for the remaining life reinsurers, particularly those with a significant 
market presence and strong ratings.

Additionally, merger and acquisition transactions within the life insurance industry continue to occur. The Company 
believes that reorganizations and consolidations of life insurers will continue. As reinsurance services are used to facilitate these 
transactions and manage risk, the Company expects demand for its products to continue.

Changing Demographics of Insured Populations. The aging of the population in North America is increasing demand 
for financial products among “baby boomers” who are concerned about protecting their peak income stream and are considering 
retirement and estate planning. The Company believes that this trend is likely to result in continuing demand for annuity products 
and life insurance policies, larger face amounts of life insurance policies and higher mortality and longevity risk taken by life 
insurers, all of which should fuel the need for insurers to seek reinsurance coverage. The Company continues to follow a two-part 
business strategy to capitalize on industry trends.

1) Continue Growth of North American Mortality Business. The Company’s strategy includes continuing to grow each 

of the following components of its North American mortality operations:

• 

Facultative  Reinsurance.  Based  on  discussions  with  the  Company’s  clients,  an  industry  survey  and  informal 
knowledge about the industry, the Company believes it is a leader in facultative underwriting in North America. The 
Company intends to maintain that status by emphasizing its underwriting standards, prompt response on quotes, 
competitive pricing, capacity, value added services and flexibility in meeting customer needs. The Company believes 
its facultative business has allowed it to develop close, long-standing client relationships and generate additional 
business opportunities with its facultative clients.

• 

•  Automatic Reinsurance. The Company intends to expand its presence in the North American automatic reinsurance 

market by using its mortality expertise and breadth of products and services to gain additional market share.
In Force Block Reinsurance. Increasingly, there are occasions to grow the business by reinsuring in force blocks, as 
insurers and reinsurers seek to exit various non-core businesses and increase financial flexibility in order to, among 
other things, redeploy capital and pursue merger and acquisition activity. The Company continually seeks these types 
of opportunities. 

2) Continue Growth in Selected International Markets and Products. The Company’s strategy includes building upon 
the expertise and relationships developed in its North American business platform to continue its growth in selected international 
markets and products, including:

• 

International Markets. Management believes that international markets continue to offer opportunities for long-term 
growth, and the Company intends to capitalize on these opportunities by growing its presence in selected markets. 
Since 1994, the Company has entered new markets internationally, including, in the mid-to-late 1990s, Australia, 

39

Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain, Taiwan and the UK, and beginning in 2002, China, 
India and South Korea. The Company received regulatory approval to open a representative office in China in 2005 
and received its branch license there in 2014; opened representative offices in Poland and Germany in 2006; opened 
new offices in France and Italy in 2007; opened a representative office in the Netherlands in 2009; and commenced 
operations in the UAE in 2011 and in Brazil in 2015. Before entering new markets, the Company evaluates several 
factors including:

 
 
 
 
 
 

the size of the insured population,
competition,
the level of reinsurance penetration,
regulation,
existing clients with a presence in the market, and
the economic, social and political environment.

As previously indicated, the Company generally starts new operations in these markets from the ground up as opposed 
to acquiring existing operations, and it often enters these markets to support its large international clients as they 
expand into additional markets. Many of the markets that the Company has entered since 1994, or may enter in the 
future, are not utilizing life reinsurance, including facultative life reinsurance, at the same levels as the North American 
market,  and  therefore,  the  Company  believes  these  markets  represent  opportunities  for  increasing  reinsurance 
penetration. In particular, management believes markets such as Japan, Southeast Asia and South Korea are beginning 
to realize the benefits that reinsurers bring to the life insurance market. Markets such as China and India represent 
longer-term opportunities for growth as the underlying direct life insurance markets grow to meet the needs of 
growing middle-class populations. Additionally, the Company believes that regulatory changes (e.g., Solvency II) 
in European markets may cause ceding companies to reduce counterparty exposure to their existing life reinsurers 
and reinsure more business, creating opportunities for the Company.

•  Asset-intensive and Longevity Reinsurance and Other Products. The Company intends to continue leveraging its 
existing client relationships and reinsurance expertise to create customized reinsurance products and solutions. 
Industry trends, particularly the increased pace of consolidation and reorganization among life insurance companies 
and changes in products and product distribution along with new solvency requirements, are expected to enhance 
existing opportunities for asset-intensive and longevity reinsurance and financial solutions products. The Company 
began reinsuring annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits on a limited basis in 2007. To date, most of the 
Company’s  asset-intensive  reinsurance  business  has  been  written  in  the  U.S.  and  the  UK;  however,  additional 
opportunities outside of the U.S. continue to develop. The Company also provides longevity reinsurance in Europe 
and Canada, and in 2008 entered the U.S. healthcare reinsurance market with a primary focus on long-term care and 
Medicare  supplement  insurance.   Additionally,  the  Company  is  experiencing  growth  in  health  related  product 
offerings, such as critical illness, most notably in select Asian markets.  In 2010, the Company expanded into the 
group reinsurance market in North America with the acquisition of Reliastar Life Insurance Company’s U.S. and 
Canada operations.

40

Consolidated Results of Operations

The following table summarizes net income for the periods presented.

 
 
Revenues
Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net:

Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed maturity securities
Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed maturity securities
transferred to (from) accumulated other comprehensive income
Other investment related gains (losses), net

Total investment related gains (losses), net

Other revenues
Total revenues

Benefits and expenses
Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
Collateral finance and securitization expense

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes

Net income
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Dividends declared per share

For  the years ended December 31,                
2015

2016

2017

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

$

9,841,130
2,154,651

$

9,248,871
1,911,886

$

(42,639)

(38,805)

—
210,519
167,880
352,108
12,515,769

8,518,917
502,040
1,466,646
710,690
146,025
28,636
11,372,954
1,142,815
(679,366)
1,822,181

28.28
27.71
1.82

$

$

$

74
132,926
94,195
266,559
11,521,511

7,993,375
364,691
1,310,540
645,509
137,623
25,827
10,477,565
1,043,946
342,503
701,443

10.91
10.79
1.56

$

$

$

$

$

$

8,570,741
1,734,495

(57,380)

—
(107,370)
(164,750)
277,692
10,418,178

7,489,382
336,964
1,127,486
554,044
142,863
22,644
9,673,383
744,795
242,629
502,166

7.55
7.46
1.40

Consolidated net income increased $1.1 billion, or 159.8%, and $199.3 million, or 39.7%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
Diluted earnings per share were $27.71 in 2017 compared to $10.79 in 2016 and $7.46 in 2015. As a result of the U.S. corporate 
income tax rate being reduced from 35 percent to 21 percent as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“U.S. Tax Reform”), 
a net tax benefit was recorded in 2017 of approximately $1.0 billion or $15.72 per diluted share, primarily related to the revaluation 
of the Company’s net deferred tax liabilities. The estimated impact of U.S. Tax Reform is based on the best information currently 
available and may change as a result of changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made.

Consolidated income before income taxes increased $98.9 million, or 9.5%, and $299.2 million, or 40.2% in 2017 and 
2016, respectively. The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to higher investment income, increased 
other revenues and improved claims experience in Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) partially offset by higher interest 
expense. The increase in investment income is discussed below, the increase in other revenues is largely due to recapture fees as 
discussed within the Asia Pacific section.  The increase in interest expense is discussed within the Corporate and Other section.  
The increase in income before income taxes in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in investment related gains, higher investment 
income and improved mortality experience in the U.S. operations compared to the prior year.

The increases in investment related gains reflect changes in the fair value of embedded derivatives on modco or funds 
withheld treaties in 2017 and 2016, primarily due to changes in credit spreads.  The effect of the change in fair value of these 
embedded derivatives on income is discussed below.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations resulted in decreases to income 
before income taxes of approximately $1.4 million and $28.9 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

The Company recognizes in consolidated income any changes in the value of embedded derivatives on modco or funds 
withheld treaties, equity-indexed annuity treaties (“EIAs”) and variable annuity products. The combined changes in these three 
types of embedded derivatives, after adjustment for deferred acquisition costs and retrocession, resulted in an increase to income 
before income taxes of $209.6 million and $43.7 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, as compared to the prior years.  These 
fluctuations  do  not  affect  current  cash  flows,  crediting  rates  or  spread  performance  on  the  underlying  treaties.  Therefore, 
management believes it is helpful to distinguish between the effects of changes in these embedded derivatives, net of related 

41

hedging activity, and the primary factors that drive profitability of the underlying treaties, namely investment income, fee income, 
and interest credited.  The individual effect on income before income taxes for these three types of embedded derivatives is as 
follows:

•  The change in the value of embedded derivatives related to reinsurance treaties written on a modco or funds withheld 
basis are subject to the general accounting principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives.  The 
unrealized gains and losses associated with these embedded derivatives, after adjustment for deferred acquisition costs, 
increased income before income taxes by $60.3 million and $54.1 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, as compared 
to the prior years.

•  Changes in risk-free rates used in the fair value estimates of embedded derivatives associated with EIAs affect the amount 
of unrealized gains and losses the Company recognizes.  The unrealized gains and losses associated with EIAs, after 
adjustment for deferred acquisition costs and retrocession, increased income before income taxes by $3.4 million and 
$8.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, as compared to the prior years.

•  The change in the Company’s liability for variable annuities associated with guaranteed minimum living benefits affects 
the amount of unrealized gains and losses the Company recognizes.  The unrealized gains and losses associated with 
guaranteed minimum living benefits, after adjustment for deferred acquisition costs, increased income before income 
taxes by $145.9 million in 2017 and decreased income by $18.8 million in 2016, as compared to the prior years.  After 
consideration of the change in fair value of freestanding derivatives used to hedge this liability, income before income 
taxes increased by $15.5 million in 2017 and decreased by $19.4 million in 2016, as compared to the prior years.

Consolidated net premiums increased $592.3 million, or 6.4%, and $678.1 million, or 7.9%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
The increases in 2017 and 2016 are primarily due to growth in life reinsurance in force.  In addition, the increase in 2016 reflects 
large in force block transactions entered into during the latter part of 2015, partially offset by adverse foreign currency fluctuations.  
Foreign currency fluctuations relative to the prior year affected net premiums favorably by approximately $25.9 million in 2017 
and unfavorably by $172.2 million in 2016.  Consolidated assumed life insurance in force was $3,297.3 billion, $3,062.5 billion 
and $2,995.1 billion as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Foreign currency fluctuations affected the increases 
in assumed life insurance in force favorably by $121.1 billion in 2017 and unfavorably by $68.0 billion 2016. The Company added 
new business production, measured by face amount of insurance in force, of $395.4 billion, $404.8 billion and $491.0 billion 
during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Consolidated investment income, net of related expenses, increased $242.8 million, or 12.7%, and $177.4 million, or 
10.2%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to increases in the average invested asset base.  Investment income reflects 
market value changes related to the Company’s funds withheld at interest investment associated with the reinsurance of certain 
EIAs, which contributed $117.0 million and $23.4 million to the increases in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The effect on investment 
income of the EIAs’ market value changes is substantially offset by a corresponding change in interest credited to policyholder 
account balances resulting in an insignificant effect on net income.

The average invested assets at amortized cost, excluding spread related business, totaled $25.2 billion, $23.2 billion and 
$20.8 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The average yield earned on investments, excluding spread related business, 
was 4.55%, 4.57% and 4.82% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The yield in 2015 benefited from the cumulative effect of 
income related to a funds withheld transaction executed in the fourth quarter of 2015 within the U.S. and Latin America Traditional 
segment, retroactive to the beginning of the year. The average yield will vary from year to year depending on a number of variables, 
including the prevailing interest rate and credit spread environment, prepayment fees and make-whole premiums, changes in the 
mix of the underlying investments and cash balances, and the timing of dividends and distributions on certain investments.  
Investment income in 2017 benefited from a higher level of bond make-whole premiums and distributions from joint ventures 
and limited partnerships. A continued low interest rate environment is expected to put downward pressure on this yield in future 
reporting periods.

Total investment related gains (losses), net, improved by $73.7 million, or 78.2%, and $258.9 million, or 157.2% in 2017 
and 2016, respectively. These improvements are primarily due to a favorable changes in the value of embedded derivatives related 
to reinsurance treaties written on a modco or funds withheld basis of $90.6 million and $152.9 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Investment impairments on fixed maturity securities increased by $3.8 million in 2017 and decreased by $18.6 million in 2016, 
compared to the prior years. See Note 4 - “Investments” and Note 5 - “Derivative Instruments” in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information on investment related gains (losses), net, and derivatives.  Investment income is 
allocated to the operating segments based upon average assets and related capital levels deemed appropriate to support segment 
operations.

The effective tax rate on a consolidated basis was (59.4%), 32.8%, and 32.6% for 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  
The 2017 effective tax rate includes the tax effects of the aforementioned U.S. Tax Reform.  The Company recorded an estimated 
net tax benefit of approximately $1.0 billion resulting in a reduction to the effective tax rate of 90.4%.  Due to the complexity of 

42

the new global intangible low tax income (“GILTI”) tax rules, as well as the new base erosion anti-abuse tax (“BEAT”), the 
Company is continuing to evaluate the effect of these taxes on the future effective tax rate.  Notwithstanding the aforementioned 
complexities, the Company does not expect the GILTI and BEAT to have a material adverse effect on the effective tax rate; 
moreover, as result of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, the Company expects a lower overall 
effective tax rate in future years.

 
The  2016  and  2015  effective  tax  rates  are  affected  by  earnings  of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries  in  which  the  Company  is 
permanently reinvested whose statutory tax rates are less than the U.S. statutory tax rate of 35.0%, tax benefits related to the release 
of uncertain tax positions and differences in tax bases in foreign jurisdictions. Canada and UK statutory rates are less than the 
U.S. statutory rate resulting in the legal entities in these jurisdictions giving rise to the majority of the foreign rate differential. 
See Note 9 - “Income Tax” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company’s 
consolidated effective tax rate.

Critical Accounting Policies

The Company’s accounting policies are described in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes its most critical accounting policies include the establishment of 
premiums receivable; amortization of deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”); the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits 
and incurred but not reported claims; the valuation of  investments and  investment impairments; the valuation of embedded 
derivatives; and accounting for income taxes. The balances of these accounts require extensive use of assumptions and estimates, 
particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business.

Differences in experience compared with the assumptions and estimates utilized in establishing premiums receivable, 
the justification of the recoverability of DAC, in establishing reserves for future policy benefits and claim liabilities, or in the 
determination of other-than-temporary impairments to investment securities can have a material effect on the Company’s results 
of operations and financial condition.
Premiums Receivable

Premiums are accrued when due and in accordance with information received from the ceding company. When the 
Company enters into a new reinsurance agreement, it records accruals based on the terms of the reinsurance treaty. Similarly, when 
a ceding company fails to report information on a timely basis, the Company records accruals based on the terms of the reinsurance 
treaty as well as historical experience. Other management estimates include adjustments for increased insurance in force on existing 
treaties, lapsed premiums given historical experience, the financial health of specific ceding companies, collateral value and the 
legal right of offset on related amounts (i.e. allowances and claims) owed to the ceding company. Under the legal right of offset 
provisions in its reinsurance treaties, the Company can withhold payments for allowances and claims from unpaid premiums.
Deferred Acquisition Costs
 
Costs of acquiring new business, which vary with and are directly related to the production of new business, have been 
deferred to the extent that such costs are deemed recoverable from future premiums or gross profits. Such costs include commissions 
and allowances as well as certain costs of policy issuance and underwriting. Non-commission costs related to the acquisition of 
new and renewal insurance contracts may be deferred only if they meet the following criteria:

• 
• 

Incremental direct costs of a successful contract acquisition.
Portions of employees’ salaries and benefits directly related to time spent performing specified acquisition activities 
for a contract that has been acquired or renewed.

•  Other costs directly related to the specified acquisition or renewal activities that would not have been incurred had 

that acquisition contract transaction not occurred.

 
The Company tests the recoverability for each year of business at issue before establishing additional DAC. The Company 
also performs annual tests to establish that DAC remain recoverable at all times, and if financial performance significantly 
deteriorates to the point where a deficiency exists, a cumulative charge to current operations will be recorded. No such adjustments 
related to DAC recoverability were made in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
 
DAC related to traditional life insurance contracts are amortized with interest over the premium-paying period of the 
related policies in proportion to the ratio of individual period premium revenues to total anticipated premium revenues over the 
life of the policy. Such anticipated premium revenues are estimated using the same assumptions used for computing liabilities for 
future policy benefits.
 
DAC related to interest-sensitive life and investment-type policies are amortized over the lives of the policies, in proportion 
to the actual and estimated gross profits expected to be realized from mortality, investment income less interest credited, and 
expense margins.

43

Liabilities for Future Policy Benefits and Incurred but not Reported Claims

Liabilities for future policy benefits under long-term life insurance policies (policy reserves) are computed based upon 
expected investment yields, mortality and withdrawal (lapse) rates, and other assumptions, including a provision for adverse 
deviation from expected claim levels. The Company primarily relies on its own valuation and administration systems to establish 
policy reserves. The policy reserves the Company establishes may differ from those established by the ceding companies due to 
the use of different mortality and other assumptions. However, the Company relies upon its ceding company clients to provide 
accurate data, including policy-level information, premiums and claims, which is the primary information used to establish reserves. 
The Company’s administration departments work directly with clients to help ensure information is submitted in accordance with 
the reinsurance contracts. Additionally, the Company performs periodic audits of the information provided by clients. The Company 
establishes reserves for processing backlogs with a goal of clearing all backlogs within a ninety-day period. The backlogs are 
usually due to data errors the Company discovers or computer file compatibility issues, since much of the data reported to the 
Company is in electronic format and is uploaded to its computer systems.

The Company periodically reviews actual historical experience and relative anticipated experience compared to the 
assumptions used to establish aggregate policy reserves. Further, the Company establishes premium deficiency reserves if actual 
and  anticipated  experience  indicates  that  existing  aggregate  policy  reserves,  together  with  the  present  value  of  future  gross 
premiums,  are  not  sufficient  to  cover  the  present  value  of  future  benefits,  settlement  and  maintenance  costs  and  to  recover 
unamortized acquisition costs. The premium deficiency reserve is established through a charge to income, as well as a reduction 
to unamortized acquisition costs and, to the extent there are no unamortized acquisition costs, an increase to future policy benefits. 
Because of the many assumptions and estimates used in establishing reserves and the long-term nature of the Company’s reinsurance 
contracts, the reserving process, while based on actuarial science, is inherently uncertain. If the Company’s assumptions, particularly 
on mortality, are inaccurate, its reserves may be inadequate to pay claims and there could be a material adverse effect on its results 
of operations and financial condition.

Claims payable for incurred but not reported losses are determined using case-basis estimates and lag studies of past 
experience. The time lag from the date of the claim or death to the date when the ceding company reports the claim to the Company 
can be several months and can vary significantly by ceding company, business segment and product type. Incurred but not reported 
claims are estimates on an undiscounted basis, using actuarial estimates of historical claims expense, adjusted for current trends 
and  conditions. These  estimates  are  continually  reviewed  and  the  ultimate  liability  may  vary  significantly  from  the  amount 
recognized, which are reflected in net income in the period in which they are determined.
Valuation of Investments and Other-than-Temporary Impairments

The Company primarily invests in fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, short-term investments, and other invested 
assets. For investments reported at fair value, the Company utilizes, when available, fair values based on quoted prices in active 
markets that are regularly and readily obtainable. Generally, these are very liquid investments and the valuation does not require 
management judgment. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is based on market valuation techniques, 
market comparable pricing and the income approach. The Company may utilize information from third parties, such as pricing 
services and brokers, to assist in determining the fair value for certain investments; however, management is ultimately responsible 
for all fair values presented in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. This includes responsibility for monitoring the 
fair value process, ensuring objective and reliable valuation practices and pricing of assets and liabilities, and approving changes 
to valuation methodologies and pricing sources. The selection of the valuation technique(s) to apply considers the definition of 
an exit price and the nature of the investment being valued and significant expertise and judgment is required.

Fixed maturity securities are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on 
fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale, less applicable deferred income taxes as well as related adjustments to 
deferred acquisition costs, if applicable, are reflected as a direct charge or credit to accumulated other comprehensive income 
(“AOCI”) in stockholders’ equity on the consolidated balance sheets.

See “Investments” in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and Note 6 – “Fair Value of Assets and 
Liabilities”  in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  regarding  the  valuation  of  the 
Company’s investments.

Mortgage loans on real estate are carried at unpaid principal balances, net of any unamortized premium or discount and 
valuation allowances. For a discussion regarding the valuation allowance for mortgage loans see “Mortgage Loans on Real Estate” 
in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

In addition, investments are subject to impairment reviews to identify when a decline in value is other-than-temporary. 
Other-than-temporary impairment losses related to non-credit factors are recognized in AOCI whereas the credit loss portion is 
recognized in investment related gains (losses), net. See “Other-than-Temporary Impairment” in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the policies regarding other-than-
temporary impairments.

44

Valuation of Embedded Derivatives

The Company reinsures certain annuity products that contain terms that are deemed to be embedded derivatives, primarily 
equity-indexed  annuities  and  variable  annuities  with  guaranteed  minimum  benefits.  The  Company  assesses  each  identified 
embedded derivative to determine whether it is required to be bifurcated under the general accounting principles for Derivatives 
and Hedging. If the instrument would not be reported in its entirety at fair value and it is determined that the terms of the embedded 
derivative are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract, and that a separate instrument 
with the same terms would qualify as a derivative instrument, the embedded derivative is bifurcated from the host contract and 
accounted for as a freestanding derivative. Such embedded derivatives are carried on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value 
with the host contract.

Additionally, reinsurance treaties written on a modified coinsurance or funds withheld basis are subject to the general 
accounting principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives. The majority of the Company’s funds withheld 
at interest balances are associated with its reinsurance of annuity contracts, the majority of which are subject to the general 
accounting principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives. Management believes the embedded derivative 
feature in each of these reinsurance treaties is similar to a total return swap on the assets held by the ceding companies.

The valuation of the various embedded derivatives requires complex calculations based on actuarial and capital markets 
inputs and assumptions related to estimates of future cash flows and interpretations of the primary accounting guidance continue 
to evolve in practice. The valuation of embedded derivatives is sensitive to the investment credit spread environment. Changes in 
investment credit spreads are also affected by the application of a credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”).  The fair value calculation 
of an embedded derivative in an asset position utilizes a CVA based on the ceding company’s credit risk. Conversely, the fair value 
calculation of an embedded derivative in a liability position utilizes a CVA based on the Company’s credit risk. Generally, an 
increase in investment credit spreads, ignoring changes in the CVA, will have a negative impact on the fair value of the embedded 
derivative (decrease in income).  See “Derivative Instruments” in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and 
Note 6 – “Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information 
regarding the valuation of the Company’s embedded derivatives.
Income Taxes

The Company provides for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to 
temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are recognized in net income or 
in certain cases in other comprehensive income. The Company’s accounting for income taxes represents management’s best 
estimate of various events and transactions considering the laws enacted as of the reporting date.  The aforementioned U.S. Tax 
Reform creates additional complexity due to various provisions that require management judgment and assumptions, which are 
subject to change.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of 
assets and liabilities are measured at the reporting date using enacted tax rates in the relevant jurisdictions expected to apply to 
taxable income in the years the temporary differences are expected to reverse.

The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or 
carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. The Company has deferred tax assets related to net 
operating and capital losses. The Company has projected its ability to utilize its U.S. and foreign net operating losses and has 
determined that all of the U.S. losses are expected to be utilized prior to their expiration and established a valuation allowance on 
the portion of the foreign deferred tax assets the Company believes more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not 
be realized.  The Company also has deferred tax assets related to foreign tax credit (“FTC”) carryforwards. The Company established 
a valuation allowance on the FTC carryforwards as the Company no longer expects to realize these credits. 

The Company will establish a valuation allowance if management determines, based on available information, that it is 
more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining whether 
valuation  allowances  should  be  established  as  well  as  the  amount  of  such  allowances.  When  making  such  determination, 
consideration is given to, among other things, the following:
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
(iv) 

future projected taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards;
future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences;
taxable income in prior carryback years; and
tax planning strategies.
Any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year 
these changes occur. The Company accounts for its total liability for uncertain tax positions considering the recognition and 
measurement thresholds established in general accounting principles for income taxes. The tax effects of a position are recognized 
in the consolidated statement of income only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the appropriate 
taxing authority. Unrecognized tax benefits due to tax uncertainties that do not meet the more likely than not criteria are included 

45

within other liabilities and are charged to earnings in the period that such determination is made. The Company classifies interest 
related to tax uncertainties as interest expense whereas penalties related to tax uncertainties are classified as a component of income 
tax.
Results of Operations by Segment
U.S. and Latin America Operations
 
The U.S. and Latin America operations include business generated by its offices in the U.S., Mexico and Brazil. The 
offices in Mexico and Brazil provide services to clients in other Latin American countries.  U.S. and Latin America operations 
consist of two major segments: Traditional and Financial Solutions. The Traditional segment primarily specializes in individual 
mortality-risk reinsurance and to a lesser extent, group, health and long-term care reinsurance. The Financial Solutions segment 
consists  of  Asset-Intensive  and  Financial  Reinsurance.    Asset-Intensive  within  the  Financial  Solutions  segment  provides 
coinsurance of annuities and corporate-owned life insurance policies and to a lesser extent also issues fee-based synthetic guaranteed 
investment contracts, which include investment-only, stable value contracts.  Financial Reinsurance within the Financial Solutions 
segment primarily involves assisting ceding companies in meeting applicable regulatory requirements by enhancing the ceding 
companies’ financial strength and regulatory surplus position through relatively low risk reinsurance transactions.  Typically these 
transactions do not qualify as reinsurance under GAAP, due to the low-risk nature of the transactions, so only the related net fees 
are reflected in other revenues on the consolidated statements of income.
 

For the year ended December 31, 2017

 
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2016

 
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

 

$

$

 

$

$

Traditional

Asset-Intensive

Financial
Reinsurance

Total U.S. and 
Latin America

Financial Solutions

 

23,683
769,932
144,343
98,782
1,036,740

78,447
379,921
229,506
28,158
716,032
320,708

$

$

Financial Solutions

— $

8,541
—
105,097
113,638

—
—
22,804
9,958
32,762
80,876

$

 

5,380,004
1,506,546
142,737
221,262
7,250,549

4,838,641
462,139
1,005,646
169,105
6,475,531
775,018

Asset-Intensive

Financial
Reinsurance

Total U.S. and
Latin America

24,349
623,974
13,648
93,614
755,585

81,860
251,247
174,225
24,111
531,443
224,142

$

$

— $

7,123
—
77,738
84,861

—
—
14,650
10,973
25,623
59,238

$

5,273,920
1,330,930
9,419
191,145
6,805,414

4,714,681
336,276
938,362
161,614
6,150,933
654,481

5,356,321
728,073
(1,606)
17,383
6,100,171

4,760,194
82,218
753,336
130,989
5,726,737
373,434

Traditional

5,249,571
699,833
(4,229)
19,793
5,964,968

4,632,821
85,029
749,487
126,530
5,593,867
371,101

$

$

$

$

46

For the year ended December 31, 2015

 
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

 

$

$

Financial Solutions

 

Traditional

Asset-Intensive

Financial
Reinsurance

Total U.S. and
Latin America

4,806,706
636,779
2,306
19,235
5,465,026

4,366,696
77,500
673,331
111,728
5,229,255
235,771

$

$

22,177
560,701
(118,482)
105,389
569,785

66,146
244,318
85,760
20,615
416,839
152,946

$

$

— $

5,479
—
68,601
74,080

—
—
10,193
8,870
19,063
55,017

$

4,828,883
1,202,959
(116,176)
193,225
6,108,891

4,432,842
321,818
769,284
141,213
5,665,157
443,734

 
Income before income taxes for the U.S. and Latin America operations segment increased by $120.5 million, or 18.4%, 
and $210.7 million, or 47.5%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The increase in 2017 was the result of several factors, including 
changes in the value of the embedded derivatives associated with reinsurance treaties structured on a modco or funds withheld, 
an increase in investment related capital gains and additional variable investment income.  The increase in 2016 was driven by 
changes in the value of the embedded derivatives associated with reinsurance treaties structured on a modco or funds withheld 
basis, improved claims experience in the Traditional segment, and higher investment income due to a  higher invested asset base, 
driven largely by acquisitions of in force blocks late in 2015.  

Traditional Reinsurance

The U.S. and Latin America Traditional segment provides individual and group life and health reinsurance to domestic 
clients  for  a  variety  of  products  through  yearly  renewable  term,  coinsurance  and  modified  coinsurance  agreements.  These 
reinsurance arrangements may involve either facultative or automatic agreements.

Income before income taxes for the U.S. and Latin America Traditional segment increased by $2.3 million, or 0.6%, and 
$135.3 million, or 57.4% in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher investment income 
from variable investment income and a growing asset base offset somewhat by lower investment yields.  Additionally, U.S. 
Traditional had a slightly lower underwriting margin compared to 2016.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to improved 
claims experience and an increase in investment income due to a higher invested asset base primarily associated with large in 
force block transactions executed in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Net premiums increased $106.8 million, or 2.0%, and $442.9 million, or 9.2% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The 
increase in 2017 was primarily due to expected organic premium growth in yearly renewable term and coinsurance business offset 
somewhat by a negotiated modification of a health treaty.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to large in force block transactions 
executed during the latter part of 2015, significant individual health and group life transactions executed in the first six months 
of 2016, and organic premium growth.    The segment added new life business production, measured by face amount of insurance 
in force, of $99.4 billion, $126.4 billion and $203.9 billion during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Contributing to the increases 
in 2015 were large in force block transactions of $114.5 billion.  Total face amount of life business in force was $1,609.8 billion, 
$1,609.3 billion and $1,594.3 billion as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Net investment income increased $28.2 million, or 4.0%, and $63.1 million, or 9.9%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
The increase in 2017 was primarily due to strong variable investment income associated with a higher level of bond make-whole 
premiums and distributions from joint ventures and limited partnerships, and an increase in the average invested asset base partially 
offset by a lower investment yield.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in the average invested asset base 
primarily associated with the aforementioned in force block transactions along with strong variable investment income partially 
offset by a lower investment yield.  Investment related gains increased by $2.6 million in 2017, and decreased by $6.5 million in 
2016.  The increase in 2017 was primarily driven by changes in the value of the embedded derivatives associated with one 
reinsurance treaty structured on a modco basis.

Claims and other policy benefits as a percentage of net premiums (“loss ratios”) were 88.9%, 88.3% and 90.8% in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in the loss ratio for 2017 was primarily due to unfavorable claims experience in the 
traditional mortality and group health lines of business.  The decrease in the loss ratio for 2016 was primarily related to improvement 

47

in the traditional life mortality business due to a decrease in the average claim size. In addition, in 2015 the group disability business 
was negatively affected by an increase in new and reopened claims. 

Interest credited expense decreased by $2.8 million, or 3.3%, in 2017 and increased by $7.5 million, or 9.7%, in 2016.  
The decrease in 2017 relates to primarily to one treaty in which the interest credited will vary depending on the number of deaths 
in any given year. The decrease is primarily offset by a decrease in investment income.  The increase in 2016 was the result of a 
full year of expense on a new treaty signed in April of 2015.  The variances in interest credited expense are largely offset by 
variances in investment income.  Interest credited in this segment relates to amounts credited on cash value products which also 
have a significant mortality component.  Income before income taxes is affected by the spread between the investment income 
and the interest credited on the underlying products.

Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses as a percentage of net premiums were 14.1%, 14.3% and 14.0% 
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Overall, while these ratios are expected to remain in a predictable range, they may fluctuate 
from period to period due to varying allowance levels within coinsurance-type arrangements. In addition, the amortization pattern 
of previously capitalized amounts, which are subject to the form of the reinsurance agreement and the underlying insurance policies, 
may vary. Also, the mix of first year coinsurance business versus yearly renewable term business can cause the percentage to 
fluctuate from period to period.  In recent years, reinsurance treaties weighted toward yearly renewable term structures have 
contributed to relatively stable rates.

Other operating expenses increased $4.5 million, or 3.5%, and $14.8 million, or 13.2% in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
Contributing to the increase in 2016 was an expansion in underwriting personnel to support clients.  Other operating expenses, as 
a percentage of net premiums, were 2.4%, 2.4% and 2.3% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The expense ratio tends to fluctuate 
only slightly from period to period due to maturity and scale of this segment.

Financial Solutions - Asset-Intensive Reinsurance

Asset-Intensive within the U.S. and Latin America Financial Solutions segment primarily assumes investment risk within 
underlying annuities and corporate-owned life insurance policies. Most of these agreements are coinsurance, coinsurance with 
funds withheld or modco.  The Company recognizes profits or losses primarily from the spread between the investment income 
earned and the interest credited on the underlying deposit liabilities, income associated with longevity risk, and fees associated 
with variable annuity account values and guaranteed investment contracts.

Impact of certain derivatives

Income from the asset-intensive business tends to be volatile due to changes in the fair value of certain derivatives, 
including embedded derivatives associated with reinsurance treaties structured on a modco or funds withheld basis, as well as 
embedded derivatives associated with the Company’s reinsurance of EIAs and variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefit 
riders. Fluctuations occur period to period primarily due to changing investment conditions including, but not limited to, interest 
rate movements (including risk-free rates and credit spreads), implied volatility, the Company’s own credit risk and equity market 
performance, all of which are factors in the calculations of fair value. Therefore, management believes it is helpful to distinguish 
between the effects of changes in these derivatives, net of related hedging activity, and the primary factors that drive profitability 
of the underlying treaties, namely investment income, fee income (included in other revenues), and interest credited. These 
fluctuations are considered unrealized by management and do not affect current cash flows, crediting rates or spread performance 
on the underlying treaties.
 

48

 
The following table summarizes the asset-intensive results and quantifies the impact of these embedded derivatives for 
the periods presented. Revenues before certain derivatives, benefits and expenses before certain derivatives, and income before 
income taxes and certain derivatives, should not be viewed as substitutes for GAAP revenues, GAAP benefits and expenses, and 
GAAP income before income taxes.

For the year ended December 31,
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Total revenues
Less:
Embedded derivatives – modco/funds withheld treaties
Guaranteed minimum benefit riders and related free standing derivatives

Revenues before certain derivatives

Benefits and expenses:

Total benefits and expenses
Less:
Embedded derivatives – modco/funds withheld treaties
Guaranteed minimum benefit riders and related free standing derivatives
Equity-indexed annuities

Benefits and expenses before certain derivatives

Income (loss) before income taxes:

Income before income taxes
Less:
Embedded derivatives – modco/funds withheld treaties
Guaranteed minimum benefit riders and related free standing derivatives
Equity-indexed annuities

2017

2016

2015

$

1,036,740

$

755,585

$

569,785

146,329
(18,686)
909,097

716,032

70,392
(5,369)
(14,463)
665,472

320,708

75,937
(13,317)
14,463
243,625

$

58,737
(39,786)
736,634

531,443

40,077
(10,937)
(11,046)
513,349

224,142

18,660
(28,849)
11,046
223,285

$

(101,300)
(7,658)
678,743

416,839

(58,754)
1,750
(2,686)
476,529

152,946

(42,546)
(9,408)
2,686
202,214

Income before income taxes and certain derivatives

$

Embedded Derivatives - Modco/Funds Withheld Treaties - Represents the change in the fair value of embedded derivatives 
on funds withheld at interest associated with treaties written on a modco or funds withheld basis. The fair value changes of 
embedded derivatives on funds withheld at interest associated with treaties written on a modco or funds withheld basis are reflected 
in revenues, while the related impact on deferred acquisition expenses is reflected in benefits and expenses.  The Company’s 
utilization of a credit valuation adjustment did not have a material effect on the change in fair value of these embedded derivatives 
for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
 
before income taxes by $75.9 million, $18.7 million and $(42.5) million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increases in 
income in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to tightening credit spreads.  The decrease in income in 2015 was primarily due to 
widening credit spreads and increasing risk-free rates.

The change in fair value of the embedded derivatives - modco/funds withheld treaties increased (decreased) income 

Guaranteed Minimum Benefit Riders - Represents the impact related to guaranteed minimum benefits associated with 
the Company’s reinsurance of variable annuities. The fair value changes of the guaranteed minimum benefits along with the 
changes in fair value of the free standing derivatives (interest rate swaps, financial futures and equity options), purchased by the 
Company to substantially hedge the liability are reflected in revenues, while the related impact on deferred acquisition expenses 
is reflected in benefits and expenses.  The Company’s utilization of a credit valuation adjustment did not have a material effect 
on the change in fair value of these embedded derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
 
The change in fair value of the guaranteed minimum benefits, after allowing for changes in the associated free standing 
derivatives, decreased income before income taxes by $13.3 million, $28.8 million and $9.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.  The decrease in income for all periods is primarily due to the annual update of best estimate actuarial assumptions 
to account for lower policyholder termination experience.
 
Equity-Indexed Annuities - Represents changes in the liability for equity-indexed annuities in excess of changes in account 
value, after adjustments for related deferred acquisition expenses. The change in fair value of embedded derivative liabilities 
associated with equity-indexed annuities increased income before income taxes by $14.5 million, $11.0 million and $2.7 million, 
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in income in in each period was primarily due to the flattening of the treasury 
yield curve. 
Discussion and analysis before certain derivatives

Income before income taxes and certain derivatives increased by $20.3 million and $21.1 million in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The increase in income in 2017, was primarily due to the impact of rising equity markets associated with the 

49

Company’s reinsurance of EIAs and variable annuities and higher variable investment income.  The increase in income in 2016, 
was primarily due to the full year impact in 2016 from the acquisition of Aurora National in the second quarter of 2015 and 
investment related gains (losses) associated with funds withheld and coinsurance portfolios, net of the corresponding impact to 
deferred acquisition costs.  Funds withheld capital gains (losses) are reported through investment income while coinsurance activity 
is reflected in investment related gains (losses), net.

Revenue before certain derivatives increased by $172.5 million and by $57.9 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The increase in 2017 was primarily due to the change in fair value of equity options associated with the reinsurance of EIAs, 
investment income from a new coinsurance transaction in 2017, and higher investment related gains (losses) associated with 
coinsurance and funds withheld portfolios.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to the increase in fair value of equity options 
associated with the reinsurance of EIAs and the full year impact in 2016 from the acquisition of Aurora National in the second 
quarter of 2015.  The effect on investment income related to equity options is substantially offset by a corresponding change in 
interest credited.

Benefits and expenses before certain derivatives increased by $152.1 million and by $36.8 million in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher interest credited associated with the reinsurance of EIAs, interest 
credited from a new coinsurance transaction in 2017 and the corresponding impact to deferred acquisition costs from investment 
related gains (losses) in coinsurance and funds withheld portfolios.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to higher interest 
credited associated with the reinsurance of certain EIAs and the full year impact in 2016 from the acquisition of Aurora National 
in the second quarter of 2015.  The effect on interest credited related to equity options is substantially offset by a corresponding 
change in investment income. 

The invested asset base supporting this segment increased to $15.4 billion as of December 31, 2017 from $13.2 billion 
as of December 31, 2016.  The increase in the asset base was due primarily to the aforementioned new coinsurance transaction in 
2017.  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, $4.1 billion and $4.0 billion, respectively, of which greater than 90% is associated 
with one client.
Financial Solutions - Financial Reinsurance

Financial Reinsurance within the U.S. Financial Solutions segment income before income taxes consists primarily of net 
fees earned on financial reinsurance transactions. Additionally, a portion of the business is brokered business in which the Company 
does not participate in the assumption of risk. The fees earned from financial reinsurance contracts and brokered business are 
reflected in other revenues, and the fees paid to retrocessionaires are reflected in policy acquisition costs and other insurance 
expenses.

Income  before  income  taxes  increased  by  $21.6  million,  or  36.5%,  and  $4.2  million,  or  7.7%,  in  2017  and  2016, 

respectively. The increases in 2017 and 2016 were primarily related to the growth from new transactions.

At December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the amount of reinsurance assumed from client companies, as measured by pre-
tax statutory surplus, risk based capital and other financial reinsurance structures, was $13.1 billion, $8.8 billion and $7.2 billion, 
respectively.  The increases in both 2017 and 2016 can primarily be attributed to an increase in the number of new transactions 
executed each year and is consistent with the increase in related income. Fees earned from this business can vary significantly 
depending on the size of the transactions and the timing of their completion and, therefore, can fluctuate from period to period.

50

Canada Operations

 
The Company conducts reinsurance business in Canada primarily through RGA Canada, which assists clients with capital 
management activity and mortality and morbidity risk management. The Canada operations are primarily engaged in Traditional 
reinsurance, which consists mainly of traditional individual life reinsurance, as well as creditor, group life and health, critical 
illness and disability reinsurance. Creditor insurance covers the outstanding balance on personal, mortgage or commercial loans 
in the event of death, disability or critical illness and is generally shorter in duration than traditional individual life insurance. The 
Canada Financial Solutions segment consists of longevity and financial reinsurance.

For the year ended December 31, 2017
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2016
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2015
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net:
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total Canada

901,976
189,018
10,619
1,907
1,103,520

757,892
20
192,183
33,207
983,302
120,218

$

$

38,229
5,115
—
5,594
48,938

29,639
—
789
1,867
32,295
16,643

Traditional

Financial Solutions

928,642
178,927
10,528
(93)
1,118,004

707,409
19
238,252
37,619
983,299
134,705

$

$

38,701
2,692
—
5,545
46,938

36,275
—
1,231
1,487
38,993
7,945

Traditional

Financial Solutions

838,894
182,621
(1,503)
3,000
1,023,012

670,459
18
192,729
35,631
898,837
124,175

$

$

37,969
1,436
—
5,629
45,034

29,251
—
552
1,329
31,132
13,902

$

$

$

$

$

$

940,205
194,133
10,619
7,501
1,152,458

787,531
20
192,972
35,074
1,015,597
136,861

Total Canada

967,343
181,619
10,528
5,452
1,164,942

743,684
19
239,483
39,106
1,022,292
142,650

Total Canada

876,863
184,057
(1,503)
8,629
1,068,046

699,710
18
193,281
36,960
929,969
138,077

$

$

$

$

$

$

Income before income taxes decreased by $5.8 million, or 4.1%, and increased by $4.6 million, or 3.3%, in 2017 and 
2016, respectively.  The decrease in income for 2017 was primarily due to unfavorable traditional individual life mortality experience 
compared to favorable experience in 2016, partially offset by favorable experience on longevity business.  The increase in income 

51

for 2016 was primarily due to an increase in investment related gains (losses), net, partially offset by less favorable traditional 
individual life mortality experience and unfavorable experience on longevity business, as compared to 2015. Foreign currency 
exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in income before income taxes of $3.7 million and decrease 
of $6.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Traditional Reinsurance

Income before income taxes decreased by $14.5 million, or 10.8%, and increased by $10.5 million, or 8.5%, in 2017 and 
2016, respectively. The decrease in income for 2017 was primarily due to unfavorable traditional individual life mortality experience 
compared to favorable experience in 2016.  The increase in income before income taxes in 2016 was primarily due to a $12.0 
million increase in investment related gains (losses), net, partially offset by a less favorable traditional individual life mortality 
experience, as compared to 2015.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in income 
before income taxes of $3.2 million and a decrease of $5.8 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Net premiums decreased by $26.7 million, or 2.9%, and increased by $89.7 million, or 10.7%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The decrease in 2017 was primarily due to an anticipated decrease in creditor premiums of $80.4 million partially 
offset by an increase in traditional individual life business premiums from annually increasing premium rates on yearly renewable 
term treaties and favorable foreign currency exchange fluctuation.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in creditor 
premiums of $70.0 million and premiums from new business production partially offset by adverse currency exchange fluctuation.  
Foreign currency exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in net premiums of $18.5 million and a 
decrease of $33.0 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The segment added new business production, measured by face amount 
of insurance in force, of $35.6 billion, $34.9 billion and $38.6 billion during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Net investment income increased $10.1 million, or 5.6%, and decreased by $3.7 million, or 2.0%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. The effect of changes in the Canadian dollar exchange rates resulted in an increase in net investment income of $4.0 
million and a decrease of $6.6 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Increases in the invested asset base increased net investment 
income in 2017 and 2016.

Loss ratios for the segment were 84.0%, 76.2% and 79.9% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in the 
2017 loss ratio was due to unfavorable traditional life mortality experience compared to favorable experience in 2016 and a decrease 
in creditor business premiums.  The decrease in the 2016 loss ratio was due to an increase in creditor premiums partially offset 
by less favorable life mortality experience, as compared to 2015.  Loss ratios for the individual life mortality business were 97.2%, 
93.5% and 92.4% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Historically, the loss ratio increased primarily as the result of several 
large permanent level premium in force blocks assumed in 1997 and 1998. These blocks are mature blocks of long-term permanent 
level premium business in which mortality as a percentage of net premiums is expected to be higher than historical ratios. The 
nature of permanent level premium policies requires the Company to set up actuarial liabilities and invest the amounts received 
in excess of early-year claims costs to fund claims in later years when premiums, by design, continue to be level as compared to 
expected increasing mortality or claim costs. As such, investment income becomes a more significant component of profitability 
of these in force blocks.  Excluding creditor business, claims and other policy benefits, as a percentage of net premiums and 
investment income were 76.5%, 73.7% and 72.2% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses as a percentage of net premiums for traditional individual life 
business were 21.3%, 25.7% and 23.0% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Overall, while these ratios are expected to remain 
in a predictable range, they may fluctuate from period to period due to varying allowance levels and product mix. The decrease 
in 2017 reflects a lower level of creditor business which typically has a higher level of acquisition costs.  In addition, the amortization 
pattern of previously capitalized amounts, which are subject to the form of the reinsurance agreement and the underlying insurance 
policies, may vary.

Other operating expenses decreased by $4.4 million, or 11.7%, and increased by $2.0 million, or 5.6%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. Foreign currency exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in other operating expenses of 
$0.7 million and a decrease of $1.2 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The decrease in other operating expenses in 2017 is 
primarily due to decrease in allocated expense from corporate operations.  The increase in other operating expenses in 2016 is 
primarily due to higher compensation costs.  Other operating expenses as a percentage of net premiums were 3.7%, 4.1% and 
4.2% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Financial Solutions

Income before income taxes increased by $8.7 million, or 109.5%, and decreased by $6.0 million, or 42.8%, in 2017 and 
2016, respectively. The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to favorable experience on longevity 
business.  The decrease in income before income taxes in 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable experience on longevity business.  
Foreign currency exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in income before income taxes of $0.4 million 
and a decrease of $0.7 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

52

Net premiums decreased $0.5 million, or 1.2%, and increased by $0.7 million, or 1.9%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
Foreign currency exchange fluctuation in the Canadian dollar resulted in an increase in net premiums of $0.9 million and a decrease 
of $1.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Net investment income increased by $2.4 million, or 90.0%, and $1.3 million, or 87.5%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

The increases in net investment income for both periods were primarily due to a growth in the invested asset base.

Claims and other policy benefits decreased by $6.6 million, or 18.3%, and increased by $7.0 million, or 24.0%, in 2017 
and 2016, respectively. The decrease in 2017 was primarily due to favorable experience on longevity business while the increase 
in 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable experience on longevity business.  The effect of changes in the Canadian dollar exchange 
rates resulted in an increase in claims and other policy benefits of $0.6 million and a decrease of $0.8 million in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 

Europe, Middle East and Africa Operations
 
The Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) segment includes business generated by its offices principally in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”), South Africa, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain and the Middle East region. 
EMEA consists of two major segments: Traditional and Financial Solutions. The Traditional segment primarily provides reinsurance 
through yearly renewable term and coinsurance agreements on a variety of life, health and critical illness products.  Reinsurance 
agreements may be facultative or automatic agreements covering primarily individual risks and, in some markets, group risks.  
The Financial Solutions segment consists of reinsurance and other transactions associated with longevity closed blocks, payout 
annuities, capital management solutions and financial reinsurance. 
 

For the year ended December 31, 2017
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2016
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total EMEA

$

$

$

$

1,301,640
55,511
52
4,872
1,362,075

1,096,211
—
92,143
103,235
1,291,589
70,486

Traditional

1,140,062
50,301
5
4,781
1,195,149

999,005
—
63,848
102,237
1,165,090
30,059

$

$

$

$

163,720
123,258
5,487
18,606
311,071

142,796
11,078
1,833
31,850
187,557
123,514

Financial Solutions

180,271
125,282
13,537
21,428
340,518

164,883
13,131
6
24,491
202,511
138,007

$

$

$

$

1,465,360
178,769
5,539
23,478
1,673,146

1,239,007
11,078
93,976
135,085
1,479,146
194,000

Total EMEA

1,320,333
175,583
13,542
26,209
1,535,667

1,163,888
13,131
63,854
126,728
1,367,601
168,066

53

For the year ended December 31, 2015
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total EMEA

$

$

1,121,540
51,370
8,397
9,435
1,190,742

969,596
9,629
63,042
100,065
1,142,332
48,410

$

$

171,830
73,432
10,170
31,234
286,666

161,917
—
(1,100)
17,404
178,221
108,445

$

$

1,293,370
124,802
18,567
40,669
1,477,408

1,131,513
9,629
61,942
117,469
1,320,553
156,855

Income before income taxes increased by $25.9 million, or 15.4%, and $11.2 million, or 7.1%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The increase in income before income taxes for 2017 was primarily due to favorable individual mortality, morbidity 
and longevity experience, partly offset by lower payout annuity performance. The increase in income before income taxes for 
2016 was primarily due to increased business volume and favorable experience related to payout annuity and longevity business 
offset partly by unfavorable mortality and morbidity experience.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a decrease 
in income before income taxes of $4.3 million and $20.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Traditional Reinsurance

Income before income taxes increased by $40.4 million, or 134.5%, and decreased by $18.4 million, or 37.9%, in 2017 
and 2016, respectively.   The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to business growth and favorable 
individual  morbidity  and  mortality  experience. The  decrease  in  income  before  income  taxes  in  2016  was  primarily  due  to 
unfavorable claims experience on life and critical illness business.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations contributed to an 
increase in income before income taxes of $1.5 million and a decrease of $1.0 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Net premiums increased by $161.6 million, or 14.2%, and $18.5 million, or 1.7%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The 
increase in 2017 was primarily due to increased business volumes, most notably in Italy, South Africa, the Middle East and the 
Netherlands related to new treaties in 2017 and favorable growth from existing treaties.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due 
to increased individual life and health premiums somewhat offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange fluctuations. The 
segment added new business production, measured by face amount of insurance in force, of $181.5 billion, $169.8 billion and 
$171.6 billion during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The face amount of reinsurance in force totaled $739.0 billion, $603.0 
billion, and $602.7 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Foreign currency fluctuations favorably affected 
the face amount of reinsurance in force by $64.7 billion and unfavorably by $72.1 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Foreign 
currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a decrease in net premiums of $8.3 million and $113.1 million in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The segment’s primary currencies are the British pound, the Euro and the South African rand. 

A portion of the net premiums for the segment, in each period presented, relates to reinsurance of critical illness coverage, 
primarily in the UK. This coverage provides a benefit in the event of the diagnosis of a pre-defined critical illness. Net premiums 
earned from this coverage totaled $191.5 million, $203.4 million and $233.2 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Net investment income increased by $5.2 million, or 10.4%, and decreased by $1.1 million, or 2.1%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. The increase in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in the invested asset base related to increased business volumes.  
The decrease in 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange fluctuations, offset partly by an increase in the invested 
asset base related to increased business volume.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations resulted in an increase in net investment 
income of $0.1 million and a decrease of $4.5 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Investment related gains were level in 2017 and decreased by $8.4 million, or 99.9%, in 2016.  Revenue related to unit-
linked products were included in investment related gains in 2015. Beginning in 2016, revenue related to unit-linked products is 
included in investment income within the Financial Solutions segment. 

Other revenues increased by $0.1 million, or 1.9% and decreased by $4.7 million, or 49.3%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

These variances are primarily due to foreign currency transactions. 

Loss ratios for this segment were 84.2%, 87.6% and 86.5% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in loss 
ratio in 2017 was primarily due to favorable claims experience and changes in the mix of business reflecting increased volumes 
of new business with lower loss ratios, but with higher commissions.  These higher commissions are reflected in the increase of 

54

the 2017 policy acquisition cost ratio below.  The increase in the loss ratio in 2016 was due to variability in life and critical illness 
claims experience.  Management views recent claims experience as normal volatility that is inherent in the business.
Interest credited expense remained level in 2017 and decreased by $9.6 million, or 100.0%, in 2016. Beginning in 2016, 
 
interest credited related to unit-linked products and the related investment income is reflected in the Financial Solutions segment.
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses as a percentage of net premiums were 7.1%, 5.6% and 5.6% for 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in policy acquisition cost ratio in 2017 is due primarily to changes in the mix of 
business reflecting increased volumes of new business with higher commissions.

Other operating expenses increased by $1.0 million, or 1.0%, and $2.2 million, or 2.2%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The increase in 2017 was primarily due to the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations.  The increase in 2016 was in line 
with expected expense levels to support business growth coupled with a higher level of incentive compensation expense.  Foreign 
currency exchange fluctuations resulted in an increase in operating expenses of $1.6 million and a decrease of $8.1 million 2017 
and 2016, respectively. Other operating expenses as a percentage of net premiums totaled 7.9%, 9.0% and 8.9% in 2017, 2016 
and 2015, respectively. 
Financial Solutions

Income before income taxes decreased by $14.5 million, or 10.5%, and increased by $29.6 million, or 27.3%, in 2017 
and 2016, respectively.  The decrease in 2017 in income before income taxes was primarily due to payout annuity experience 
normalizing after a particularly positive 2016, partly offset by favorable longevity business results. The increase in 2016 in income 
before income taxes was primarily due to increased business volume, coupled with favorable experience in payout annuity and 
longevity treaties.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a decrease in income before income taxes of $5.8 million 
and $19.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Net premiums decreased by $16.6 million, or 9.2%, and increased by $8.4 million, or 4.9%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The decrease in 2017 in net premiums was due to a new retrocession treaty, executed for risk management purposes which cedes 
longevity risk to third parties, partially offset by an increase in premiums from new transactions.  The increase in net premiums 
in 2016 was primarily due to premiums on longevity closed blocks.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a 
decrease in net premiums of $7.6 million and $22.5 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Net investment income decreased $2.0 million, or 1.6%, and increased by $51.9 million, or 70.6%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The decrease in 2017 in investment income in 2017 was primarily due to adverse foreign currency exchange 
fluctuations.  The increase in 2016 is primarily due to an increase in the invested asset base related to a payout annuity treaty 
executed in the fourth quarter of 2015. Beginning in 2016, revenue related to unit-linked products was included in investment 
income of the Financial Solutions segment, contributing $13.1 million to the increase.  The effect on investment income related 
to unit-linked products is substantially offset by a corresponding change in interest credited.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations 
resulted in a decrease in investment income of $4.8 million and $14.2 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Other revenues decreased by $2.8 million, or 13.2% and $9.8 million, or 31.4%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.   The 
decrease in 2017 in other revenues was due to experience from a longevity swap normalizing after a particularly positive 2016.  
The decrease in 2016 in other revenues relate to reduced fee income associated with financial reinsurance treaties terminated at 
the end of 2015.  Fees earned from this business can vary significantly depending on the size of the transactions and the timing 
of their completion and, therefore, can fluctuate from period to period.

Claims and other policy benefits decreased $22.1 million, or 13.4%, and increased by $3.0 million, or 1.8%, in 2017 and 
2016, respectively.  The decrease in 2017 was primarily due to the aforementioned new longevity retrocession treaty that cedes 
longevity risk to third parties, net of an increase in claims and other policy benefits from new transactions.  Claims and other 
policy benefits increased in 2016 due to increased benefits associated with payout annuity reinsurance transactions executed in 
the fourth quarter of 2015, largely offset by favorable policy benefit experience.

Interest credited expense decreased by $2.1 million, or 15.6%, in 2017. Interest credited in this segment relates to amounts 
credited to the contractholders of unit-linked products.  This amount will fluctuate according to contractholder investment selections, 
equity  returns  and  interest  rates.   The  effect  on  interest  credited  related  to  unit-linked  products  is  substantially  offset  by  a 
corresponding change in investment income.

Other operating expenses increased by $7.4 million, or 30.0%, and $7.1 million, or 40.7%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The increase in 2017 was primarily due to increased administration costs related to longevity transactions, costs related to a 
potential acquisition and by the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations.  The increase in 2016 was primarily due to 
administration costs related to increased longevity business, increased incentive compensation expense and an increase in expenses 
related to an acquisition in the Netherlands completed in the fourth quarter of 2015. Foreign currency exchange fluctuations resulted 
in an increase in operating expenses of $0.4 million and a decrease of $1.4 million 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

55

Asia Pacific Operations

 
The Asia Pacific operations include business generated by its offices principally in Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, 
Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan. The Traditional segment’s principal types of reinsurance 
include individual and group life and health, critical illness, disability and superannuation.  Superannuation is the Australian 
government mandated compulsory retirement savings program. Superannuation funds accumulate retirement funds for employees, 
and,  in  addition,  typically  offer  life  and  disability  insurance  coverage.  The  Financial  Solutions  segment  includes  financial 
reinsurance,  asset-intensive  and  certain  disability  and  life  blocks.  Reinsurance  agreements  may  be  facultative  or  automatic 
agreements covering primarily individual risks and in some markets, group risks.
 

For the year ended December 31, 2017
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

For the year ended December 31, 2016
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total Asia Pacific

$

$

$

$

2,053,029
91,675
(10)
65,992
2,210,686

1,635,728
—
277,582
148,590
2,061,900
148,786

Traditional

1,681,505
83,049
14
6,582
1,771,150

1,345,951
—
163,036
148,235
1,657,222
113,928

$

$

$

$

2,419
34,529
13,938
22,889
73,775

18,020
22,447
5,111
15,067
60,645
13,130

Financial Solutions

5,428
23,648
9,436
24,870
63,382

25,180
12,796
6,071
15,272
59,319
4,063

$

$

$

$

2,055,448
126,204
13,928
88,881
2,284,461

1,653,748
22,447
282,693
163,657
2,122,545
161,916

Total Asia Pacific

1,686,933
106,697
9,450
31,452
1,834,532

1,371,131
12,796
169,107
163,507
1,716,541
117,991

56

For the year ended December 31, 2015
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total Asia Pacific

$

$

1,551,586
80,549
—
6,222
1,638,357

1,208,984
—
187,976
135,743
1,532,703
105,654

$

$

19,474
18,678
(531)
18,960
56,581

16,295
4,471
2,554
13,642
36,962
19,619

$

$

1,571,060
99,227
(531)
25,182
1,694,938

1,225,279
4,471
190,530
149,385
1,569,665
125,273

Income before income taxes increased by $43.9 million, or 37.2%, and decreased by $7.3 million, or 5.8%, in 2017 and 
2016, respectively. The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to higher income from offices in Asia 
driven by business growth, most notably in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia.  The decrease in income before income taxes in 2016 
was primarily attributable to unfavorable individual disability claims experience in Australia and unfavorable lapse experience 
from a closed Financial Solutions treaty in Japan.  These unfavorable variances in 2016 are partially offset by favorable claims 
experience from offices in Asia and gains on derivatives associated with the hedging programs to mitigate currency risks.  Foreign 
currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a decrease in income before income taxes of $1.1 million and an increase of $0.7 
million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
Traditional Reinsurance

Income  before  income  taxes  increased  by  $34.9  million,  or  30.6%,  and  $8.3  million,  or  7.8%,  in  2017  and  2016, 
respectively. The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to higher income from offices in Asia driven 
by business growth.  The increase in income before income taxes in 2016 was primarily driven by improved mortality experience 
in Asia.  Unfavorable individual disability claims experience in Australia partially offset the increase in income in 2016.  Foreign 
currency exchange fluctuations contributed to a decrease in income before income taxes of $1.4 million and $0.8 million in 2017 
and 2016, respectively.

Net premiums increased by $371.5 million, or 22.1%, and $129.9 million, or 8.4%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The 
increases in premiums for 2017 and 2016 were driven by both new and existing business written throughout the segment.  The 
segment added new business production, measured by face amount of insurance in force, of $78.9 billion, $73.7 billion and $76.9 
billion during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The face amount of reinsurance in force totaled $552.3 billion, $492.2 billion, 
and $462.7 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Foreign currency fluctuations favorably affected the face 
amount of reinsurance in force by $30.6 billion and unfavorably by $4.7 billion in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Foreign currency 
exchange fluctuations contributed to an increase in net premiums of $22.7 million and $3.3 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
A portion of the net premiums for the segment, in each period presented, relates to reinsurance of critical illness coverage. 
This coverage provides a benefit in the event of the diagnosis of a pre-defined critical illness. Reinsurance of critical illness in the 
Asia Pacific operations is offered primarily in South Korea, Australia, China and Hong Kong. Net premiums from this coverage 
totaled $611.0 million, $398.3 million, and $312.6 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Net investment income increased $8.6 million, or 10.4%, and $2.5 million, or 3.1%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The 
increases in 2017 and 2016 were primarily due to a higher invested asset base largely offset in 2016 by a lower investment yield. 
Other revenues increased by $59.4 million, or 902.6%, and $0.4 million, or 5.8%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The 
increases in other revenues in 2017 was primarily due to $57.9 million in recapture fees associated with three treaties recaptured 
in Australia.

Loss ratios for this segment were 79.7%, 80.0% and 77.9% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The decrease in the 
loss ratio in 2017 was primarily due to improved claims experience in Australia compared to the prior year.  The increase in the 
loss ratio in 2016 was primarily due to aforementioned unfavorable individual disability claims experience in Australia and 
additional benefit expense associated with a large treaty in Hong Kong due to adjustments associated with delays in client reporting. 
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses as a percentage of net premiums were 13.5%, 9.7% and 12.1% for 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The low ratio in 2016 was due primarily to a $40.0 million decrease in policy acquisition costs 

57

and other insurance expenses due to adjustments associated with delays in client reporting on a large treaty in Hong Kong.  The 
ratio of policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses as a percentage of net premiums should generally decline as the 
business matures; however, the percentage does fluctuate periodically due to variations in the mixture of business and client-
related actions.

Other operating expenses increased $0.4 million, or 0.2%, and $12.5 million, or 9.2%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.   
Operating expenses remained flat in 2017; however, the 2016 increase in other operating expenses is mainly due to increased 
compensation costs relating to new positions filled during the second half of 2015, primarily in the growing Asian operations 
based in Hong Kong.  Foreign currency exchange fluctuations resulted in an increase in operating expenses of $1.2 million and 
$0.7 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. Other operating expenses as a percentage of net premiums totaled 7.2%, 8.8% and 
8.7% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The timing of premium flows and the level of costs associated with the entrance into 
and development of new markets in the Asia Pacific segment may cause other operating expenses as a percentage of net premiums 
to fluctuate over periods of time.
Financial Solutions

Income before income taxes increased by $9.1 million, or 223.2%, and decreased by $15.6 million, or 79.3%, in 2017 
and 2016, respectively.  The increase in income before income taxes in 2017 was primarily due to favorable lapse experience on 
a closed treaty in Japan as compared to 2016.  The decrease in 2016 was primarily due to unfavorable lapse experience from the 
same treaty, partially offset by gains on derivatives associated with hedging programs to mitigate currency risks.  Foreign currency 
exchange fluctuations contributed to an increase in income before income taxes of $0.3 million and a decrease of $1.5 million in 
2017 and 2016, respectively.

Net premiums decreased by $3.0 million, or 55.4%, and $14.0 million, or 72.1%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The 

decreases were primarily due to policy lapses on the previously mentioned treaty in Japan. 

Net investment income increased $10.9 million, or 46.0%, and $5.0 million, or 26.6%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

The increases in investment income were primarily due to increases in the invested asset base.

Other revenues decreased by $2.0 million, or 8.0%, and increased by $5.9 million, or 31.2%, in 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
The decrease in other revenues in 2017 was primarily due to run-off of the previously mentioned treaty in Japan.  The increase in 
2016 was primarily due to new transactions. The amount of reinsurance assumed from client companies, as measured by pre-tax 
statutory surplus, risk based capital and other financial reinsurance structures was $2.6 billion and $1.5 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively.  Fees earned from this business can vary significantly depending on the size of the transactions and 
the timing of their completion and therefore can fluctuate from period to period.

Claims and other policy benefits decreased by $7.2 million, or 28.4%, and increased by $8.9 million, or 54.5%, in 2017 
and 2016, respectively.   The decrease in 2017 was attributable to lower lapses from policies from a closed block of business in 
Japan.  The increase in 2016 was attributable to the aforementioned unfavorable lapse experience on a closed treaty in Japan. 
Management views recent experience as normal short-term volatility that is inherent in the business.

Other operating expenses decreased by $0.2 million, or 1.3%, and increased by $1.6 million, or 11.9%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.  The timing of premium flows and the level of costs associated with the entrance into and development of new markets 
in the Asia Pacific segment may cause other operating expenses to fluctuate over periods of time.

58

Corporate and Other

Corporate and Other revenues primarily include investment income from unallocated invested assets and investment 
related gains and losses. Corporate and Other expenses consist of the offset to capital charges allocated to the operating segments 
within the policy acquisition costs and other insurance income line item, unallocated overhead and executive costs, interest expense 
related to debt, and the investment income and expense associated with the Company’s collateral finance and securitization 
transactions.  Additionally, Corporate and Other includes results from certain wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures that, 
among other activities, develop and market technology solutions for the insurance industry.

For the year ended December 31,
(dollars in thousands)
Revenues:

Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues

Total revenues

Benefits and expenses:

Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance income
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
Collateral finance and securitization expense

Total benefits and expenses
Loss before income taxes

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

113
148,999
(4,943)
10,986
155,155

(10)
6,356
(108,641)
207,769
146,025
28,636
280,135
(124,980) $

$

342
117,057
51,256
12,301
180,956

(9)
2,469
(100,266)
154,554
137,623
25,827
220,198
(39,242) $

565
123,450
(65,107)
9,987
68,895

38
1,028
(87,551)
109,017
142,863
22,644
188,039
(119,144)

Loss before income taxes increased by $85.7 million and decreased by $79.9 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The 
increase in loss before income taxes for 2017 was primarily due to decreased net investment related gains, decreased other revenues 
and higher other operating expenses partially offset by increased investment income.  The decrease in loss before income taxes 
in 2016 was primarily due to increased net investment related gains of $116.4 million along with an increase in other revenues 
and lower interest expense, partially offset by lower investment income and higher operating expenses. 

Total revenues decreased $25.8 million, or 14.3%, and increased by $112.1 million, or 162.7%, in 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. The decrease in revenues in 2017 was primarily due to a reduction in investment related gains (losses), net related 
to higher impairments on fixed maturity and other securities of $21.3 million and a reduction in net gains on the sale of fixed 
maturity securities of $29.7 million.  The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $31.9 million in investment income related 
to an increase in unallocated invested assets and higher investment yields.  The increase in revenues in 2016 was primarily caused 
by increased net investment related gains of $116.4 million, due to a $32.7 million reduction in other-than-temporary impairments 
on fixed maturities and net gains on the sale of fixed maturities, along with an increase in other revenues of $2.3 million. 

Total  benefits  and  expenses  increased  by  $59.9  million  or  27.2%,  and  $32.2  million  or  17.1%,  in  2017  and  2016, 
respectively. The increase in total benefits and expenses in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in other operating expenses and 
interest expense offset by an increase in other insurance income, related to the offset to capital charges allocated to the operating 
segments.  The $53.2 million increase in other operating expenses was primarily related to a $22.5 million capital project write-
off, in addition to a $13.7 million increase in compensation expense, mainly due to increased incentive-based compensation and 
pension benefits, and a $10.0 million increase in consulting expenses due to various corporate initiatives.  The $8.4 million increase 
in interest expense is primarily due to the issuance of $800.0 million in long-term debt in June 2016, which was partially offset 
by the repayment of $300.0 million of long-term debt in 2017, and a lower reduction in tax-related interest expense primarily 
resulting from settlement with the taxing authority.  

The increase in total benefits and expenses in 2016 was primarily due to an increase of other operating expenses of $45.5 
million, and partially offset by an increase in other insurance income of $12.7 million, as well as a decrease in interest expense 
of $5.2 million.  The reduction in interest expense is mainly attributable to a $15.7 million reduction in tax-related interest expense 
resulting from the effective settlement of uncertain tax positions and a $10.8 million reduction in interest expense related to the 
conversion of the Company’s junior subordinated debentures to a floating rate in December 2015. These reductions in interest 
expense are largely offset by $21.9 million of additional interest expense related to the issuance of $800.0 million in long-term 
debt during 2016.  The increase in other insurance income is primarily related to the offset to capital charges allocated to the 
operating segments. 

59

Deferred Acquisition Costs

DAC related to interest-sensitive life and investment-type contracts is amortized over the lives of the contracts, in relation 
to the present value of estimated gross profits (“EGP”) from mortality, investment income, and expense margins. The EGP for 
asset-intensive products include the following components: (1) estimates of fees charged to policyholders to cover mortality, 
surrenders and maintenance costs; (2) expected interest rate spreads between income earned and amounts credited to policyholder 
accounts; and (3) estimated costs of administration. EGP is also reduced by the Company’s estimate of future losses due to defaults 
in fixed maturity securities as well as the change in reserves for embedded derivatives. DAC is sensitive to changes in assumptions 
regarding these EGP components, and any change in such assumptions could have an effect on the Company’s profitability.

The Company periodically reviews the EGP valuation model and assumptions so that the assumptions reflect best estimates 
of future experience. Two assumptions are considered to be most significant: (1) estimated interest spread, and (2) estimated future 
policy lapses.  As of December 31, 2017, the Company had $405.6 million of DAC related to asset-intensive products, all within 
the U.S. and Latin America Financial Solutions segment.  The following table reflects the possible change that would occur in a 
given year if assumptions, as a percentage of current DAC related to asset-intensive products, are changed as illustrated:

Quantitative Change in Significant Assumptions

Estimated interest spread increasing (decreasing) 25 basis points from the current spread

Estimated future policy lapse rates decreasing (increasing) 20% on a permanent basis
(including surrender charges)

  

  

  

One-Time Increase in

DAC

5.09%

3.72%

One-Time Decrease in

DAC

(5.27)%

(3.35)%

 

 

 

In general, a change in assumption that improves the Company’s expectations regarding EGP is going to have the effect 
of deferring the amortization of DAC into the future, thus increasing earnings and the current DAC balance. DAC can be no greater 
than the initial DAC balance plus interest and would be subject to recoverability testing which is ignored for purposes of this 
analysis. Conversely, a change in assumption that decreases EGP will have the effect of speeding up the amortization of DAC, 
thus reducing earnings and lowering the DAC balance. The Company also adjusts DAC to reflect changes in the unrealized gains 
and losses on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities since these changes affect EGP. This adjustment to DAC is reflected in 
accumulated other comprehensive income.

The  DAC  associated with  the  Company’s  non-asset-intensive  business  is  less  sensitive to  changes  in  estimates for 
investment  yields,  mortality  and  lapses.  In  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  the  estimates  include 
provisions for the risk of adverse deviation and are not adjusted unless experience significantly deteriorates to the point where a 
premium deficiency exists.

The following table displays DAC balances for the Traditional and Financial Solutions segments as of December 31, 

2017:

(dollars in thousands)

U.S. and Latin America
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Asia Pacific
Total

Traditional

Financial Solutions

Total

$

$

1,818,572
212,345
229,150
552,947
2,813,014

$

$

405,623
—
—
21,187
426,810

$

$

2,224,195
212,345
229,150
574,134
3,239,824

As of December 31, 2017, the Company estimates that all of its DAC balance is collateralized by surrender fees due to 

the Company and the reduction of policy liabilities, in excess of termination values, upon surrender or lapse of a policy.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Overview
The Company believes that cash flows from the source of funds available to it will provide sufficient cash flows for the 
 
next twelve months to satisfy the current liquidity requirements of RGA, Inc. and its subsidiaries under various scenarios that 
include the potential risk of early recapture of reinsurance treaties, market events and higher than expected claims.  The Company 
performs periodic liquidity stress testing to ensure its asset portfolio includes sufficient high quality liquid assets that could be 
utilized to bolster its liquidity position under stress scenarios. These assets could be utilized as collateral for secured borrowing 
transactions with various third parties or by selling the securities in the open market if needed.  The Company’s liquidity requirements 
have been and will continue to be funded through net cash flows from operations. However, in the event of significant unanticipated 
cash requirements beyond normal liquidity needs, the Company has multiple liquidity alternatives available based on market 
conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. These alternatives include borrowings under committed credit facilities, 

60

secured borrowings, the ability to issue long-term debt, preferred securities or common equity and, if necessary, the sale of invested 
assets subject to market conditions. 
Current Market Environment

The current interest rate environment in select markets, primarily the U.S. and Canada, continues to negatively affect 
the Company’s earnings.  The Company’s average investment yield, excluding spread related business, for 2017 was at 4.55%, 
slightly below the comparable 2016 rate.  The Company’s insurance liabilities, in particular its annuity products, are sensitive to 
changing market factors.  Gross unrealized gains on fixed maturity and equity securities available-for-sale were $2,983.7 million
and $2,246.5 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Gross unrealized losses totaled $117.0 million and $374.9 
million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 
The Company continues to be in a position to hold any investment security showing an unrealized loss until recovery, 
provided it remains comfortable with the credit of the issuer.  As indicated above, gross unrealized gains on investment securities 
of $2,983.7 million remain well in excess of gross unrealized losses of $117.0 million as of December 31, 2017. Historically low 
interest rates continued to put pressure on the Company’s investment yield.  The Company does not rely on short-term funding 
or commercial paper and to date it has experienced no liquidity pressure, nor does it anticipate such pressure in the foreseeable 
future.  

The Company projects its reserves to be sufficient and it would not expect to write down deferred acquisition costs or 
be required to take any actions to augment capital, even if interest rates remain at current levels for the next five years, assuming 
all other factors remain constant. While the Company has felt the pressures of sustained low interest rates and volatile equity 
markets and may continue to do so, its business operations are not overly sensitive to these risks. Although management believes 
the Company’s current capital base is adequate to support its business at current operating levels, it continues to monitor new 
business opportunities and any associated new capital needs that could arise from the changing financial landscape.
The Holding Company

RGA is an insurance holding company whose primary uses of liquidity include, but are not limited to, the immediate 
capital needs of its operating companies, dividends paid to its shareholders, repurchase of common stock and interest payments 
on its indebtedness.  The primary sources of RGA’s liquidity include proceeds from its capital-raising efforts, interest income on 
undeployed corporate investments, interest income received on surplus notes with RGA Reinsurance, RCM and Rockwood Re 
and dividends from operating subsidiaries.  As the Company continues its expansion efforts, RGA will continue to be dependent 
upon these sources of liquidity.  See “Part IV – Item 15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules – Schedule II – Condensed Financial 
Information of Registrant” for more information regarding RGA’s financial information.

RGA, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, has committed to provide statutory reserve support to third-parties, in exchange 
for a fee, by funding loans if certain defined events occur.  Such statutory reserves are required under the U.S. Valuation of Life 
Policies Model Regulation (commonly referred to as Regulation XXX for term life insurance policies and Regulation A-XXX for 
universal life secondary guarantees).  The third-parties have recourse to RGA should the subsidiary fail to provide the required 
funding, however, as of December 31, 2017, the Company does not believe that it will be required to provide any funding under 
these commitments as the occurrence of the defined events is considered remote. See Note 12 - “Commitments, Contingencies 
and Guarantees” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a table that presents these commitments by period and 
maximum obligation.

RGA established an intercompany revolving credit facility where certain subsidiaries can lend to or borrow from each 
other and from RGA in order to manage capital and liquidity more efficiently. The intercompany revolving credit facility, which 
is a series of demand loans among RGA and its affiliates, is permitted under applicable insurance laws. This facility reduces overall 
borrowing costs by allowing RGA and its operating companies to access internal cash resources instead of incurring third-party 
transaction costs. The statutory borrowing and lending limit for RGA’s Missouri-domiciled insurance subsidiaries is currently 3% 
of the insurance company’s admitted assets as of its most recent year-end. There were no borrowings and $25.0 million outstanding 
under the intercompany revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  In addition to loans associated 
with the intercompany revolving credit facility, RGA and its subsidiary, RGA Capital LLC, provided loans to RGA Australian 
Holdings Pty Limited with a total outstanding balance of $46.9 million and $43.2 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.

The Company believes that it has sufficient liquidity for the next 12 months to fund its cash needs under various scenarios 
that include the potential risk of early recapture of reinsurance treaties and higher than expected death claims. Historically, the 
Company  has  generated  positive  net  cash  flows  from  operations.  However,  in  the  event  of  significant  unanticipated  cash 
requirements beyond normal liquidity, the Company has multiple liquidity alternatives available based on market conditions and 
the amount and timing of the liquidity need. These options include borrowings under committed credit facilities, secured borrowings, 
the ability to issue long-term debt, preferred securities or common equity and, if necessary, the sale of invested assets, subject to 
market conditions.

61

 
Undistributed earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are targeted for reinvestment outside of the U.S.  As of 
December 31, 2017, the amount of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by the Company’s subsidiaries that 
are taxed in a foreign jurisdiction was $585.4 million.  As U.S. Tax Reform generally eliminates U.S. federal income taxes on 
dividends from foreign subsidiaries, the Company does not expect to incur material income taxes if these funds were repatriated.  
The Company’s liquidity and capital position would not be materially affected by not having these funds available for use in the 
U.S. due to the Company’s aforementioned alternate liquidity resources.
 
RGA endeavors to maintain a capital structure that provides financial and operational flexibility to its subsidiaries, credit 
ratings that support its competitive position in the financial services marketplace, and shareholder returns. As part of the Company’s 
capital  deployment  strategy,  it  has  in  recent  years  repurchased  shares  of  RGA  common  stock  and  paid  dividends  to  RGA 
shareholders, as authorized by the board of directors.  In January 2017, RGA’s board of directors authorized a share repurchase 
program, with no expiration date, to repurchase up to $400.0 million of RGA’s outstanding common stock.  The pace of repurchase 
activity depends on various factors such as the level of available cash, an evaluation of the costs and benefits associated with 
alternative uses of excess capital, such as acquisitions and in force reinsurance transactions, and RGA’s stock price.  Details 
underlying dividend and share repurchase program activity were as follows (in thousands, except share data):

Dividends to shareholders
Repurchases of treasury stock (1)
Total amount paid to shareholders

Number of shares repurchased (1)
Average price per share

2017

2016

2015

117,291
26,897
144,188

208,680
128.89

$

$

$

100,371
116,522
216,893

1,356,892
85.87

$

$

$

93,381
375,305
468,686

4,145,440
90.53

$

$

$

(1) Excludes shares utilized to execute and settle certain stock incentive awards.

RGA declared dividends totaling $1.82 per share in 2017. All future payments of dividends are at the discretion of RGA’s 
board of directors and will depend on the Company’s earnings, capital requirements, insurance regulatory conditions, operating 
conditions, and other such factors as the board of directors may deem relevant. The amount of dividends that RGA can pay will 
depend in part on the operations of its reinsurance subsidiaries.

See Note 13 - “Debt” and Note 18 - “Equity” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information 

regarding the Company’s securities transactions.

Statutory Dividend Limitations
 
RCM, RGA Reinsurance and Chesterfield Re are subject to Missouri statutory provisions that restrict the payment of 
dividends. They may not pay dividends in any 12-month period in excess of the greater of the prior year’s statutory net gain from 
operations or 10% of statutory capital and surplus at the preceding year-end, without regulatory approval.  Aurora National is 
subject to California statutory provisions that are identical to those imposed by Missouri regarding the ability of Aurora National 
to pay dividends to RGA Reinsurance.  The applicable statutory provisions only permit an insurer to pay a shareholder dividend 
from unassigned surplus.  Any dividends paid by RGA Reinsurance would be paid to RCM, its parent company, which in turn has 
restrictions related to its ability to pay dividends to RGA. Chesterfield Re would pay dividends to its immediate parent Chesterfield 
Financial, which would in turn pay dividends to RCM, subject to the terms of the indenture for the embedded value securitization 
transaction, in which Chesterfield Financial cannot declare or pay any dividends so long as any private placement notes are 
outstanding. The MDOI allows RCM to pay a dividend to RGA to the extent RCM received the dividend from its subsidiaries, 
without limitation related to the level of unassigned surplus. Dividend payments from other subsidiaries are subject to regulations 
in the jurisdiction of domicile, which are generally based on their earnings and/or capital level. 

The dividend limitations for RCM, RGA Reinsurance and Chesterfield Re are based on statutory financial results. Statutory 
accounting practices differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with 
GAAP. Significant differences include the treatment of deferred acquisition costs, deferred income taxes, required investment 
reserves, reserve calculation assumptions and surplus notes.
 
Dividend payments from non-U.S. operations are subject to similar restrictions established by local regulators. The non-
U.S. regulatory regimes also commonly limit the dividend payments to the parent to a portion of the prior year’s statutory income, 
as determined by the local accounting principles. The regulators of the Company’s non-U.S. operations may also limit or prohibit 
profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the U.S. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial 
strength of the non-U.S. operations, or for other reasons. Most of the non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries 
which  are  owned  by  various  non-U.S.  holding  companies. The  capital  and  rating  considerations  applicable  to  the  first  tier 
subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow to RGA.

62

Debt

Certain of the Company’s debt agreements contain financial covenant restrictions related to, among others, liens, the 
issuance and disposition of stock of restricted subsidiaries, minimum requirements of consolidated net worth, maximum ratios of 
debt to capitalization and change of control provisions. The Company is required to maintain a minimum consolidated net worth, 
as defined in the debt agreements, of $3.5 billion, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. Also, consolidated indebtedness, 
calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, cannot exceed 35% of the sum of the Company’s consolidated indebtedness 
plus adjusted consolidated stockholders’ equity. A material ongoing covenant default could require immediate payment of the 
amount due, including principal, under the various agreements. Additionally, the Company’s debt agreements contain cross-default 
covenants, which would make outstanding borrowings immediately payable in the event of a material uncured covenant default 
under any of the agreements, including, but not limited to, non-payment of indebtedness when due for an amount in excess of the 
amounts set forth in those agreements, bankruptcy proceedings, or any other event which results in the acceleration of the maturity 
of indebtedness. 

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, in outstanding borrowings 
under its debt agreements and was in compliance with all covenants under those agreements. As of December 31, 2017, the average 
interest rate on long-term debt outstanding was 5.24% compared to 5.16% at the end of 2016.  The ability of the Company to make 
debt principal and interest payments depends on the earnings and surplus of subsidiaries, investment earnings on undeployed 
capital proceeds, available liquidity at the holding company, and the Company’s ability to raise additional funds. 

The Company enters into derivative agreements with counterparties that reference either the Company’s debt rating or 
its financial strength rating. If either rating is downgraded in the future, it could trigger certain terms in the Company’s derivative 
agreements, which could negatively affect overall liquidity. For the majority of the Company’s derivative agreements, there is a 
termination event, at the Company’s option, should the long-term senior debt ratings drop below either BBB+ (S&P) or Baa1 
(Moody’s) or the financial strength ratings drop below either A- (S&P) or A3 (Moody’s).
 
In June 2016, RGA issued 3.95% Senior Notes due September 15, 2026 with a face amount of $400.0 million and 5.75% 
Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures due June 15, 2056 with a face amount of $400.0 million.  These securities have 
been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The net proceeds from these offerings were approximately $791.2 
million and were used in part to repay upon maturity the Company’s $300.0 million 5.625% senior notes that matured in March 
2017.  The remainder will be used for general corporate purposes. Capitalized issue costs were approximately $8.8 million.

The Company may borrow up to $850.0 million in cash and obtain letters of credit in multiple currencies on its revolving 
credit facility that matures in September 2019. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had no cash borrowings outstanding and 
$96.6 million in issued, but undrawn, letters of credit under this facility. 

Based on the historic cash flows and the current financial results of the Company, management believes RGA’s cash 

flows will be sufficient to enable RGA to meet its obligations for at least the next 12 months.

Letters of Credit

The Company has obtained bank letters of credit in favor of various affiliated and unaffiliated insurance companies from 
which the Company assumes business. These letters of credit represent guarantees of performance under the reinsurance agreements 
and allow ceding companies to take statutory reserve credits. Certain of these letters of credit contain financial covenant restrictions 
similar to those described in the “Debt” discussion above. At December 31, 2017, there were approximately $120.1 million of 
outstanding bank letters of credit in favor of third parties. Additionally, in accordance with applicable regulations, the Company 
utilizes letters of credit to secure statutory reserve credits when it retrocedes business to its affiliated subsidiaries. The Company 
cedes business to its affiliates to help reduce the amount of regulatory capital required in certain jurisdictions, such as the U.S. 
and the UK. The Company believes the capital required to support the business in the affiliates reflects more realistic expectations 
than the original jurisdiction of the business, where capital requirements are often considered to be quite conservative. As of 
December 31, 2017, $1.5 billion in letters of credit from various banks were outstanding, but undrawn, backing reinsurance between 
the various subsidiaries of the Company. See Note 13—“Debt” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information 
regarding the Company’s letter of credit facilities.

Collateral Finance and Securitization Notes and Statutory Reserve Funding
 
The Company uses various internal and third-party reinsurance arrangements and funding sources to manage statutory 
reserve strain, including reserves associated with the U.S. Valuation of Life Policies Model Regulation (commonly referred to as 
Regulation XXX), and collateral requirements. Assets in trust and letters of credit are often used as collateral in these arrangements. 
 
Regulation  XXX,  implemented  in  the  U.S.  for  various  types  of  life  insurance  business  beginning  January 1,  2000, 
significantly increased the level of reserves that U.S. life insurance and life reinsurance companies must hold on their statutory 
financial statements for various types of life insurance business, primarily certain level premium term life products. The reserve 
levels required under Regulation XXX increase over time and are normally in excess of reserves required under GAAP. In situations 

63

where primary insurers have reinsured business to reinsurers that are unlicensed and unaccredited in the U.S., the reinsurer must 
provide collateral equal to its reinsurance reserves in order for the ceding company to receive statutory financial statement credit. 
In order to manage the effect of Regulation XXX on its statutory financial statements, RGA Reinsurance has retroceded a majority 
of Regulation XXX reserves to unaffiliated and affiliated reinsurers, both licensed and unlicensed.
 
RGA Reinsurance’s statutory capital may be significantly reduced if the unlicensed unaffiliated or affiliated reinsurer is 
unable to provide the required collateral to support RGA Reinsurance’s statutory reserve credits and RGA Reinsurance cannot 
find an alternative source for collateral.
 
The Company has issued both collateral finance and securitization notes.  The consolidated balance sheets include 
outstanding notes of $783.9 million and $840.7 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  See Note 14 - “Collateral 
Finance and Securitization Notes” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the 
Company’s collateral finance and securitization notes.
 
The demand for financing of the ceded reserve credits associated with the Company’s assumed term life business has 
grown at a slower rate in recent years.  The Company has been able to utilize its certified reinsurer, RGA Americas, as a means 
of reducing the burden of financing Regulation XXX and other types of reserves.  The Company’s Regulation XXX statutory 
reserve requirements associated with term life business and other statutory reserve requirements continues to require the Company 
to obtain additional letters of credit, put additional assets in trust, or utilize other funding mechanisms to support reserve credits.  
If the Company is unable to support the reserve credits, the regulatory capital levels of several of its subsidiaries may be significantly 
reduced, while the regulatory capital requirements for these subsidiaries would not change. The reduction in regulatory capital 
would not directly affect the Company’s consolidated shareholders’ equity under GAAP; however, it could affect the Company’s 
ability to write new business and retain existing business.
 
Affiliated  captives  are  commonly  used  in  the  insurance  industry  to  help  manage  statutory  reserve  and  collateral 
requirements and are often domiciled in the same state as the insurance company that sponsors the captive.  The NAIC has analyzed 
the insurance industry’s use of affiliated captive reinsurers to satisfy certain reserve requirements and has adopted measures to 
promote uniformity in both the approval and supervision of such reinsurers. New standards to address the use of captive reinsurers 
were implemented, allowing current captives to continue in accordance with their currently approved plans.  State insurance 
regulators that regulate the Company’s domestic insurance companies have placed additional restrictions on the use of newly 
established captive reinsurers which may increase costs and add complexity.  As a result, the Company may need to alter the type 
and volume of business it reinsures, increase prices on those products, raise additional capital to support higher regulatory reserves 
or implement higher cost strategies, all of which could adversely affect the Company’s competitive position and its results of 
operations.  It is also possible that the NAIC could place limits on the recognition of capital held in related party captives when 
adopting its group capital calculation.  Doing so would adversely impact the amount of capital that the group would otherwise be 
able to recognize and report as capital resident in the group.
 
In the U.S., the introduction of the certified reinsurer has provided an alternative way to manage collateral requirements. 
In 2014, RGA Americas was designated as a certified reinsurer by the MDOI. This designation allows the Company to retrocede 
business to RGA Americas in lieu of using captives for collateral requirements.  Effective in 2017, principles-based reserves are 
permitted in the U.S.  During 2016, the NAIC amended the standard valuation law to adopt life principles-based reserving that 
was effective January 1, 2017, allowing a three-year adoption period.  The Company has chosen not to establish captives subject 
to the new regulations as it evaluates the impact of the regulations on new captives, and how these new captives fit into the 
Company’s overall risk management and financing programs.

Assets in Trust

Some treaties give ceding companies the right to request that the Company place assets in trust for the benefit of the 
cedant to support statutory reserve credits in the event of a downgrade of the Company’s ratings to specified levels, generally non-
investment grade levels, or if minimum levels of financial condition are not maintained. As of December 31, 2017, these treaties 
had approximately $2.9 billion in statutory reserves. Assets placed in trust continue to be owned by the Company, but their use is 
restricted based on the terms of the trust agreement. Securities with an amortized cost of $2.2 billion were held in trust for the 
benefit of certain RGA subsidiaries to satisfy collateral requirements for reinsurance business at December 31, 2017. Additionally, 
securities with an amortized cost of $15.6 billion as of December 31, 2017, were held in trust to satisfy collateral requirements 
under certain third-party reinsurance treaties. Under certain conditions, the Company may be obligated to move reinsurance from 
one subsidiary of RGA to another subsidiary or make payments under a given treaty. These conditions include change in control 
or ratings of the subsidiary, insolvency, nonperformance under a treaty, or loss of reinsurance license of such subsidiary. If the 
Company was ever required to perform under these obligations, the risk to the Company on a consolidated basis under the 
reinsurance treaties would not change; however, additional capital may be required due to the change in jurisdiction of the subsidiary 
reinsuring the business, which could lead to a strain on liquidity.

Proceeds from the notes issued by Timberlake Financial and RGA’s direct investment in Timberlake Financial were 
deposited into a series of trust accounts as collateral and are not available to satisfy the general obligations of the Company. As 

64

of December 31, 2017 the Company held deposits in trust and in custody of $841.5 million for this purpose, which is not included 
in the figures above.   A reserve account has been established to cover interest payments on notes issued by Chesterfield Financial 
that are not available to satisfy the general obligations of the Company.  As of December 31, 2017 the Company held deposits in 
trust of $19.4 million for this purpose, which is not included in the figures above.  See “Collateral Finance and Securitization 
Notes and Statutory Reserve Funding” above for additional information on the Timberlake Financial and Chesterfield Financial 
notes.

Reinsurance Operations

Reinsurance agreements, whether facultative or automatic, generally provide recapture provisions. Most U.S.-based 
reinsurance treaties include a recapture right for ceding companies, generally after 10 years. Outside of the U.S., treaties primarily 
include a mutually agreed-upon recapture provision. Recapture rights permit the ceding company to reassume all or a portion of 
the risk formerly ceded to the reinsurer. In some situations, the Company has the right to place assets in trust for the benefit of the 
ceding party in lieu of recapture. Additionally, certain treaties may grant recapture rights to ceding companies in the event of a 
significant decrease in RGA Reinsurance’s NAIC risk based capital ratio or financial strength rating. The RBC ratio trigger varies 
by treaty, with the majority between 125% and 225% of the NAIC’s company action level. Financial strength rating triggers vary 
by treaty with the majority of the triggers reached if RGA Reinsurance’s financial strength rating falls five notches from its current 
rating of “AA-” to the “BBB” level on the S&P scale. Recapture of business previously ceded does not affect premiums ceded 
prior to the recapture of such business, but would reduce premiums in subsequent periods. Upon recapture, the Company would 
reflect a net gain or loss on the settlement of the assets and liabilities associated with the treaty. In some cases, the ceding company 
is required to pay the Company a recapture fee. The Company estimates approximately $453.8 billion of its gross assumed in 
force business, as of December 31, 2017, was subject to treaties where the ceding company could recapture in the event minimum 
levels of financial condition or ratings were not maintained.

Guarantees

RGA has issued guarantees to third parties on behalf of its subsidiaries for the payment of amounts due under certain 
reinsurance  treaties,  securities  borrowing  arrangements,  financing  arrangements  and  office  lease  obligations,  whereby  if  a 
subsidiary fails to meet an obligation, RGA or one of its other subsidiaries will make a payment to fulfill the obligation. In limited 
circumstances, treaty guarantees are granted to ceding companies in order to provide additional security, particularly in cases 
where RGA’s subsidiary is relatively new, unrated, or not of significant size, relative to the ceding company.  Potential guaranteed 
amounts of future payments will vary depending on production levels and underwriting results. Guarantees related to borrowed 
securities provide additional security to third parties should a subsidiary fail to return the borrowed securities when due.  RGA 
has issued payment guarantees on behalf of two of its subsidiaries in the event the subsidiaries fail to make payment under their 
office lease obligations.  See Note 12 - “Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements for a table that presents the amounts for guarantees, by type, issued by the Company.

In addition, the Company indemnifies its directors and officers pursuant to its charters and by-laws. Since this indemnity 
generally is not subject to limitation with respect to duration or amount, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine 
the maximum potential amount due under this indemnity in the future.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company has commitments to fund investments in limited partnerships, joint ventures, commercial mortgage loans, 
private placement investments and bank loans, including revolving credit agreements.  See Note 12 - “Commitments, Contingencies 
and Guarantees” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company’s commitments 
to fund investments and other off-balance sheet arrangements.

The Company has not engaged in trading activities involving non-exchange-traded contracts reported at fair value, nor 
has it engaged in relationships or transactions with persons or entities that derive benefits from their non-independent relationship 
with the Company.

Cash Flows

The Company’s principal cash inflows from its reinsurance operations include premiums and deposit funds received 
from ceding companies. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are early recapture of the reinsurance 
contract by the ceding company and lapses of annuity products reinsured by the Company. The Company’s principal cash inflows 
from its invested assets result from investment income and the maturity and sales of invested assets. The primary liquidity concerns 
with respect to these cash inflows relates to the risk of default by debtors and interest rate volatility. The Company manages these 
risks very closely. See “Investments” and “Interest Rate Risk” below.

Additional sources of liquidity to meet unexpected cash outflows in excess of operating cash inflows and current cash 
and equivalents on hand include selling short-term investments or fixed maturity securities and drawing funds under a revolving 
credit facility, under which the Company had availability of $753.4 million as of December 31, 2017. The Company also has $1.1 

65

billion of funds available through collateralized borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines (“FHLB”) as of 
December 31, 2017.  As of December 31, 2017, the Company could have borrowed these additional amounts without violating 
any of its existing debt covenants.

The Company’s principal cash outflows relate to the payment of claims liabilities, interest credited, operating expenses, 
income taxes, dividends to shareholders, purchases of treasury stock, and principal and interest under debt and other financing 
obligations. The Company seeks to limit its exposure to loss on any single insured and to recover a portion of benefits paid by 
ceding reinsurance to other insurance enterprises or reinsurers under excess coverage and coinsurance contracts (See Note 2, 
“Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company performs annual 
financial reviews of its retrocessionaires to evaluate financial stability and performance. The Company has never experienced a 
material default in connection with retrocession arrangements, nor has it experienced any difficulty in collecting claims recoverable 
from retrocessionaires; however, no assurance can be given as to the future performance of such retrocessionaires nor to the 
recoverability of future claims. The Company’s management believes its current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet its cash 
requirements for the next 12 months.

Summary of Primary Sources and Uses of Liquidity and Capital 

 

The Company’s primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands):

Sources:

Net cash provided by operating activities
Proceeds from long-term debt issuance
Proceeds from issuance of collateral finance and securitization notes
Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangement
Exercise of stock options, net
Change in cash collateral for derivatives and other arrangements
Cash provided by changes in universal life and other

investment type policies and contracts

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

Total sources

Uses:

Net cash used in investing activities
Dividends to stockholders
Repayment of collateral finance and securitization notes
Debt issuance costs
Principal payments of long-term debt
Purchases of treasury stock
Change in cash collateral for derivatives and other arrangements
Cash used for changes in universal life and other

$

For the years ended December 31,

2016

2017

2015

$

1,982,308
—
—
—
7,292
—

265,318
52,693
2,307,611

1,607,573
117,291
68,429
—
302,582
43,508
65,422

$

1,421,076
799,984
—
162
15,321
26,413

512,612
—
2,775,568

2,781,084
100,371
64,571
8,766
2,479
122,916
—

2,088,615
—
164,220
2,963
11,151
52,381

—
—
2,319,330

1,431,741
93,381
19,732
4,748
2,380
384,519
—

Total uses

investment type policies and contracts

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

434,237
68,986
2,439,724
(120,394)
Cash Flows from Operations - The principal cash inflows from the Company’s reinsurance activities come from premiums, 
investment and fee income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. The principal cash outflows relate to the liabilities associated 
with various life and health insurance, annuity and disability products, operating expenses, income tax and interest on outstanding 
debt obligations. The primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of shortfalls in premiums and investment 
income, particularly in periods with abnormally high claims levels.

—
19,938
3,100,125
(324,557)

—
—
2,204,805
102,806

$

$

$

Cash  Flows  from  Investments  -  The  principal  cash  inflows  from  the  Company’s  investment  activities  come  from 
repayments of principal on invested assets, proceeds from sales and maturities of invested assets, and settlements of freestanding 
derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding 
derivatives.  The Company typically has a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations 
are reinvested in accordance with its asset/liability management discipline to fund insurance liabilities. The Company closely 
monitors and manages these risks through its credit risk management process. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these 
cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption, which could make it difficult for the Company to sell investments.
Financing Cash Flows - The principal cash inflows from the Company’s financing activities come from issuances of 
RGA debt and equity securities, and deposit funds associated with universal life and other investment type policies and contracts. 
The principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt, payments of dividends to stockholders, purchases of treasury stock, 
and withdrawals associated with universal life and other investment type policies and contracts.  A primary liquidity concern with 
respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal.

66

Contractual Obligations

The following table displays the Company’s contractual obligations, including obligations arising from its reinsurance 

business (in millions):

 

Payment Due by Period

Future policy benefits(1)
Interest-sensitive contract liabilities(2)
Long-term debt, including interest
Collateral finance and securitization notes, including interest(3)
Other policy claims and benefits
Operating leases
Limited partnership interests and joint ventures
Payables for collateral received under derivative transactions
Other investment related commitments
Total

Total
7,837.7
24,372.9
5,781.0
865.1
4,992.1
38.2
485.2
185.9
288.4
44,846.5

$

$

$

Less than 1 Year
$

1-3 Years

4-5 Years

(366.6) $
2,039.8
156.2
112.7
4,992.1
11.2
485.2
185.9
288.4
7,904.9

$

(791.1) $
4,019.5
686.6
397.0
—
12.0
—
—
—
4,324.0

$

After 5 Years
9,732.3
14,474.4
4,297.4
161.7
—
9.5
—
—
—
28,675.3

(736.9) $
3,839.2
640.8
193.7
—
5.5
—
—
—
3,942.3

$

(1)  Future policyholder benefits include liabilities related primarily to the Company’s reinsurance of life and health insurance products. Amounts presented in 
the table above represent the estimated obligations as they become due to ceding companies for benefits under such contracts, and also include future 
premiums, allowances and other amounts due to or from the ceding companies as the result of the Company’s assumptions of mortality, morbidity, policy 
lapse and surrender risk as appropriate to the respective product. Total payments may vary materially from prior years due to the assumption of new treaties 
or as a result of changes in projections of future experience. All estimated cash payments presented in the table above are undiscounted as to interest, net of 
estimated future premiums on policies currently in force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. The sum of the undiscounted estimated cash flows shown 
for all years in the table is an obligation of $7,837.7 million compared to the discounted liability amount of $22,363.2 million included on the consolidated 
balance sheets, substantially all due to the effects of discounting the estimated cash flows in the balance sheet liability. The time value of money is not 
factored into the calculations in the table above. In addition, differences will arise due to changes in the projection of future benefit payments compared with 
those developed when the reserve was established. Expected premiums can exceed expected policy benefit payments and allowances due to the nature of 
the reinsurance treaties, which generally have increasing premium rates that exceed the increasing benefit payments.
Interest-sensitive contract liabilities include amounts related to the Company’s reinsurance of asset-intensive products, primarily deferred annuities and 
corporate-owned life insurance. Amounts presented in the table above represent the estimated obligations as they become due both to and from ceding 
companies relating to activity of the underlying policyholders. Amounts presented in the table above represent the estimated obligations under such contracts 
undiscounted  as  to  interest,  including  assumptions  related  to  surrenders,  withdrawals,  premium  persistency,  partial  withdrawals,  surrender  charges, 
annuitizations, mortality, future interest credited rates and policy loan utilization. The sum of the obligations shown for all years in the table of $24,372.9 
million exceeds the liability amount of $16,227.6 million included on the consolidated balance sheets principally due to the lack of discounting and accounting 
for separate account contracts.
Includes the Manor Re collateral financing arrangement that does not appear on the consolidated balance sheets due to a master netting agreement where 
the Company holds a term deposit note of equal value from the counterparty.

(2) 

(3) 

Excluded from the table above are net deferred income tax liabilities, unrecognized tax benefits, and accrued interest 
related to unrecognized tax benefits of $2,319.1 million, for which the Company cannot reliably determine the timing of payment. 
Current income tax payable is also excluded from the table.

The net funded status of the Company’s qualified and nonqualified pension and other postretirement liabilities included 
within other liabilities has been excluded from the amounts presented in the table above. As of December 31, 2017, the Company 
had a net unfunded balance of $139.1 million related to qualified and nonqualified pension and other postretirement liabilities. 
See Note 10 – “Employee Benefit Plans” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to the Company’s 
obligations and funding requirements for pension and other post-employment benefits.

Asset / Liability Management

The Company actively manages its cash and invested assets using an approach that is intended to balance quality, 
diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity and investment return. The goals of the investment process are to optimize after-
tax, risk-adjusted investment income and after-tax, risk-adjusted total return while managing the assets and liabilities on a cash 
flow and duration basis.

The Company has established target asset portfolios for its operating segments, which represent the investment strategies 
intended to profitably fund its liabilities within acceptable risk parameters. These strategies include objectives and limits for 
effective duration, yield curve sensitivity and convexity, liquidity, asset sector concentration and credit quality.

The Company’s asset-intensive products are primarily supported by investments in fixed maturity securities reflected on 
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and under funds withheld arrangements with the ceding company. Investment guidelines 
are established to structure the investment portfolio based upon the type, duration and behavior of products in the liability portfolio 
so as to achieve targeted levels of profitability. The Company manages the asset-intensive business to provide a targeted spread 
between the interest rate earned on investments and the interest rate credited to the underlying interest-sensitive contract liabilities. 
The Company periodically reviews models projecting different interest rate scenarios and their effect on profitability. Certain of 

67

these asset-intensive agreements, primarily in the U.S. and Latin America Financial Solutions operating segment, are generally 
funded by fixed maturity securities that are withheld by the ceding company.

The Company’s liquidity position (cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments) was $1,396.8 million and 
$1,277.4 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The increase in cash and cash equivalents during 2017 is primarily 
related to the timing and execution of the Company’s investment strategies.  Cash and cash equivalents includes cash collateral 
received from derivative counterparties of $185.9 million and $254.5 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
This unrestricted cash collateral is included in cash and cash equivalents and the obligation to return it is included in other liabilities 
in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Liquidity needs are determined from valuation analyses conducted by operational 
units and are driven by product portfolios. Periodic evaluations of demand liabilities and short-term liquid assets are designed to 
adjust specific portfolios, as well as their durations and maturities, in response to anticipated liquidity needs.

See  “Securities  Borrowing,  Lending  and  Other”  in  Note  4  -  “Investments”  in  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements for information related to the Company’s securities borrowing, lending and repurchase/reverse repurchase programs. 
In addition to its security agreements with third parties, certain RGA’s subsidiaries have entered into intercompany securities 
lending agreements to more efficiently source securities for lending to third parties and to provide for more efficient regulatory 
capital management.

The Company is a member of the FHLB and holds $67.8 million of FHLB common stock, which is included in other 
invested  assets  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  balance  sheets.  Membership  provides  the  Company  access  to  borrowing 
arrangements with the FHLB (“advances”) and funding agreements, discussed below.   The Company did not have advances at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016.  The Company’s average outstanding balance of advances was $12.7 million and $28.5 million in 
2017 and 2016, respectively. Interest on advances is reflected in interest expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of 
income.

In addition, the Company has also entered into funding agreements with the FHLB under guaranteed investment contracts 
whereby the Company has issued the funding agreements in exchange for cash and for which the FHLB has been granted a blanket 
lien on the Company’s commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage loans used to collateralize 
the Company’s obligations under the funding agreements. The Company maintains control over these pledged assets, and may 
use, commingle, encumber or dispose of any portion of the collateral as long as there is no event of default and the remaining 
qualified  collateral  is  sufficient  to  satisfy  the  collateral  maintenance  level. The  funding  agreements  and  the  related  security 
agreements represented by this blanket lien provide that upon any event of default by the Company, the FHLB’s recovery is limited 
to the amount of the Company’s liability under the outstanding funding agreements. The amount of the Company’s liability for 
the funding agreements with the FHLB under guaranteed investment contracts was $1.4 billion and $1.1 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively, which is included in interest sensitive contract liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance 
sheets. The advances on these agreements are collateralized primarily by commercial and residential mortgage-backed securities, 
commercial mortgage loans, and U.S. Treasury and government agency securities. The amount of collateral exceeds the liability 
and is dependent on the type of assets collateralizing the guaranteed investment contracts.

Investments
Management of Investments

The Company’s investment and derivative strategies involve matching the characteristics of its reinsurance products and 
other obligations and to seek to closely approximate the interest rate sensitivity of the assets with estimated interest rate sensitivity 
of the reinsurance liabilities. The Company achieves its income objectives through strategic and tactical asset allocations, security 
and derivative strategies within an asset/liability management and disciplined risk management framework. Derivative strategies 
are employed within the Company’s risk management framework to help manage duration, currency, and other risks in assets and/
or liabilities and to replicate the credit characteristics of certain assets. For a discussion of the Company’s risk management process 
see “Market and Credit Risk” in the “Enterprise Risk Management” section below.

The Company’s  portfolio management groups  work  with the  Enterprise Risk Management function to  develop the 
investment policies for the assets of the Company’s domestic and international investment portfolios. All investments held by the 
Company, directly or in a funds withheld at interest reinsurance arrangement, are monitored for conformance with the Company’s 
stated investment policy limits as well as any limits prescribed by the applicable jurisdiction’s insurance laws and regulations. 
See Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Company’s 
investments.

68

Portfolio Composition

The Company had total cash and invested assets of $53.0 billion and $46.0 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 

respectively, as illustrated below (dollars in thousands):
 

Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale
Mortgage loans on real estate
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Short-term investments
Other invested assets
Cash and cash equivalents

Total cash and invested assets

Investment Yield

2017
38,150,820
4,400,533
1,357,624
6,083,388
93,304
1,605,484
1,303,524
52,994,677

$

$

% of Total

71.9% $
8.3
2.6
11.5
0.2
3.0
2.5

100.0% $

2016
32,093,625
3,775,522
1,427,602
5,875,919
76,710
1,591,940
1,200,718
46,042,036

% of Total

69.6%
8.2
3.1
12.8
0.2
3.5
2.6

100.0%

The following table presents consolidated average invested assets at amortized cost, net investment income and investment 
yield, excluding spread related business. Spread related business is primarily associated with contracts on which the Company 
earns an interest rate spread between assets and liabilities. To varying degrees, fluctuations in the yield on other spread related 
business is generally subject to corresponding adjustments to the interest credited on the liabilities (dollars in thousands).

 
 
Average invested assets at amortized cost
Net investment income
Investment yield (ratio of net investment
income to average invested assets)

 

$

2017
25,225,400
1,147,713

 

$

2016
23,188,717
1,060,641

 

$

2015
20,784,941
1,002,197

Increase /(Decrease)

2017

2016

8.8%
8.2%

11.6%
5.8%

4.55%

4.57%

4.82%

(2) bps

(25) bps

Investment yield was progressively lower each year primarily due to the effect of a lower interest rate environment 

notably in the U.S. and Canada. 

Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale

See “Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for tables that provide the amortized cost, unrealized gains and losses, estimated fair value of fixed maturity 
and equity securities, and the other-than-temporary impairments in AOCI by sector as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The Company holds various types of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale and classifies them as corporate securities 
(“Corporate”), Canadian and Canadian provincial government securities (“Canadian government”), residential mortgage-backed 
securities (“RMBS”), asset-backed securities (“ABS”), commercial mortgage-backed securities (“CMBS”), U.S. government and 
agencies  (“U.S.  government”),  state  and  political  subdivisions,  and  other  foreign  government,  supranational  and  foreign 
government-sponsored enterprises (“Other foreign government”).  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately 95.6% and 
95.0%, respectively, of the Company’s consolidated investment portfolio of fixed maturity securities were investment grade.

Important factors in the selection of investments include diversification, quality, yield, call protection and total rate of 
return potential. The relative importance of these factors is determined by market conditions and the underlying reinsurance liability 
and existing portfolio characteristics. The largest asset class in which fixed maturity securities were invested was in corporate 
securities, which represented approximately 60.9% of total fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2017, compared to 61.1%
at December 31, 2016.  See “Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements for tables showing the major industry types which comprise the corporate fixed maturity holdings at December 31, 
2017 and 2016.

As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s investments in Canadian government securities represented 11.1% of the fair 
value of total fixed maturity securities compared to 11.4% of the fair value of total fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2016. 
These assets are primarily high-quality long duration provincial strips, the valuation of which is closely linked to the interest rate 
curve.  These  assets  are  longer  in  duration  and  held  primarily  for  asset/liability  management  to  meet  Canadian  regulatory 
requirements. See “Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for tables showing the various sectors as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The Company owns floating rate securities that represent approximately 13.8% and 12.9% of the total fixed maturity 
securities at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. These investments have a higher degree of income variability than the 
other fixed income holdings in the portfolio due to the floating rate nature of the interest payments. The Company holds these 

69

investments to match specific floating rate liabilities primarily reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as collateral finance 
notes, as well as to enhance asset management strategies.  

The Company references rating agency designations in some of its investments disclosures. These designations are 

 
based on the ratings from nationally recognized statistical rating organizations, primarily Moody’s, S&P and Fitch. Structured 
securities (mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities) held by the Company’s insurance subsidiaries that maintain the NAIC 
statutory basis of accounting utilize the NAIC rating methodology. The NAIC assigns designations to publicly traded as well as 
privately placed securities. The designations assigned by the NAIC range from class 1 to class 6, with designations in classes 1 
and 2 generally considered investment grade (BBB or higher rating agency designation). NAIC designations in classes 3 
through 6 are generally considered below investment grade (BB or lower rating agency designation).

The quality of the Company’s available-for-sale fixed maturity securities portfolio, as measured at fair value and by the 
percentage of fixed maturity securities invested in various ratings categories, relative to the entire available-for-sale fixed maturity 
security portfolio, at December 31, 2017 and 2016 was as follows (dollars in thousands):

 

 

NAIC

Designation

Rating Agency
Designation

1
2
3
4
5
6

AAA/AA/A
BBB
BB
B
CCC
In or near default

Total

Amortized Cost
23,534,574
$
10,115,008
1,139,200
408,990
78,143
5,497
35,281,412

$

2017

Estimated
Fair Value

25,762,103
10,709,170
1,173,639
420,284
79,747
5,877
38,150,820

$

$

% of Total

Amortized Cost
19,813,653
8,834,469
944,839
414,087
187,744
16,995
30,211,787

67.5% $
28.1
3.1
1.1
0.2
—

100.0% $

2016

Estimated
Fair Value

21,369,081
9,162,483
955,735
411,138
177,481
17,707
32,093,625

$

$

% of Total

66.5%
28.5
3.0
1.3
0.6
0.1

100.0%

The Company’s fixed maturity portfolio includes structured securities. The following table shows the types of structured 

securities the Company held at December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
 
 
RMBS:

Agency
Non-agency
Total RMBS
CMBS
ABS

Total

2017

2016

 

$

$

Amortized Cost

Estimated
Fair Value    

878,559
816,567
1,695,126
1,285,594
1,634,758
4,615,478

$

$

896,977
822,903
1,719,880
1,303,387
1,648,362
4,671,629

 

$

$

Amortized Cost

Estimated
Fair Value    

579,686
678,353
1,258,039
1,342,440
1,443,822
4,044,301

$

$

602,549
676,027
1,278,576
1,363,654
1,429,344
4,071,574

The Company’s RMBS include agency-issued pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. A majority 
of  the  agency-issued  pass-through  securities  are  guaranteed  or  otherwise  supported  by  the  Federal  Home  Loan  Mortgage 
Corporation, Federal National Mortgage Association, or the Government National Mortgage Association. The principal risks 
inherent in holding mortgage-backed securities are prepayment and extension risks, which will affect the timing of when cash will 
be received and are dependent on the level of mortgage interest rates. Prepayment risk is the unexpected increase in principal 
payments from the expected, primarily as a result of owner refinancing. Extension risk relates to the unexpected slowdown in 
principal payments from the expected. In addition, non-agency RMBS face credit risk should the borrower be unable to pay the 
contractual interest or principal on their obligation. The Company monitors its mortgage-backed securities to mitigate exposure 
to the cash flow uncertainties associated with these risks. 
 
The Company’s ABS include credit card receivables, railcar leasing, student loans, single-family rentals, home equity 
loans and collateralized debt obligations (primarily collateralized loan obligations). The principal risks specific to holding ABS 
are structural, credit and capital market risks. Structural risks include the securities’ cash flow priority in the capital structure and 
the inherent prepayment sensitivity of the underlying collateral. Credit risks include the adequacy and ability to realize proceeds 
from the collateral. Credit risks are mitigated by credit enhancements which include excess spread, over-collateralization and 
subordination. Capital market risks include general level of interest rates and the liquidity for these securities in the marketplace.
The Company monitors its fixed maturity and equity securities to determine impairments in value and evaluates factors 
such as financial condition of the issuer, payment performance, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has 
been below amortized cost, compliance with covenants, general market and industry sector conditions, current intent and ability 
to hold securities, and various other subjective factors. Based on management’s judgment, securities determined to have an other-
than-temporary impairment in value are written down to fair value. See “Investments – Other-than-Temporary Impairment” in 

70

Note  2  –  “Summary  of  Significant Accounting  Policies”  in  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  additional 
information.   The table below summarizes other-than-temporary impairments and changes in the mortgage loan provision for 
2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):

 
Impairment losses on available-for-sale securities:

Fixed maturity securities
Equity securities

Other impairment losses
Change in mortgage loan provision

Total

2017

2016

2015

$

$

42,639
1,202
7,806
1,691
53,338

$

$

38,731
—
10,134
872
49,737

$

$

57,380
—
6,611
342
64,333

 
The fixed maturity impairments in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were largely related to high-yield energy and emerging market 
corporate securities.  The equity impairments in 2017 were related to an equity position received as part of a debt restructuring.  
There were no impairment losses on equity securities in 2016 and 2015.  In addition, other impairment losses in 2017, 2016 and 
2015 are primarily due to impairments on limited partnerships.
 
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $117.0 million and $374.9 million, respectively, of gross unrealized 
losses related to its fixed maturity and equity securities. The distribution of the gross unrealized losses related to these securities 
is shown below:

 
Sector:
Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total

Industry:
Finance
Asset-backed
Industrial
Mortgage-backed
Government
Utility
Total

2017

2016

 

 

50.5%
1.5
10.2
4.4
4.1
18.7
3.7
6.9

100.0%

16.3%
4.4
30.8
14.3
30.8
3.4

100.0%

61.6%
0.9
3.6
6.4
2.1
16.8
3.3
5.3

100.0%

20.1%
6.4
32.9
5.7
26.3
8.6

100.0%

See “Unrealized Losses for Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a table that presents the total gross unrealized losses for fixed maturity securities 
and equity securities at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, where the estimated fair value had declined and remained 
below amortized cost by less than 20% or more than 20%.

The Company’s determination of whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary includes analysis of the underlying 
credit and the extent and duration of a decline in value. The Company’s credit analysis of an investment includes determining 
whether the issuer is current on its contractual payments, evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be able to collect 
all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the security and analyzing the overall ability of the Company to recover the 
amortized cost of the investment. In the Company’s impairment review process, the duration and severity of an unrealized loss 
position for equity securities are given greater weight and consideration given the lack of contractual cash flows and the deferability 
features of these securities. 

See “Unrealized Losses for Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for tables that present the estimated fair values and gross unrealized losses, including 
other-than-temporary impairment losses reported in AOCI, for fixed maturity and equity securities that have estimated fair values 
below amortized cost, by class and grade security, as well as the length of time the related market value has remained below 
amortized cost as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, the Company classified approximately 5.9% and 6.9% of its fixed 
maturity securities in the Level 3 category (refer to Note 6 – “Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities” in the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information). These securities primarily consist of private placement corporate securities, bank 

71

loans, Canadian provincial strips, below investment grade mortgage-backed securities and subprime asset-backed securities with 
inactive trading markets.

See “Securities Borrowing, Lending and Other” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements for information related to the Company’s securities borrowing, lending, repurchase and repurchase/reverse repurchase 
programs.

Mortgage Loans on Real Estate

Mortgage loans represented approximately 8.3% and 8.2% of the Company’s cash and invested assets as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company’s mortgage loan portfolio consists of U.S. and Canada based investments primarily 
in commercial offices, light industrial properties and retail locations. The mortgage loan portfolio is diversified by geographic 
region and property type. Most of the mortgage loans in the Company’s portfolio range in size up to $30.0 million, with the average 
mortgage  loan  investment  as  of  December 31,  2017  totaling  approximately  $9.5  million.  The  mortgage  loan  portfolio  was 
diversified by geographic region and property type as discussed further under “Mortgage Loans on Real Estate” in Note 4 - 
“Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
and expenses and valuation allowances, were distributed geographically as follows (dollars in thousands):

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s mortgage loans, gross of unamortized deferred loan origination fees 

 

Pacific
South Atlantic
Mountain
East North Central
West North Central
West South Central
Middle Atlantic
East South Central
New England

Subtotal - U.S.

Canada
Total

2017

2016

Recorded
Investment

% of Total

Recorded
Investment

% of Total

$

$

1,258,753
896,117
694,324
527,316
309,326
387,151
137,600
96,887
5,700
4,313,174
99,997
4,413,171

28.6% $
20.3
15.7
11.9
7.0
8.8
3.1
2.2
0.1
97.7
2.3

100.0% $

1,112,636
782,509
615,915
422,512
318,212
317,194
92,683
57,216
9,346
3,728,223
54,984
3,783,207

29.4%
20.7
16.3
11.2
8.4
8.4
2.4
1.5
0.2
98.5
1.5

100.0%

Valuation allowances on mortgage loans are established based upon inherent losses expected by management to be 
realized in connection with future dispositions or settlement of mortgage loans, including foreclosures. The valuation allowances 
are established after management considers, among other things, the value of underlying collateral and payment capabilities of 
debtors. Any subsequent adjustments to the valuation allowances will be treated as investment gains or losses.

See “Mortgage Loans on Real Estate” in Note 4 - “Investments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for 

information regarding valuation allowances and impairments.

Policy Loans

Policy loans comprised approximately 2.6% and 3.1% of the Company’s cash and invested assets as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively, substantially all of which are associated with one client. These policy loans present no credit risk 
because the amount of the loan cannot exceed the obligation due the ceding company upon the death of the insured or surrender 
of the underlying policy. The provisions of the treaties in force and the underlying policies determine the policy loan interest rates. 
The Company earns a spread between the interest rate earned on policy loans and the interest rate credited to corresponding 
liabilities.

Funds Withheld at Interest

Funds withheld at interest comprised approximately 11.5% and 12.8% of the Company’s cash and invested assets as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  For reinsurance agreements written on a modified coinsurance basis and certain 
agreements written on a coinsurance basis, assets equal to the net statutory reserves are withheld and legally owned and managed 
by the ceding company, and are reflected as funds withheld at interest on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. In the event 
of a ceding company’s insolvency, the Company would need to assert a claim on the assets supporting its reserve liabilities. 
However, the risk of loss to the Company is mitigated by its ability to offset amounts it owes the ceding company for claims or 
allowances with amounts owed by the ceding company.  Ceding companies with funds withheld at interest had an average financial 

72

strength rating of “A” at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Certain ceding companies maintain segregated portfolios for the benefit 
of the Company.

The majority of the Company’s funds withheld at interest balances are associated with its reinsurance of annuity contracts. 
The funds withheld receivable balance for segregated portfolios is subject to the general accounting principles for Derivatives and 
Hedging related to embedded derivatives for both periods. 

Under these principles, the Company’s funds withheld receivable under certain reinsurance arrangements incorporate 
credit risk exposures that are unrelated or only partially related to the creditworthiness of the obligor and include an embedded 
derivative feature that is not clearly and closely related to the host contract. Therefore, the embedded derivative feature must be 
measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets and changes in fair value reported in income. See “Embedded Derivatives” 
in Note 2 - “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.
Based on data provided by ceding companies at December 31, 2017 and 2016, funds withheld at interest totaled (dollars 

in thousands):

 

Underlying Security Type:
Segregated portfolios
Non-segregated portfolios
Embedded derivatives (1)
Total funds withheld at interest

2017

2016

Book Value

Estimated
Fair Value

Book Value

Estimated
Fair Value

$

$

3,958,583
1,996,509
128,296
6,083,388

$

$

4,279,114
1,996,509
—
6,275,623

$

$

4,023,190
1,870,191
(17,462)
5,875,919

$

$

4,322,975
1,870,191
—
6,193,166

(1)  Represents the fair value of embedded derivatives related to reinsurance written on a modco or funds withheld basis and subject to the general accounting 
principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives for the segregated portfolios. When the segregated portfolios are presented on a fair 
value basis in the “Estimated Fair Value” column, the calculation of a separate embedded derivative is not applicable.

Based on data provided by the ceding company at December 31, 2017 and 2016, segregated portfolios contained primarily 
corporate, municipal, government and asset-backed securities as well as derivative securities and reverse repurchase obligations.  
These assets pose risks similar to the fixed maturity securities the Company directly owns. Derivatives consist primarily of S&P 
500 options which are used to hedge liabilities and interest credited for EIAs reinsured by the Company.  The securities held within 
the segregated portfolios are primarily investment-grade, with an average rating of “A.”  The average maturity for investments 
held within the segregated portfolios of funds withheld at interest is ten years or more.  Interest accrues to the total funds withheld 
at interest assets at rates defined by the treaty terms and the Company estimated the yields were approximately 7.78%, 5.89% and 
6.10% for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Changes in these estimated yields are affected by 
changes in the fair value of equity options held in the funds withheld portfolio associated with EIAs. Additionally, under certain 
treaties the Company is subject to the investment performance on the withheld assets, although it does not directly control them. 
To mitigate this risk, the Company helps set the investment guidelines followed by the ceding company and monitors compliance.

Other Invested Assets

Other invested assets include equity securities, limited partnership interests, joint ventures (other than operating joint 
ventures), derivative contracts, fair value option (“FVO”) contractholder-directed unit-linked investments, FHLB common stock 
and equity release mortgages.  Other invested assets represented approximately 3.0% and 3.5% of the Company’s cash and invested 
assets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. See “Other Invested Assets” in Note 4 – “Investments” in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements for a table that presents the carrying value of the Company’s other invested assets by type as 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to protect the Company against possible changes in the fair value 
of its investment portfolio as a result of interest rate changes, to hedge against risk of changes in the purchase price of securities, 
to hedge liabilities associated with the reinsurance of variable annuities with guaranteed living benefits and to manage the portfolio’s 
effective yield, maturity and duration. In addition, the Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to reduce the risk associated 
with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company uses both exchange-traded and customized over-the-counter 
derivative financial instruments. 

See Note 5 – “Derivative Instruments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a table that presents the 

notional amounts and fair value of investment related derivative instruments held at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

The Company may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to derivative 
financial instruments. Generally, the credit exposure of the Company’s derivative contracts is limited to the fair value at the 
reporting date plus or minus any collateral posted or held by the Company.  The Company had no credit exposure related to its 
derivative contracts, excluding futures and mortality swaps, at December 31, 2017 and 2016, as the net amount of collateral pledged 
to the Company from counterparties exceeded the fair value of the derivative contracts. 

73

The  Company  manages  its  credit  risk  related  to  over-the-counter  derivatives  by  entering  into  transactions  with 
creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master agreements that provide for a 
single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. As exchange-traded futures 
are affected through regulated exchanges, and positions are marked to market on a daily basis, the Company has minimal exposure 
to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. See Note 5 – “Derivative Instruments” in the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding the Company’s derivative instruments.

Enterprise Risk Management
 
RGA maintains a dedicated Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) function that is responsible for analyzing and reporting 
the Company’s risks on an aggregated basis; facilitating monitoring to ensure the Company’s risks remain within its appetites and 
limits; and ensuring, on an ongoing basis, that RGA’s ERM objectives are met. This includes ensuring proper risk controls are in 
place; risks are effectively identified, assessed, and managed; and key risks to which the Company is exposed are disclosed to 
appropriate stakeholders. The ERM function plays an important role in fostering the Company’s risk management culture and 
practices.

Enterprise Risk Management Structure and Governance
 
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) oversees enterprise risk through its standing committees. The Finance, Investments, 
and Risk Management (“FIRM”) Committee of the Board oversees the management of the Company’s ERM program and policies. 
The FIRM receives regular reports and assessments which describe the Company’s key risk exposures and include quantitative 
and qualitative assessments and information about breaches, exceptions, and waivers.
 
The Company’s Global Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) leads the dedicated ERM function. The CRO reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer (“CEO”) and has direct access to the Board through the FIRM Committee with formal reporting occurring 
quarterly. The CRO is supported by a network of Business Unit Chief Risk Officers and Risk Management Officers throughout 
the business who are responsible for the analysis and management of risks within their scope. A Lead Risk Management Officer 
is assigned to each risk to take overall responsibility to monitor and assess the risk consistently across all markets.
 
In addition to leading the ERM function, the CRO also chairs the Company’s Risk Management Steering Committee 
(“RMSC”), which is made up of senior management executives, including the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), and the 
Chief  Operating  Officer,  among  others.  The  RMSC  provides  oversight  for  the  Insurance,  Market  and  Credit,  Capital,  and 
Operational risk committees and retains direct risk oversight responsibilities for the following:

• 
• 
• 

Company’s global ERM framework, activities, and issues.
Identification, assessments, and management of all known, new and emerging strategic risk exposures.
Risk appetite statement, including the ongoing alignment of the risk appetite statement with the Company’s 
strategy and capital plans. 
Review, revise and approve RGA group-level strategic risk limits consistent with the risk appetite statement

• 
 
The Insurance, Market and Credit, Capital, and Operational risk committees have direct oversight accountability for their 
respective risks areas including the identification, assessments, and management of known, new and emerging risk exposures and 
the review and approval of RGA group-level risk limits 
 
To ensure appropriate oversight of enterprise-wide risk management issues without unnecessary duplication, as well as 
to foster cross-committee communication and coordination regarding risk issues, risk committee chairs attend RMSC meetings. 
In addition to the risk committees, their sub-committees and working groups, some RGA operating entities have risk management 
committees that oversee relevant risks related to segment-level risk limits. 
Enterprise Risk Management Framework 
 
RGA’s ERM framework provides a platform to assess the risk / return profiles of risks throughout the organization to 
enable enhanced decision making by business leaders. The ERM framework also guides the development and implementation of 
mitigation strategies to reduce exposures to these risks to acceptable levels.
RGA’s ERM framework includes the following elements:

1. 

2. 

Risk Culture: Risk management is an integral part of the Company’s culture and is embedded in RGA’s business 
processes in accordance with RGA’s risk philosophy. As the cornerstone of the ERM framework, a culture of 
prudent risk management reinforced by senior management plays a preeminent role in the effective management 
of risks assumed by RGA. 
Risk Appetite Statement: A general and high level overview of the risk profile RGA aims to achieve to meet its 
strategic objectives. This statement is then supported by more granular risk limits guiding the businesses to 
achieve this Risk Appetite Statement. 

74

3. 

4. 

5. 

Risk Limits: Risk Limits establish the maximum amount of defined risk that the Company is willing to assume 
to remain within the Company’s overall risk appetite. These risks have been identified by the management of 
the Company as relevant to manage the overall risk profile of the Company while allowing achievement of 
strategic objectives. 
Risk Assessment Process: RGA uses qualitative and quantitative methods to assess key risks through a portfolio 
approach, which analyzes established and emerging risks in conjunction with other risks.
Business Specific Limits/Controls: These limits/controls provide additional safeguards against undesired risk 
exposures and are embedded in business processes. Examples include maximum retention limits, pricing and 
underwriting reviews, per issuer limits, concentration limits, and standard treaty language.

 
Proactive risk monitoring and reporting enable early detection and mitigation of emerging risks. The RMSC and its 
subcommittees monitor adherence to risk limits through the ERM function, which reports regularly to the RMSC and FIRM 
Committee. The frequency of monitoring is tailored to the volatility assessment and relative priority of each risk. Risk escalation 
channels coupled with open communication lines enhance the mitigants explained above. The Company has devoted significant 
resources to developing its ERM program and expects to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, the Company’s policies and 
procedures to identify, manage, and monitor risks may not be fully effective. Many of the Company’s methods for managing risk 
are based on historical information, which may not be a good predictor of future risk exposures, such as the risk of a pandemic 
causing a large number of deaths. Management of operational, legal, and regulatory risk relies on policies and procedures which 
may not be fully effective under all scenarios.
Risk Categories
 
The  Company  groups  its  risks  into  the  following  categories:  Insurance  risk,  Market  and  Credit  risk,  Capital  risk, 
Operational risk and Strategic risk.  Specific risk assessments and descriptions can be found below and in Item 1A - “Risk Factors.”

Insurance Risk
 
Insurance risk is the risk of lower or negative earnings and potentially a reduction in enterprise value due to a greater 
amount of benefits and related expenses paid than expected, or from non-market related adverse policyholder or client behavior.  
The Company uses multiple approaches to managing insurance risk: active insurance risk assessment and pricing appropriately 
for the risks assumed, transferring undesired risks, and managing the retained exposure prudently. These strategies are explained 
below.

Insurance Risk Assessment and Pricing
 
The Company has developed extensive expertise in assessing insurance risks which ultimately forms an integral part of 
ensuring that it is compensated commensurately for the risks it assumes and that it does not overpay for the risks it transfers to 
third parties. This expertise includes a vast array of market and product knowledge supported by a large information database of 
historical experience which is closely monitored. Analysis and experience studies derived from this database help form the basis 
for the Company’s pricing assumptions which are used in developing rates for new risks. If actual mortality or morbidity experience 
is materially adverse, some reinsurance treaties allow for increases to future premium rates.
 
Misestimation of any key risk can threaten the long term viability of the enterprise. Further, the pricing process is a key 
operational risk and significant effort is applied to ensuring the appropriateness of pricing assumptions. Some of the safeguards 
the Company uses to ensure proper pricing are: experience studies, strict underwriting, sensitivity and scenario testing, pricing 
guidelines and controls, authority limits and internal and external pricing reviews. In addition, the ERM function provides pricing 
oversight which includes periodic pricing audits.

Risk Transfer
 
insurance risk to third parties using vehicles such as retrocession and catastrophe coverage.

To minimize volatility in financial results and reduce the impact of large losses, the Company transfers some of its 

Individual Exposure Retrocession
 
In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit its exposure to loss on any single insured and to recover a 
portion of claims paid by ceding reinsurance to other insurance enterprises (or retrocessionaires) under excess coverage and 
coinsurance contracts. In individual life markets, the Company retains a maximum of $8.0 million of coverage per individual life. 
In certain limited situations the Company has retained more than $8.0 million per individual life. The Company enters into 
agreements with other reinsurers to mitigate the residual risk related to the over-retained policies. Additionally, due to some lower 
face amount reinsurance coverages provided by the Company in addition to individual life, such as group life, disability and health, 
under certain circumstances, the Company could potentially incur claims totaling more than $8.0 million per individual life.

75

Catastrophic Excess Loss Retrocession
 
The Company seeks to limit its exposure to loss on its assumed catastrophic excess of loss reinsurance agreements by 
ceding a portion of its exposure to multiple retrocessionaires through retrocession line slips or directly to retrocession markets. 
The Company’s policy is to retain a maximum of $20.0 million of catastrophic loss exposure per agreement and to retrocede up 
to $30.0 million additional loss exposures to the retrocession markets. The Company limits its exposure on a country-by-country 
(and state-by-state in the U.S.) basis by managing its total exposure to all catastrophic excess of loss agreements bound within a 
given country to established maximum aggregate exposures. The maximum exposures are established and managed both on gross 
amounts issued prior to including retrocession and for amounts net of exposures retroceded.
Catastrophe Coverage

 
The Company accesses the markets each year for annual catastrophic coverages and reviews current coverage and pricing 
of current and alternate designs. The coverage may vary from year to year based on the Company’s perceived value of such 
protection. The current policy covers events involving 8 or more insured deaths from a single occurrence and covers $100.0 million 
of claims in excess of the Company’s $25.0 million deductible.

Managing Retained Exposure

 
The Company retains most of the inbound insurance risk. The Company manages the retained exposure proactively using 
various mitigating factors such as diversification and limits. Diversification is the primary mitigating factor of short term volatility 
risk, but it also mitigates adverse impacts of changes in long term trends and catastrophic events. The Company’s insured populations 
are dispersed globally, diversifying the insurance exposure because factors that cause actual experience to deviate materially from 
expectations do not affect all areas uniformly and synchronously or in close sequence. A variety of limits mitigate retained insurance 
risk. Examples of these limits include geographic exposure limits, which set the maximum amount of business that can be written 
in a given country, and jumbo limits, which prevent excessive coverage on a given individual.

 
In the event that mortality or morbidity experience develops in excess of expectations, some reinsurance treaties allow 
for increases to future premium rates. Other treaties include experience refund provisions, which may also help reduce RGA’s 
mortality risk.

RGA has various methods to manage its insurance risks, including access to the capital and reinsurance markets.

 
Market and Credit Risk
 
changes in the market prices of asset and liabilities.

Market and Credit risk is the risk of lower or negative earnings and potentially a reduction in enterprise value due to 

Interest Rate Risk
 
Interest Rate risk is risk that changes in the level and volatility of nominal interest rates affect the profitability, value or 
solvency position of the Company. This includes credit spread changes and inflation but excludes credit quality deterioration. This 
risk arises from many of the Company’s primary activities, as the Company invests substantial funds in interest-sensitive assets, 
primarily fixed maturity securities, and also has certain interest-sensitive contract liabilities. A prolonged period where market 
yields are significantly below the book yields of the Company’s asset portfolio puts downward pressure on portfolio book yields.  
The Company has been proactive in its investment strategies, reinsurance structures and overall asset-liability management practices 
to reduce the risk of unfavorable consequences in this type of environment.
 
The Company manages interest rate risk to optimize the return on the Company’s capital and to preserve the value created 
by its business operations within certain constraints. For example, certain management and monitoring processes are designed to 
minimize the effect of sudden and/or sustained changes in interest rates on fair value, cash flows, and net interest income. The 
Company manages its exposure to interest rates principally by managing the relative matching of the cash flows of its liabilities 
and assets.

76

The following table presents the account values, the weighted average interest-crediting rates and minimum guaranteed 
rate ranges for the contracts containing guaranteed rates by major class of interest-sensitive product as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
Interest Sensitive Contract Liability
Traditional individual fixed annuities
Equity-indexed annuities
Individual variable annuity contracts
Guaranteed investment contracts
Universal life – type policies

$

Account Value

$

2017
6,671,880
4,071,702
144,615
1,358,612
2,659,445

2016
5,377,061
4,243,481
4,781
1,054,747
2,761,886

Current Weighted-Average

Interest Crediting Rate
2016
2017
2.86%
2.86%
3.88
1.69
2.64
3.04
1.17
1.63
3.97
4.03

Minimum Guaranteed

Rate Ranges

2017

0.50 – 4.50%
1.00 – 3.00
1.50 – 3.04
1.47 – 2.63
3.00 – 6.00

2016

0.50 – 4.50%
1.00 – 3.00
0.33 – 3.13
0.31 – 4.50
3.00 – 6.00

The following table presents the account values by each minimum guaranteed rate, rounded to the nearest percentage, 

by class of interest-sensitive product as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

5%

6%

 
Interest Sensitive Contract Liability
Traditional individual fixed annuities
Equity-indexed annuities
Individual variable annuity contracts
Guaranteed investment contracts
Universal life – type policies

 
Interest Sensitive Contract Liability
Traditional individual fixed annuities
Equity-indexed annuities
Individual variable annuity contracts
Guaranteed investment contracts
Universal life – type policies

$

$

$

$

1%
833,788
692,601
—
239,809
—

1%
659,734
688,796
—
800,082
—

$

$

2%
742,760
2,508,847
2,528
1,093,776
—

2%
636,455
2,612,985
—
192,812
—

Account Value as of December 31, 2017

$

3%
3,761,978
870,254
142,087
25,027
51,010

$

4%
1,322,063
—
—
—
2,529,314

11,291
—
—
—
56,634

Account Value as of December 31, 2016

$

3%
3,371,758
941,700
4,781
—
49,706

$

4%
697,216
—
—
36,537
2,631,139

5%

11,898
—
—
25,316
57,751

$

$

— $
—
—
—
22,487

Total
6,671,880
4,071,702
144,615
1,358,612
2,659,445

6%

— $
—
—
—
23,290

Total
5,377,061
4,243,481
4,781
1,054,747
2,761,886

The spread profits on the Company’s fixed annuity and interest-sensitive whole life, universal life (“UL”) and fixed 
portion of variable universal life (“VUL”) insurance policies are at risk if interest rates decline and remain relatively low for a 
period of time, which has generally been the case in recent years. Should interest rates remain at current levels, which are significantly 
lower than those existing prior to the declines of recent years, the average earned rate of return on the Company’s annuity and UL 
investment portfolios will continue to decline. Declining portfolio yields may cause the spreads between investment portfolio 
yields and the interest rate credited to contract holders to deteriorate as the Company’s ability to manage spreads can become 
limited by minimum guaranteed rates on annuity and UL policies. In 2017, minimum guaranteed rates on non-variable annuity 
and UL policies generally ranged from 0.50% to 6.00%, with an average guaranteed rate of approximately 2.74%.  In 2016, 
minimum guaranteed rates on non-variable annuity and UL policies generally ranged from 0.50% to 6.00%, with an average 
guaranteed rate of approximately 2.69%.

Interest rate spreads are managed for near term income through a combination of crediting rate actions and portfolio 
management. Certain annuity products contain crediting rates that reset annually, of which $5,343.9 million and $4,218.6 million 
of account balances are not subject to surrender charges as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, with substantially all of 
these already at their minimum guaranteed rates.  As such, certain management and monitoring processes are designed to minimize 
the effect of sudden and/or sustained changes in interest rates on fair value, cash flows, and net interest income.

The Company’s exposure to interest rate price risk and interest rate cash flow risk is reviewed on a quarterly basis. Interest 
rate price risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine the change in fair value of the Company’s 
financial instruments in the event of a hypothetical change in interest rates. Interest rate cash flow risk exposure is measured using 
interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine the Company’s variability in cash flows in the event of a hypothetical change in 
interest rates.

Interest rate sensitivity analysis is used to measure the Company’s interest rate price risk by computing estimated changes 
in fair value of fixed rate assets and liabilities in the event of a hypothetical 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in market 
interest rates. The Company does not have fixed rate instruments classified as trading securities. The Company’s projected net 
decrease in fair value of financial instruments in the event of a 100 basis point increase in market interest rates at its fiscal years 
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was $966.7 million and $876.5 million, respectively.

77

The calculation of fair value is based on the net present value of estimated discounted cash flows expected over the life 
of the market risk sensitive instruments, using market prepayment assumptions and market rates of interest provided by independent 
broker quotations and other public sources, with adjustments made to reflect the shift in the treasury yield curve as appropriate.
The interest rate sensitivity relating to the Company’s fixed maturity securities is assessed using hypothetical scenarios 
that assume positive and negative 50 and 100 basis point parallel shifts in the yield curves.  This analysis assumes that the U.S., 
Canadian and other pertinent countries’ yield curve shifts are of equal direction and magnitude.  Change in value of individual 
securities is estimated consistently under each scenario using a commercial valuation tool.  The Company’s actual experience may 
differ from the results noted below particularly due to assumptions utilized or if events differ from those included in the methodology.  
The following tables summarize the results of this analysis for fixed maturity securities in the Company’s investment portfolio as 
of the dates indicated (dollars in millions):

December 31, 2017:
Total estimated fair value
% Change in estimated fair value from base
$ Change in estimated fair value from base

December 31, 2016:
Total estimated fair value
% Change in estimated fair value from base
$ Change in estimated fair value from base

Interest Rate Analysis of Estimated Fair Value of Fixed Maturity Securities
-
38,151

-100 bps
41,312

-50 bps

39,695

$

$

$

50 bps
36,699

$

8.3%

3,161

-100 bps
34,649

8.0%

2,555

$

$

$

4.0%

1,544

-50 bps

33,346

3.9%

1,252

$

$

$

$

$

$

—%
— $

(3.8)%

(1,452)

-
32,094

50 bps
30,907

$

—%
— $

(3.7)%

(1,187)

100 bps
35,354

(7.3)%

(2,797)

100 bps
29,810

(7.1)%

(2,284)

$

$

$

$

 
Interest rate sensitivity analysis is also used to measure the Company’s interest rate cash flow risk by computing estimated 
changes in the expected cash flows for floating rate assets and liabilities over a one year period following an instantaneous, parallel, 
hypothetical 100 basis point change (increase or decrease) in market interest rates. The Company does not have variable rate 
instruments  classified  as  trading  securities.  The  Company’s  projected  decrease  in  cash  flows  associated  with  floating  rate 
instruments in the event of an instantaneous 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates for its fiscal years ended December 
31, 2017 and 2016 was $44.4 million and $33.7 million, respectively.

Computations of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions, and should 
not be relied on as indicative of future results. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions management could 
undertake in response to changes in interest rates.  Certain shortcomings are inherent in the method of analysis presented in the 
computation of the estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities and the estimated cash flows of floating rate instruments, which 
constitute forward-looking statements. Actual values may differ materially from those projections presented due to a number of 
factors, including, without limitation, market conditions varying from assumptions used in the calculation of the fair value. 
 
In order to reduce the exposure to changes in fair values from interest rate fluctuations, the Company has developed 
strategies to manage the net interest rate sensitivity of its assets and liabilities. In addition, from time to time, the Company has 
utilized the swap market to manage the sensitivity of fair values to interest rate fluctuations.
 
Inflation can also have direct effects on the Company’s assets and liabilities. The primary direct effect of inflation is the 
increase in operating expenses. A large portion of the Company’s operating expenses consists of salaries, which are subject to 
wage increases at least partly affected by the rate of inflation. 
 
combination of CPI swaps and indexed bonds when material.
 
Long Term Care products have an inflation component linked to the future cost of such services.  If health care costs 
increase at a much larger rate than what is prevalent in the nominal interest rates available in the markets, the Company may not 
earn enough investment yield to pay future claims on such products.

The Company reinsures annuities with benefits indexed to the cost of living. Some of these benefits are hedged with a 

Foreign Currency Risk
 
Foreign currency risk is the risk of changes in level and volatility of currency exchange rates affect the profitability, value 
or solvency position of the Company. The Company manages its exposure to currency principally by currency matching invested 
assets with the underlying liabilities to the extent possible. The Company has in place net investment hedges for a portion of its 
investments in its Canadian operations to reduce excess exposure to these currencies. Translation differences resulting from 
translating foreign subsidiary balances to U.S. dollars are reflected in stockholders’ equity on the consolidated balance sheets.

78

 
The Company generally does not hedge the foreign currency exposure of its subsidiaries transacting business in currencies 
other than their functional currency (transaction exposure). However, the Company has entered into cross currency swaps to 
manage exposure to specific currencies.  The majority of the Company’s foreign currency transactions are denominated in Australian 
dollars, British pounds, Canadian dollars, Euros, Japanese yen, Korean won, and the South African rand.  The maximum amount 
of assets held in a specific currency (with the exception of the U.S. dollar) is measured relative to risk targets and is monitored 
regularly.
 
The Company does not hedge the income statement risk associated with translating foreign currencies.  The foreign 
exchange risk sensitivity of the Company’s consolidated pre-tax income is assessed using hypothetical test scenarios.  Actual 
results may differ from the results noted below particularly due to assumptions utilized or if events occur that were not included 
in the methodology. For more information on this risk, see “Item 1A - Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business.”  In general, 
a weaker U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies has a favorable impact on the Company’s income before income taxes.  The 
following tables summarize the impact on the Company’s reported income before income taxes of an immediate favorable or 
unfavorable change in each of the foreign exchange rates to which the Company has exposure (dollars in thousands):

Year Ended December 31, 2017
Income before income taxes
% change of income before income taxes from base
$ change of income before income taxes from base

Year Ended December 31, 2016
Income before income taxes
% change of income before income taxes from base
$ change of income before income taxes from base

Unfavorable

Favorable

-10%

-5%

$ 1,096,520

$ 1,119,667

-

$ 1,142,815

5%

10%

$ 1,165,963

$ 1,189,110

(4.1)%

(2.0)%

$

(46,295)

$

(23,148)

$

—%
— $

2.0%

4.1%

23,148

$

46,295

Unfavorable

Favorable

-10%

-5%

$ 996,109

$ 1,020,028

-

$ 1,043,946

5%

10%

$ 1,067,864

$ 1,091,783

(4.6)%

(2.3)%

$

(47,837)

$

(23,918)

$

—%
— $

2.3%

4.6%

23,918

$

47,837

Real Estate Risk
 
Real Estate risk is the risk that changes in the level and volatility of real estate market valuations may impact the 
profitability, value or solvency position of the Company. The Company has investments in direct real estate equity and debt 
instruments collateralized by real estate (“real estate loans”).  Real estate equity risks include significant reduction in valuations, 
which could be caused by downturns in the broad economy or in specific geographic regions or sectors.  In addition, real estate 
loan risks include defaults, borrower or tenant bankruptcy and reduced liquidity. Real estate loan risks are partially mitigated by 
the excess of the value of the property over the loan principle, which provides a buffer should the value of the real estate decrease. 
The Company manages its real estate loan risk by diversifying by property type and geography and through exposure limits.

Equity Risk
 
Equity risk is the risk that changes in the level and volatility of equity market valuations affect the profitability, value or 
solvency position of the Company. This risk includes Variable Annuity and other equity linked exposures and asset related equity 
exposure. The Company assumes equity risk from alternative investments, fixed indexed annuities and variable annuities.  The 
Company uses derivatives to hedge its exposure to movements in equity markets that have a direct correlation with certain of its 
reinsurance products.

Alternative Investments
 
Alternative investments are investments in non-traditional asset classes that primarily back the Company’s capital and 
surplus. The Company generally restricts the alternative investments portfolio to non-liability supporting assets: that is, free surplus. 
Alternative investments generally encompass: hedge funds, emerging markets debt, distressed debt, commodities, infrastructure, 
tax credits, and equities, both public and private. The Company mitigates its exposure to alternative investments by limiting the 
size of the alternative investments holding and using per-issuer investment limits.
Fixed Indexed Annuities
 
The Company reinsures fixed indexed annuities (“FIAs”).  Credits for FIAs are affected by changes in equity markets. 
Thus the fair value of the benefit is primarily a function of index returns and volatility. The Company hedges most of the underlying 
FIA equity exposure with derivatives.

79

Variable Annuities

The  Company  reinsures  variable  annuities  including  those  with  guaranteed  minimum  death  benefits  (“GMDB”), 
guaranteed  minimum  income  benefits  (“GMIB”),  guaranteed  minimum  accumulation  benefits  (“GMAB”)  and  guaranteed 
minimum withdrawal benefits (“GMWB”). Strong equity markets, increases in interest rates and decreases in equity market 
volatility will generally decrease the fair value of the liabilities underlying the benefits. Conversely, a decrease in the equity markets 
along with a decrease in interest rates and an increase in equity market volatility will generally result in an increase in the fair 
value of the liabilities underlying the benefits, which has the effect of increasing reserves and lowering earnings. The Company 
maintains a customized dynamic hedging program that is designed to substantially mitigate the risks associated with income 
volatility around the change in reserves on guaranteed benefits, ignoring the Company’s own credit risk assessment. However, 
the hedge positions may not fully offset the changes in the carrying value of the guarantees due to, among other things, time lags, 
high levels of volatility in the equity and derivative markets, extreme swings in interest rates, unexpected contract holder behavior, 
and divergence between the performance of the underlying funds and hedging indices. These factors, individually or collectively, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income, financial condition or liquidity. The table below provides a 
summary of variable annuity account values and the fair value of the guaranteed benefits as of December 31, 2017 and 2016.

 
(dollars in millions)
No guaranteed minimum benefits
GMDB only
GMIB only
GMAB only
GMWB only
GMDB / WB
Other
Total variable annuity account values
Fair value of liabilities associated with living benefit riders

December 31,

2017

2016

$

$
$

950
182
24
22
1,366
343
31
2,918
152

$

$
$

731
58
5
28
1,334
335
19
2,510
185

Credit Risk
 
Credit risk, which includes default risk, is risk of loss due to credit quality deterioration of an individual financial asset, 
derivative or non-derivative contract or instrument. Credit quality deterioration may or may not be accompanied by a ratings 
downgrade. Generally, the credit exposure for an asset is limited to the fair value, net of any collateral received, at the reporting 
date.
Investment Credit Risk
 
Investment credit risk is credit risk related to invested assets.  The Company manages investment credit risk using per-
issuer investment limits. In addition to per-issuer limits, the Company also limits the total amounts of investments per rating 
category. An automated compliance system checks for compliance for all investment positions and sends warning messages when 
there is a breach. The Company manages its credit risk related to over-the-counter derivatives by entering into transactions with 
creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master agreements that provide for a 
single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. Because futures are transacted 
through regulated exchanges, and positions are marked to market on a daily basis, the Company has minimal exposure to credit-
related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to such derivative instruments.
 
The Company enters into various collateral arrangements, which require both the posting and accepting of collateral in 
connection with its derivative instruments. Collateral agreements contain attachment thresholds that vary depending on the posting 
party’s financial strength ratings. Additionally, a decrease in the Company’s financial strength rating to a specified level results 
in potential settlement of the derivative positions under the Company’s agreements with its counterparties.  A committee is 
responsible for setting rules and approving and overseeing all transactions requiring collateral.  See “Credit Risk” in Note 5 - 
“Derivative Instruments” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on credit risk related to 
derivatives.

Counterparty Risk
 
distressed or insolvent. This includes run-on-the-bank risk and collection risk.

Counterparty risk is the potential for the Company to incur losses due to a client, retrocessionaire, or partner becoming 

Run-on-the-Bank
 
The risk that a client’s in force block incurs substantial surrenders and/or lapses due to credit impairment, reputation 
damage or other market changes affecting the counterparty. Substantially higher than expected surrenders and/or lapses could 
result in inadequate in force business to recover cash paid out for acquisition costs.

80

Collection Risk
 
For clients and retrocessionaires, this includes their inability to satisfy a reinsurance agreement because the right of offset 
is disallowed by the receivership court; the reinsurance contract is rejected by the receiver, resulting in a premature termination 
of the contract; and/or the security supporting the transaction becomes unavailable to RGA.
 
The Company manages counterparty risk by limiting the total exposure to a single counterparty and by only initiating 
contracts with creditworthy counterparties. In addition, some of the counterparties have set up trusts and letters of credit, reducing 
the Company’s exposure to these counterparties.

Generally, RGA’s insurance subsidiaries retrocede amounts in excess of their retention to certain other RGA insurance 
subsidiaries. External retrocessions are arranged through the Company’s retrocession pools for amounts in excess of its retention. 
As of December 31, 2017, all retrocession pool members in this excess retention pool rated by the A.M. Best Company were rated 
“A-” or better. A rating of “A-” is the fourth highest rating out of sixteen possible ratings. For a majority of the retrocessionaires 
that were not rated, letters of credit or trust assets have been given as additional security. In addition, the Company performs annual 
financial and in force reviews of its retrocessionaires to evaluate financial stability and performance.
The  Company  has  never  experienced  a  material  default  in  connection  with  retrocession  arrangements,  nor  has  it 
 
experienced any material difficulty in collecting claims recoverable from retrocessionaires; however, no assurance can be given 
as to the future performance of such retrocessionaires or as to the recoverability of any such claims.

All counterparty exposures are calculated on a quarterly basis, reviewed by management and monitored by the ERM 

Aggregate Counterparty Limits
 
In addition to investment credit limits and counterparty limits, there are aggregate counterparty risk limits which include 
counterparty exposures from reinsurance, financing and investment activities at an aggregated level to control total exposure to a 
single counterparty. Counterparty risk aggregation is important because it enables the Company to capture risk exposures at a 
comprehensive level and under more extreme circumstances compared to analyzing the components individually.
 
function.
Capital Risk
 
Capital risk is the risk of lower/negative earnings, potential reduction in enterprise value, and/or the loss of ability to 
conduct business due to insufficient financial capacity, including not having the appropriate amount of group or entity-level capital 
to conduct business today or in the future. The Company monitors capital risk exposure using relevant bases of measurement 
including but not limited to economic, rating agency, and local regulatory methodologies. Additionally, the Company regularly 
assesses risk related to collateral, financing, liquidity and tax.
Collateral Risk
Collateral risk is the risk that collateral will not be available at expected costs or in the capacity required to meet current 
 
and future needs. The Company monitors risks related to interest rate movement, collateral requirements and position and capital 
markets environment. Collateral demands and resources continue to be actively managed with available collateral sources being 
more than sufficient to cover stress level collateral demands. 
Financing Risk
 
Financing risk is the risk that capital will not be available at expected costs or in the capacity required. The Company 
continues to monitor financing risks related to regulatory financing, contingency financing, and debt capital and sees no immediate 
issues with its current structures, capacity and plans.
Liquidity Risk
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is unable to meet payment obligations at expected costs or in the capacity 
required. The Company’s traditional liquidity demands include items such as claims, expenses, debt financing and investment 
purchases which are largely known or can be reasonably forecasted. The Company regularly performs liquidity risk modeling, 
including both market and Company specific stresses, to assess the sufficiency of available resources. 
Tax Risk
Tax risk is the risk that current and future tax positions are different than expected. The Company monitors tax risks 
 
related  to  the  evolving  tax  and  regulatory  environment,  business  transactions,  legal  entity  reorganizations,  tax  compliance 
obligations, and financial reporting.

81

Operational Risk
 
Operational risk is the risk of lower/negative earnings and a potential reduction in enterprise value caused by unexpected 
losses associated with inadequacy or failure on the part of internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.  The 
Company regularly monitors and assesses the risks related to business conduct and governance, fraud, privacy and security, business 
disruption, and business operations. Various insurance, market and credit, capital, and strategy risk obligations and concerns often 
intersect with the Company’s core operational process risk areas.  Given the scope of the Company’s business and the number of 
countries in which it operates, this set of risks has the potential to affect the business locally, regionally, or globally. Operational 
risks are core to managing the Company’s brand and market confidence as well as maintaining its ability to acquire and retain the 
appropriate expertise to execute and operate the business. 
Business Conduct and Governance
 
Business conduct and governance is the risk related to management oversight, compliance, market conduct, and legal 
matters. The  Company’s  Compliance  Risk  Management  Program  facilitates  a  proactive  evaluation  of  present  and  potential 
compliance risks associated with both local and enterprise-wide regulatory requirements as well as compliance with Company 
policies and procedures.  
Fraud Risk
 
Fraud risk is the risk related to the deliberate abuse of and/or taking of Company assets in order to secure gain for the 
perpetrator or inflict harm on the Company or other victim. Ongoing monitoring and an annual fraud risk assessment enables the 
Company to continually evaluate potential fraud risks within the organization. 
Privacy and Security Risk
 
Privacy and security risk is the risk of theft, loss, or unauthorized disclosure of physical or electronic assets resulting in 
a loss of asset value, confidentiality, or intellectual property. The Company’s privacy and security programs, processes, and 
procedures are designed to prevent unauthorized physical and electronic theft and the disclosure of confidential and personal data 
related to its customers, insured individuals or its employees.  The Company employs technology, administrative related processes 
and procedural controls, security measures and other preventative actions to reduce the risk of such incidents.
Business Disruption Risk
 
Business disruption risk is the risk of impairment to operational capabilities due to the unavailability of people, systems, 
and/or facilities. The Company’s global business continuity process enables associates to identify potential impacts that threaten 
operations by providing the framework, policies and procedures and required recurring training for how the Company will recover 
and restore interrupted critical functions, within a predetermined time, after a disaster or extended disruption, until its normal 
facilities are restored.
Business Operations Risk
 
Business operations risk is the risk related to business processes and procedures. Business operations risk includes risk 
associated with the processing of transactions, data use and management, monitoring and reporting, the integrity and accuracy of 
models and the use of third party and advisory services.
Human Capital Risk
 
Human  capital  risk  is  related  to  workforce  management,  including  talent  acquisition,  development,  retention,  and 
employment relations/regulations. The Company actively monitors human capital risks using multiple practices which include 
but are not limited to human resource and compliance policies and procedures, regularly reviewing key risk indicators, performance 
evaluations, compensation and benefits benchmarking, succession planning, employee engagement surveys and associate exit 
interviews.
Strategic Risk
Strategic risk relates to the planning, implementation, and management of the Company’s business plans and strategies, 
 
including the risks associated with: the global environment in which it operates; future law and regulation changes; political risks; 
and relationships with key external parties. 
Strategy Risk
 
Strategy risk is the risk related to the design and execution of the Company’s strategic plan, including risks associated 
with merger and acquisition activity. Strategy risks are addressed by a robust multi-year planning process, regular business unit 
level assessments of strategy execution and active benchmarking of key performance and risk indicators across the Company’s 
portfolios of businesses. The Company’s risk appetites and limits are set consistently with strategic objectives. 

82

External environment risk relates to external competition, macro trends, and client needs. Macro characteristics that drive 

External Environment Risk
 
market opportunities, risk and growth potential, the competitive landscape and client feedback are closely monitored. 
Key Relationships Risk
 
Key relationships risk relates to areas of important interactions with parties external to the Company. The Company’s 
reputation is a critical asset in successfully conducting business and therefore relationships with its primary stakeholders (including 
but not limited to business partners, shareholders, clients, rating agencies, and regulators) are all carefully monitored.
Political and Regulatory Risk
 
Political and regulatory risk relates to future law and regulation changes and the impact of political changes or instability 
on the Company’s ability to achieve its objectives. Regulatory and political developments and related risks that may affect the 
Company are identified, assessed and monitored as part of regular oversight activities. 

New Accounting Standards

See “New Accounting Pronouncements” in Note 2 — “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to 

Consolidated Financial Statements.

83

Item 7A.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Information required by Item 7A is contained in Item 7 under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 

Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Market and Credit Risk”

Item 8.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Annual Financial Statements:

Financial Statements as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements:

Note 1  Business and Basis of Presentation
Note 2  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Note 3  Acquisitions
Note 4  Investments
Note 5  Derivative Instruments
Note 6  Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities
Note 7  Reinsurance
Note 8  Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs
Note 9  Income Tax
Note 10  Employee Benefit Plans
Note 11  Financial Condition and Net Income on a Statutory Basis - Significant Subsidiaries
Note 12  Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees
Note 13  Debt
Note 14  Collateral Finance and Securitization Notes
Note 15  Segment Information
Note 16  Short-Duration Contracts
Note 17  Earnings per Share
Note 18  Equity
Note 19  Quarterly Results of Operations

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Page

85
86
87
88
89

90
90
102
102
111
118
131
133
133
136
140
142
143
145
146
148
150
151
156

157

84

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

Assets
Fixed maturity securities:

Available-for-sale at fair value (amortized cost of $35,281,412 and $30,211,787)

Mortgage loans on real estate (net of allowances of $9,384 and $7,685)
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Short-term investments
Other invested assets

Total investments

Cash and cash equivalents
Accrued investment income
Premiums receivable and other reinsurance balances
Reinsurance ceded receivables
Deferred policy acquisition costs
Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity
Future policy benefits
Interest-sensitive contract liabilities
Other policy claims and benefits
Other reinsurance balances
Deferred income taxes
Other liabilities
Long-term debt
Collateral finance and securitization notes

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingent liabilities (See Note 12)
Stockholders’ Equity:

Preferred stock (par value $.01 per share; 10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding)
Common stock (par value $.01 per share; 140,000,000 shares authorized;
shares issued: 79,137,758 at December 31, 2017 and 2016)
Additional paid-in-capital
Retained earnings
Treasury stock, at cost - 14,685,663 and 14,835,256 shares
Accumulated other comprehensive income

Total stockholders’ equity
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

December 31,

2017

December 31,

2016

(Dollars in thousands, except share data)

$

$

$

$

38,150,820
4,400,533
1,357,624
6,083,388
93,304
1,605,484
51,691,153
1,303,524
392,721
2,338,481
782,027
3,239,824
767,088
60,514,818

22,363,241
16,227,642
4,992,074
488,739
2,198,309
1,102,975
2,788,365
783,938
50,945,283

—

791
1,870,906
6,736,265
(1,102,058)
2,063,631
9,569,535
60,514,818

$

$

$

$

32,093,625
3,775,522
1,427,602
5,875,919
76,710
1,591,940
44,841,318
1,200,718
347,173
1,930,755
683,972
3,338,605
755,338
53,097,879

19,581,573
14,029,354
4,263,026
388,989
2,770,640
1,041,880
3,088,635
840,700
46,004,797

—

791
1,848,611
5,199,130
(1,094,779)
1,139,329
7,093,082
53,097,879

85

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

 

 
 
Revenues
Net premiums
Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net:

Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed maturity securities
Other-than-temporary impairments on fixed maturity securities
transferred to other comprehensive income
Other investment related gains (losses), net

Total investment related gains (losses), net

Other revenues
Total revenues

Benefits and expenses
Claims and other policy benefits
Interest credited
Policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
Collateral finance and securitization expense

Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes
Provision for income taxes

Net income
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Dividends declared per share

For  the years ended December 31,                
2015

2016

2017

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

$

9,841,130
2,154,651

$

9,248,871
1,911,886

$

(42,639)

(38,805)

—
210,519
167,880
352,108
12,515,769

8,518,917
502,040
1,466,646
710,690
146,025
28,636
11,372,954
1,142,815
(679,366)
1,822,181

28.28
27.71
1.82

$

$

$

74
132,926
94,195
266,559
11,521,511

7,993,375
364,691
1,310,540
645,509
137,623
25,827
10,477,565
1,043,946
342,503
701,443

10.91
10.79
1.56

$

$

$

$

$

$

8,570,741
1,734,495

(57,380)

—
(107,370)
(164,750)
277,692
10,418,178

7,489,382
336,964
1,127,486
554,044
142,863
22,644
9,673,383
744,795
242,629
502,166

7.55
7.46
1.40

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

86

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(in thousands)

 

Comprehensive income (loss)
Net Income
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Net unrealized investment gains (losses)
Defined benefit pension and postretirement plan adjustments
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Total comprehensive income (loss)

For  the years ended December 31,                

2017

2016

2015

$

$

1,822,181

$

701,443

$

502,166

69,126
698,078
726
767,930
2,590,111

$

8,610
419,336
3,099
431,045
1,132,488

$

(262,998)
(689,076)
3,229
(948,845)
(446,679)

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

87

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(in thousands)

 

Balance, December 31, 2014

Net income
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends to stockholders
Purchase of treasury stock
Reissuance of treasury stock

Balance, December 31, 2015

Net income
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends to stockholders
Purchase of treasury stock
Reissuance of treasury stock

Balance, December 31, 2016

Adoption of new accounting standards
Net income
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
Dividends to stockholders
Purchase of treasury stock
Reissuance of treasury stock

Common

Stock

$

791

Additional

Paid In Capital
$
1,798,279

$

Retained
Earnings

4,239,647
502,166

791

791

17,863
1,816,142

32,469
1,848,611

(93,381)

(28,129)
4,620,303
701,443

(100,371)

(22,245)
5,199,130
(138,649)
1,822,181

(117,291)

Treasury
Stock

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Income

$

(672,394) $

1,657,129

$

(948,845)

708,284

431,045

1,139,329
156,372

767,930

(384,519)
46,774
(1,010,139)

(122,916)
38,276
(1,094,779)

(43,508)
36,229

$

(1,102,058) $

2,063,631

$

Total
7,023,452
502,166
(948,845)
(93,381)
(384,519)
36,508
6,135,381
701,443
431,045
(100,371)
(122,916)
48,500
7,093,082
17,723
1,822,181
767,930
(117,291)
(43,508)
29,418
9,569,535

Balance, December 31, 2017

$

791

$

22,295
1,870,906

$

(29,106)
6,736,265

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

88

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW

(in thousands)

Cash flows from operating activities

Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

For  the years ended December 31,

2016

2017

2015

$

1,822,181

$

701,443

$

502,166

Change in operating assets and liabilities:

Accrued investment income
Premiums receivable and other reinsurance balances
Deferred policy acquisition costs
Reinsurance ceded receivable balances
Future policy benefits, other policy claims and benefits, and
other reinsurance balances
Deferred income taxes
Other assets and other liabilities, net

Amortization of net investment premiums, discounts and other
Depreciation and amortization expense
Investment related (gains) losses, net
Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangement
Other, net

Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities

Sales of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Maturities of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Sales of equity securities
Principal payments on mortgage loans on real estate
Principal payments on policy loans
Purchases of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Purchases of equity securities
Cash invested in mortgage loans on real estate
Cash invested in policy loans
Cash invested in funds withheld at interest
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired of $69,823
Purchases of property and equipment
Cash paid under securities repurchase agreements
Change in short-term investments
Change in other invested assets

Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities

Dividends to stockholders
Repayment of collateral finance and securitization notes
Proceeds from issuance of collateral finance and securitization notes
Proceeds from long-term debt issuance
Debt issuance costs
Principal payments of long-term debt
Purchases of treasury stock
Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangement
Exercise of stock options, net
Change in cash collateral for derivative positions and other arrangements
Deposits on universal life and other investment type policies and contracts
Withdrawals on universal life and other investment type policies and contracts

Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
Change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Interest paid
Income taxes paid, net of refunds

Non-cash transactions:

Transfer of invested assets
Accrual for capitalized assets

Purchase of a business:

Assets acquired, excluding cash acquired
Liabilities assumed

Net cash paid on purchase

(43,142)
(346,737)
154,234
(124,056)
1,320,810
(847,304)
242,466
(105,382)
52,902
(167,880)
—
24,216
1,982,308

7,308,608
589,214
207,347
339,919
114,586
(8,941,293)
(81,254)
(964,421)
(44,607)
(22,557)
—
(44,211)
—
52,302
(121,206)
(1,607,573)

(117,291)
(68,429)
—
—
—
(302,582)
(43,508)
—
7,292
(65,422)
1,017,699
(752,381)
(324,622)
52,693
102,806
1,200,718
1,303,524

173,471
37,098

$

$
$

(18,761)
(156,836)
31,024
(53,221)
810,474
293,777
(98,675)
(93,952)
26,853
(94,195)
(162)
117,949
1,465,718

4,584,828
472,435
434,518
442,755
88,840
(7,414,647)
(584,532)
(1,092,876)
(47,646)
(32,597)
—
(44,642)
—
465,628
(97,790)
(2,825,726)

(100,371)
(64,571)
—
799,984
(8,766)
(2,479)
(122,916)
162
15,321
26,413
1,041,623
(529,011)
1,055,389
(19,938)
(324,557)
1,525,275
1,200,718

156,727
61,085

$

$
$

3,285,837

$
— $

120,500

$
— $

— $
—
— $

— $
—
— $

(48,458)
(313,882)
(66,633)
(11,740)
1,867,488
148,996
(55,345)
(77,303)
31,103
164,750
(2,963)
(49,564)
2,088,615

5,461,687
439,640
81,319
383,828
21,322
(5,874,309)
(95,834)
(810,092)
(52,207)
(339,062)
(145,235)
(23,553)
(101,203)
(470,002)
91,960
(1,431,741)

(93,381)
(19,732)
164,220
—
(4,748)
(2,380)
(384,519)
2,963
11,151
52,381
277,280
(711,517)
(708,282)
(68,986)
(120,394)
1,645,669
1,525,275

148,124
41,577

2,092,558
253

4,040,175
(3,894,940)
145,235

$

$
$

$
$

$

$

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

89

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
Notes to consolidated financial statements
For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 
Note 1   BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Business
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (“RGA”) is an insurance holding company that was formed on December 31, 1992. 
The consolidated financial statements herein include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of RGA and its subsidiaries, 
all of which are wholly owned (collectively, the “Company”).
The Company is engaged in providing traditional reinsurance, which includes individual and group life and health, disability, and 
critical illness reinsurance.  The Company also provides financial solutions, which includes longevity reinsurance, asset-intensive 
products, primarily annuities, and financial reinsurance.
 Reinsurance is an arrangement under which an insurance company, the reinsurer, agrees to indemnify another insurance company, 
the ceding company, for all or a portion of the insurance risks underwritten by the ceding company. Reinsurance is designed to 
(i) reduce the net liability on individual risks, thereby enabling the ceding company to increase the volume of business it can 
underwrite, as well as increase the maximum risk it can underwrite on a single life or risk; (ii) stabilize operating results by leveling 
fluctuations in the ceding company’s loss experience; (iii) assist the ceding company to meet applicable regulatory requirements; 
and (iv) enhance the ceding company’s financial strength and surplus position.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles (“GAAP”). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as 
of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most 
significant estimates include those used in determining deferred policy acquisition costs, premiums receivable, future policy 
benefits, incurred but not reported claims, income taxes, valuation of investments and investment impairments, and valuation of 
embedded derivatives. Actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions used by management.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of RGA and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly 
owned, and any variable interest entities where the Company is the primary beneficiary. Entities in which the Company has 
significant influence over the operating and financing decisions but are not required to be consolidated are reported under the 
equity method of accounting. The Company evaluates variable interest entities in accordance with the general accounting principles 
for Consolidation. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
There  were  no  subsequent  events  that  would  require  disclosure  or  adjustments  to  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial 
statements through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued.

Note 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Investments

Fixed Maturity Securities
Fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value and are so classified based upon the possibility 
that such securities could be sold prior to maturity if that action enables the Company to execute its investment philosophy and 
appropriately match investment results to operating and liquidity needs.
Unrealized gains and losses on fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale, less applicable deferred income taxes as 
well as related adjustments to deferred acquisition costs, if applicable, are reflected as a direct charge or credit to accumulated 
other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) in stockholders’ equity on the consolidated balance sheets.
Investment income is recognized as it accrues or is legally due. Realized gains and losses on sales of investments are included in 
investment related gains (losses), net, as are credit impairments that are other-than-temporary in nature. The cost of investments 
sold is primarily determined based upon the specific identification method.

Mortgage Loans on Real Estate
Mortgage loans on real estate are carried at unpaid principal balances, net of any unamortized premium or discount and valuation 
allowances.  Interest  income  is  accrued  on  the  principal  amount  of  the  mortgage  loan  based  on  its  contractual  interest  rate. 
Amortization of premiums and discounts is recorded using the effective yield method. The Company accrues interest on loans 
until it is probable the Company will not receive interest or the loan is 90 days past due. Interest income, amortization of premiums, 

90

accretion of discounts and prepayment fees are reported in investment income, net of related expenses in the consolidated statements 
of income.
A mortgage loan is considered to be impaired when, based on the current information and events, it is probable that the Company 
will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the mortgage agreement. Although all available and 
applicable factors are considered in the Company’s analysis, loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios are the most critical 
factors in determining impairment.
Valuation allowances on mortgage loans are established based upon inherent losses expected by management to be realized in 
connection with future dispositions or settlement of mortgage loans, including foreclosures. The Company establishes valuation 
allowances for estimated impairments on an individual loan basis as of the balance sheet date. Such valuation allowances are based 
on the excess carrying value of the loan over the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s original 
effective interest rate, the value of the loan’s collateral if the loan is in the process of foreclosure or is otherwise collateral-dependent, 
or the loan’s market value if the loan is being sold. Non-specific valuation allowances are established for mortgage loans based 
upon several loan factors, including the Company’s historical experience for loan losses, defaults and loss severity, loss expectations 
for loans with similar risk characteristics and industry statistics. These evaluations are revised as conditions change and new 
information becomes available. In addition to historical experience, management considers qualitative factors that include the 
impact of changing macro-economic conditions, which may not be currently reflected in the loan portfolio performance, and the 
quality of the loan portfolio. 
Any interest accrued or received on the net carrying amount of the impaired loan will be included in investment income or applied 
to the principal of the loan, depending on the assessment of the collectability of the loan. Mortgage loans deemed to be uncollectible 
or that have been foreclosed are charged off against the valuation allowances and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the 
valuation allowances. Changes in valuation allowances are reported in investment related gains (losses), net on the consolidated 
statements of income.
The  Company  evaluates  whether  a  mortgage  loan  modification  represents  a  troubled  debt  restructuring.  In  a  troubled  debt 
restructuring, the Company grants concessions related to the borrower’s financial difficulties. Generally, the types of concessions 
include: reduction of the contractual interest rate, extension of the maturity date at an interest rate lower than current market interest 
rates and/or a reduction of accrued interest. The Company considers the amount, timing and extent of the concession granted in 
determining  any  impairment  or  changes  in  the  specific  valuation  allowance  recorded  in  connection  with  the  troubled  debt 
restructuring. Through the continuous monitoring process, the Company may have recorded a specific valuation allowance prior 
to when the mortgage loan is modified in a troubled debt restructuring. Accordingly, the carrying value (after specific valuation 
allowance) before and after modification through a troubled debt restructuring may not change significantly, or may increase if 
the expected recovery is higher than the pre-modification recovery assessment.

Policy Loans
Policy loans are reported at the unpaid principal balance. Interest income on such loans is recorded as earned using the contractually 
agreed-upon interest rate. These policy loans present no credit risk because the amount of the loan cannot exceed the obligation 
due the ceding company upon the death of the insured or surrender of the underlying policy.

Funds Withheld at Interest
Funds  withheld  at  interest  represent  amounts  contractually  withheld  by  ceding  companies  in  accordance  with  reinsurance 
agreements. For agreements written on a modified coinsurance basis and agreements written on a coinsurance funds withheld 
basis, assets which support the net statutory reserves or as defined in the treaty, are withheld and legally owned by the ceding 
company. Interest, recorded in investment income, net of related expenses in the consolidated statements of income, accrues to 
these assets at calculated rates as defined by the treaty terms.  Changes in the value of the equity options held within the funds 
withheld portfolio associated with equity-indexed annuity treaties are reflected in investment income, net of related expenses.

Short-term Investments
Short-term investments represent investments with remaining maturities greater than three months but less than twelve months, 
at the date of purchase, and are stated at estimated fair value or amortized cost, which approximates estimated fair value. Interest 
on short-term investments is recorded in investment income, net of related expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
Other Invested Assets
In  addition  to  derivative  contracts  discussed  below,  other  invested  assets  include  equity  securities,  contractholder-directed 
investments,  limited  partnership  interests,  joint  ventures  (other  than  operating  joint  ventures),  equity  release  mortgages  and 
structured loans.  Equity securities are carried at fair value with the exception of the Company’s investment in the Federal Home 
Loan Bank of Des Moines (“FHLB”) common stock, which is carried at cost.  The fair value option (“FVO”) was elected for 
contractholder-directed investments supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities which do not qualify for presentation 
and reporting as separate accounts. Changes in estimated fair value of these securities are included in investment income, net of 

91

related expenses.   Limited partnership interests and structured loans are primarily carried at cost.  Based on the nature and structure 
of these investments, they do not meet the characteristics of an equity security in accordance with applicable accounting standards.  
Joint ventures and certain limited partnerships are reported using the equity method of accounting.
Equity release mortgages are carried at unpaid principal balances, net of any unamortized premium or discount and valuation 
allowance.  Interest income is accrued on the principal amount of the equity release mortgage based on its contractual interest 
rate. 
Securities Borrowing, Lending and Repurchase Agreements
The  Company  participates  in  securities  borrowing  programs  whereby  securities,  which  are  not  reflected  on  the  Company’s 
consolidated balance sheets, are borrowed from third parties. The borrowed securities are used to provide collateral under affiliated 
reinsurance transactions. The Company is required to maintain a minimum of 100% of the fair value, or par value under certain 
programs, of the borrowed securities as collateral. The collateral consists of rights to reinsurance treaty cash flows. If cash flows 
from the reinsurance treaties are insufficient to maintain the minimum collateral requirement, the Company may substitute cash 
or securities to meet the requirement. 
The  Company  participates  in  a  securities  lending  program  whereby  securities,  reflected  as  investments  on  the  Company’s 
consolidated balance sheets, are loaned to a third party. The Company receives securities as collateral, in an amount equal to a 
minimum of 105% of the fair value of the securities lent. The securities received as collateral are not reflected on the Company’s 
consolidated balance sheets.
The Company participates in a repurchase program in which securities, reflected as investments on the Company’s consolidated 
balance sheets, are pledged to a third party. In return, the Company receives cash from the third party, which is reflected as a 
payable to a third party, included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company is required to maintain a 
minimum collateral balance with a fair value of 102% of the cash received.
The  Company  participates  in  repurchase/reverse  repurchase  programs  in  which  securities,  reflected  as  investments  on  the 
Company’s consolidated balance sheets, are pledged to third parties. In return, the Company receives securities from the third 
parties with an estimated fair value equal to a minimum of 100% of the securities pledged. The securities received are not reflected 
on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
Other-than-Temporary Impairment
The Company identifies fixed maturity and equity securities that could potentially have credit impairments that are other-than-
temporary by monitoring market events that could impact issuers’ credit ratings, business climates, management changes, litigation, 
government actions and other similar factors. The Company also monitors late payments, pricing levels, rating agency actions, 
key financial ratios, financial statements, revenue forecasts and cash flow projections as indicators of credit issues.
The Company reviews all securities on a case-by-case basis to determine whether an other-than-temporary decline in value exists 
and whether losses should be recognized. The Company considers relevant facts and circumstances in evaluating whether a credit 
or interest rate-related impairment of a security is other-than-temporary. Relevant facts and circumstances considered include: (1) 
the extent and length of time the fair value has been below cost; (2) the reasons for the decline in fair value; (3) the issuers financial 
position and access to capital; and (4) for fixed maturity securities, the Company’s intent to sell a security or whether it is more 
likely than not it will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost which, in some cases, may extend 
to maturity and for equity securities, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time that allows for the 
recovery in value. To the extent the Company determines that a security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, an 
impairment loss is recognized.
Impairment losses on equity securities are reported in investment related gains (losses), net on the consolidated statements of 
income. Impairment losses on fixed maturity securities recognized in the financial statements are dependent on the facts and 
circumstances related to the specific security. If the Company intends to sell a security or it is more likely than not that it would 
be required to sell a security before the recovery of its amortized cost, less any recorded credit loss, it recognizes an other-than-
temporary impairment in investment related gains (losses), net on the consolidated statements of income for the difference between 
amortized cost and fair value. If neither of these two conditions exists then the recognition of the other-than-temporary impairment 
is bifurcated and the Company recognizes the credit loss portion in investment related gains (losses), net and the non-credit loss 
portion in AOCI.
The Company estimates the amount of the credit loss component of a fixed maturity security impairment as the difference between 
amortized cost and the present value of the expected cash flows of the security. The present value is determined using the best 
estimate cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit to the security at the date of purchase or the current yield to 
accrete an asset-backed or floating rate security. The techniques and assumptions for establishing the best estimate cash flows 
vary depending on the type of security. The asset-backed securities’ cash flow estimates are based on security-specific facts and 
circumstances  that  may  include  collateral  characteristics,  expectations  of  delinquency  and  default  rates,  loss  severity  and 
prepayment speeds and structural support, including subordination and guarantees. The corporate fixed maturity security cash 

92

flow estimates are derived from scenario-based outcomes of expected corporate restructurings or the disposition of assets using 
security specific facts and circumstances including timing, security interests and loss severity.
In periods after an other-than-temporary impairment loss is recognized on a fixed maturity security, the Company will report the 
impaired security as if it had been purchased on the date it was impaired and will continue to estimate the present value of the 
estimated cash flows of the security. Accordingly, the discount (or reduced premium) based on the new cost basis is accreted into 
net investment income over the remaining term of the fixed maturity security in a prospective manner based on the amount and 
timing of estimated future cash flows.
The Company considers its cost method investments for other-than-temporary impairment when the carrying value of these 
investments exceeds the net asset value. The Company takes into consideration the severity and duration of this excess when 
deciding if the cost method investment is other-than-temporarily impaired. For equity method investments (including real estate 
ventures), the Company considers financial and other information provided by the investee, other known information and inherent 
risks in the underlying investments, as well as future capital commitments, in determining whether an impairment has occurred.

Derivative Instruments
Overview
The Company utilizes a variety of derivative instruments including swaps, options, forwards and futures, primarily to manage or 
hedge interest rate risk, credit risk, inflation risk, foreign currency risk, market volatility and various other market risks associated 
with its business. The Company does not invest in derivatives for speculative purposes. It is the Company’s policy to enter into 
derivative contracts primarily with highly rated parties. See Note 5 - “Derivative Instruments” for additional detail on the Company’s 
derivative positions.

Accounting and Financial Statement Presentation of Derivatives
Derivatives are carried on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets primarily in other invested assets or other liabilities, at fair 
value. Certain derivatives are subject to master netting provisions and reported as a net asset or liability. On the date a derivative 
contract is executed, the Company designates the derivative as (1) a fair value hedge, (2) a cash flow hedge, (3) a net investment 
hedge in a foreign operation or (4) free-standing derivatives held for other risk management purposes, which primarily involve 
managing asset or liability risks associated with the Company’s reinsurance treaties which do not qualify for hedge accounting.
Changes in the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments, which do not receive accounting hedge treatment, are primarily 
reflected in investment related gains (losses), net.
Changes in the fair value of non-investment free-standing derivative instruments (e.g. mortality and longevity swaps), which do 
not receive accounting hedge treatment, are reflected in other revenues.

Hedge Documentation and Hedge Effectiveness
To qualify for hedge accounting, at the inception of the hedging relationship, the Company formally documents its risk management 
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedging transaction, as well as its designation of the hedge as either (i) a fair value 
hedge; (ii) a cash flow hedge; or (iii) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. In this documentation, the Company sets 
forth how the hedging instrument is expected to hedge the designated risks related to the hedged item and sets forth the method 
that will be used to retrospectively and prospectively assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness and the method which will be 
used to measure ineffectiveness. A derivative designated as a hedging instrument must be assessed as being highly effective in 
offsetting the designated risk of the hedged item. Hedge effectiveness is formally assessed at inception and periodically throughout 
the life of the designated hedging relationship.
Under a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative, including amounts measured as ineffective, and 
changes in the fair value of the hedged item related to the designated risk being hedged, are reported within investment related 
gains (losses), net. The fair values of the hedging derivatives are exclusive of any accruals that are separately reported in the 
consolidated statement of income within interest income or interest expense to match the location of the hedged item.
Under a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative measured as effective are reported within AOCI and 
the deferred gains or losses on the derivative are reclassified into the consolidated statement of income when the Company’s 
earnings are affected by the variability in cash flows of the hedged item. Changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument 
measured as ineffective are reported within investment related gains (losses), net. The fair values of the hedging derivatives are 
exclusive of any accruals that are separately reported in the consolidated statement of income within interest income or interest 
expense to match the location of the hedged item.
In a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative that are measured as 
effective are reported within AOCI consistent with the translation adjustment for the hedged net investment in the foreign operation. 
Changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument measured as ineffective are reported within investment related gains (losses), 
net.

93

The Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when: (i) it is determined that the derivative is no longer highly 
effective in offsetting changes in the estimated fair value or cash flows of a hedged item; (ii) the derivative expires, is sold, 
terminated, or exercised; (iii) it is no longer probable that the hedged forecasted transaction will occur; or (iv) the derivative is 
de-designated as a hedging instrument.
When hedge accounting is discontinued because it is determined that the derivative is not highly effective, the derivative continues 
to be carried in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in investment related gains 
(losses), net. The carrying value of the hedged asset or liability under a fair value hedge is no longer adjusted for changes in its 
estimated fair value due to the hedged risk, and the cumulative adjustment to its carrying value is amortized into income over the 
remaining life of the hedged item. Provided the hedged forecasted transaction occurrence is still probable, the changes in estimated 
fair value of derivatives recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”) related to discontinued cash flow hedges are 
released into the consolidated statement of income when the Company’s earnings are affected by the variability in cash flows of 
the hedged item.
When hedge accounting is discontinued because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transactions will occur on the anticipated 
date or within two months of that date, the derivative continues to be carried in the consolidated balance sheets at its estimated 
fair value, with changes in estimated fair value recognized currently in investment related gains (losses), net. Deferred gains and 
losses of a derivative recorded in OCI pursuant to the discontinued cash flow hedge of a forecasted transaction that is no longer 
probable are recognized immediately in investment related gains (losses), net.
In all other situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued, the derivative is carried at its estimated fair value in the consolidated 
balance sheets, with changes in its estimated fair value recognized in the current period as investment related gains (losses), net.

Embedded Derivatives
The Company reinsures certain annuity products that contain terms that are deemed to be embedded derivatives, primarily equity-
indexed annuities and variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits. The Company assesses reinsurance contract terms 
to identify embedded derivatives which are required to be bifurcated under the general accounting principles for Derivatives and 
Hedging. If the contract is not reported for in its entirety at fair value and it is determined that the terms of the embedded derivative 
are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract, and that a separate instrument with the same 
terms would qualify as a derivative instrument, the embedded derivative is bifurcated from the host contract and accounted for 
separately.
Such embedded derivatives are carried on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value in the same line item as the host contract. 
Changes in the fair value of embedded derivatives associated with equity-indexed annuities are reflected in interest credited on 
the consolidated statements of income and changes in the fair value of embedded derivatives associated with variable annuity 
guaranteed minimum benefits are reflected in investment related gains (losses), net on the consolidated statements of income. See 
“Interest-Sensitive Contract Liabilities” below for additional information on embedded derivatives related to equity-indexed and 
variable annuities. The Company has implemented an economic hedging strategy to mitigate the volatility associated with its 
reinsurance of variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits. The hedging strategy is designed such that changes in the fair value 
of the hedge contracts, primarily futures, swap contracts and options, move in the opposite direction of changes in the fair value 
of the embedded derivatives. While the Company actively manages its hedging program, the hedges that are in place may not be 
totally effective in offsetting the embedded derivative changes due to the many variables that must be managed and the Company 
may see a corresponding increase or decrease in the net liability. The Company has elected not to assess this hedging strategy for 
hedge accounting treatment.
Additionally, reinsurance treaties written on a modified coinsurance or funds withheld basis are subject to the general accounting 
principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives. The Company’s funds withheld at interest balances are 
primarily associated with its reinsurance treaties structured on a modified coinsurance or funds withheld basis, the majority of 
which were subject to the general accounting principles for Derivatives and Hedging related to embedded derivatives. Management 
believes the embedded derivative feature in each of these reinsurance treaties is similar to a total return swap on the assets held 
by the ceding companies. The valuation of embedded derivatives is sensitive to the investment credit spread environment. Changes 
in investment credit spreads are also affected by the application of a credit valuation adjustment (“CVA”).  The fair value calculation 
of an embedded derivative in an asset position utilizes a CVA based on the ceding company’s credit risk. Conversely, the fair value 
calculation of an embedded derivative in a liability position utilizes a CVA based on the Company’s credit risk. Generally, an 
increase in investment credit spreads, ignoring changes in the CVA, will have a negative impact on the fair value of the embedded 
derivative (decrease in income).  The fair value of the embedded derivatives is included in the funds withheld at interest line item 
on the consolidated balance sheets. The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives is recorded in investment related 
gains (losses), net on the consolidated statements of income.
The Company has entered into various financial reinsurance treaties on a funds withheld and modified coinsurance basis. These 
treaties do not transfer significant insurance risk and are recorded on a deposit method of accounting with the Company earning 
a net fee. As a result of the experience refund provisions contained in these treaties, the value of the embedded derivatives in these 

94

contracts is currently considered immaterial. The Company monitors the performance of these treaties on a quarterly basis. 
Significant adverse performance or losses on these treaties may result in a loss associated with the embedded derivative.

Fair Value Measurements
General accounting principles for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures define fair value, establish a framework for measuring 
fair value, establish a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to measure fair value and enhance disclosure requirements for 
fair value measurements. In compliance with these principles, the Company has categorized its assets and liabilities, based on the 
priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three level hierarchy or separately for assets measured using the net asset 
value (“NAV”). The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
(Level 1), the second highest priority to quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable either directly 
or indirectly (Level 2) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
If the inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the category level is based on the lowest priority 
level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability.
See Note 6 - “Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities” for further details on the Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on deposit and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three 
months or less.

Premiums Receivable
Premiums are accrued when due and in accordance with information received from the ceding company. When the Company 
enters into a new reinsurance agreement, it records accruals based on the terms of the reinsurance treaty. Similarly, when a ceding 
company fails to report information on a timely basis, the Company records accruals based on the terms of the reinsurance treaty 
as well as historical experience. Other management estimates include adjustments for increased in force on existing treaties, lapsed 
premiums given historical experience, the financial health of specific ceding companies, collateral value and the legal right of 
offset on related amounts (i.e. allowances and claims) owed to the ceding company. Under the legal right of offset provisions in 
its reinsurance treaties, the Company can withhold payments for allowances and claims from unpaid premiums. Based on its 
review of these factors and historical experience, the Company did not believe a provision for doubtful accounts was necessary 
as of December 31, 2017 or 2016.

Reinsurance Ceded Receivables
The Company generally reports retrocession activity on a gross basis.  Amounts paid or deemed to have been paid for reinsurance 
are reflected in reinsurance ceded receivables.  The cost of reinsurance related to long-duration contracts is recognized over the 
terms of the reinsured policies on a basis consistent with the reporting of those policies.

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs
Costs of acquiring new business, which vary with and are directly related to the production of new business, have been deferred 
to the extent that such costs are deemed recoverable from future premiums or gross profits. Such costs include commissions and 
allowances as well as certain costs of policy issuance and underwriting. Non-commission costs related to the acquisition of new 
and renewal insurance contracts may be deferred only if they meet the following criteria:

• 
• 

Incremental direct costs of a successful contract acquisition
Portions of employees’ salaries and benefits directly related to time spent performing specified acquisition activities 
for a contract that has been acquired or renewed

•  Other costs directly related to the specified acquisition or renewal activities that would not have been incurred had 

that acquisition contract transaction not occurred

The Company tests the recoverability for each year of business at issue before establishing additional deferred acquisition costs 
(“DAC”). The Company also performs annual tests to establish that DAC are expected to remain recoverable, and if financial 
performance significantly deteriorates to the point where a deficiency exists, a cumulative charge to current operations will be 
recorded. No such adjustments related to DAC recoverability were made in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
DAC related to traditional life insurance contracts are amortized with interest over the premium-paying period of the related 
policies in proportion to the ratio of individual period premium revenues to total anticipated premium revenues over the life of 
the policy. Such anticipated premium revenues are estimated using the same assumptions used for computing liabilities for future 
policy benefits.
DAC related to interest-sensitive life and investment-type policies are amortized over the lives of the policies, in proportion to 
the gross profits realized from mortality, investment income less interest credited, and expense margins.

95

Other Reinsurance Balances
The Company assumes and retrocedes financial reinsurance contracts that do not expose it to a reasonable possibility of loss from 
insurance risk. These contracts are reported as deposits and are included in other reinsurance assets/liabilities. The amount of 
revenue reported in other revenues on these contracts represents fees and the cost of insurance under the terms of the reinsurance 
agreement.  Assets and liabilities are reported on a net or gross basis, depending on the specific details within each treaty. Reinsurance 
agreements reported on a net basis, where a legal right of offset exists, are generally included in other reinsurance balances on the 
consolidated balance sheets. Balances resulting from the assumption and/or subsequent transfer of benefits and obligations resulting 
from cash flows related to variable annuities have also been classified as other reinsurance balance assets and/or liabilities. Other 
reinsurance assets are included in premiums receivable and other reinsurance balances while other reinsurance liabilities are 
included in other reinsurance balances on the consolidated balance sheets.

Goodwill and Value of Business Acquired
Goodwill, reported in other assets, is not amortized into results of operations, but instead is reviewed at least annually for impairment 
and written down only in the periods in which the recorded value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Goodwill as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016 totaled $7.0 million. The value of business acquired (“VOBA”) is amortized in proportion to the ratio of annual 
premium revenues to total anticipated premium revenues or in relation to the present value of estimated profits. Anticipated 
premium revenues have been estimated using assumptions consistent with those used in estimating reserves for future policy 
benefits. The carrying value is reviewed at least annually for indicators of impairment in value. The VOBA was approximately 
$3.3 million and $3.1 million, including accumulated amortization of $14.6 million and $14.3 million, as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016, respectively. The VOBA amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $0.3 million, 
$0.5 million, and $0.4 million, respectively.  These amortized balances are included in other assets on the consolidated balance 
sheets. Future amortization of the VOBA is not material.

Value of Distribution Agreements and Customer Relationships Acquired
Value of distribution agreements (“VODA”) is reported in other assets and represents the present value of future profits associated 
with the expected future business derived from the distribution agreements. Value of customer relationships acquired (“VOCRA”) 
is also reported in other assets and represents the present value of the expected future profits associated with the expected future 
business acquired through existing customers of the acquired company or business.  The VODA is amortized over a useful life of 
15 years and the VOCRA is also amortized over a 15 year period in proportion to expected revenues generated. Such amortization 
is included in policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses for reinsurance-related acquisitions or other operating expenses 
for other acquisitions. Each year the Company reviews VODA and VOCRA to determine the recoverability of these balances. 
VODA and VOCRA totaled approximately $52.3 million and $61.2 million, including accumulated amortization of $72.1 million
and $63.2 million, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The VODA and VOCRA amortization expense for the years 
ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $8.9 million, $9.3 million and $9.5 million, respectively. Amortization of the VODA 
and VOCRA is estimated to be $8.6 million, $8.3 million, $7.8 million, $6.9 million and $6.6 million during 2018, 2019, 2020, 
2021 and 2022, respectively.

Property, Equipment, Leasehold Improvements and Computer Software
Property,  equipment  and  leasehold  improvements,  which  are  included  in  other  assets,  are  stated  at  cost,  less  accumulated 
depreciation. Depreciation is determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as appropriate. 
The  estimated  life  is  generally  40  years  for  company  occupied  real  estate  property,  from  one  to  seven  years  for  leasehold 
improvements, and from three to seven years for all other property and equipment. The cost basis of the property, equipment and 
leasehold improvements was $236.1 million and $221.7 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Accumulated 
depreciation of property, equipment and leasehold improvements was $79.4 million and $60.8 million at December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively.  Related depreciation expense was $17.2 million, $16.6 million and $17.1 million for the years ended December 
31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The Company had assets acquired under capital leases, included in the total above, of 
$136.3 million and $145.7 million, net of accumulated depreciation of $30.5 million and $21.0 million as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016, respectively. Depreciation on assets under capital leases charged to expense is included in other operating expenses. 
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $9.4 million, $9.6 million and $10.0 million, 
respectively.

Computer software, which is included in other assets, is stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. Purchased software costs, 
as well as certain internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use computer software during the application development 
stage, are capitalized. Amortization of software costs is recorded on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from three to ten 
years. Carrying values are reviewed periodically for indicators of impairment in value. Unamortized computer software costs were 
$145.5 million and $139.8 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Amortization expense was $35.7 million, $10.3 
million, and $14.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The Company recognized capital 
project write-offs of $24.5 million, $0.6 million and $6.0 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

96

Operating Joint Ventures
The Company has made investments in certain joint ventures that are strategic in nature and made other than for the sole purpose 
of generating investment income. These investments are reported under the equity method of accounting and are included in other 
assets on the consolidated balance sheets.  The Company’s share of earnings from these joint ventures is reported in other revenues 
on the consolidated statements of income.  The Company’s investments in operating joint ventures do not have a material effect 
on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition, and as a result no additional disclosures have been presented.

Future Policy Benefits
Liabilities for future benefits on life policies are established in an amount adequate to meet the estimated future obligations on 
policies in force.  Liabilities for future policy benefits under long-term life insurance policies have been computed based upon 
expected investment yields, mortality and withdrawal (lapse) rates, and other assumptions. These assumptions include a margin 
for adverse deviation and vary with the characteristics of the plan of insurance, year of issue, age of insured, and other appropriate 
factors.  Interest rates range from 3.0% to 6.0%.  The mortality and withdrawal assumptions are based on the Company’s experience 
as well as industry experience and standards. In establishing reserves for future policy benefits, the Company assigns policy 
liability assumptions to particular timeframes (eras) in such a manner as to be consistent with the underlying assumptions and 
economic conditions at the time the risks are assumed. The Company maintains a consistent approach to setting the provision for 
adverse deviation between eras.
Liabilities for future benefits on longevity business, including annuities in the payout phase, are established in an amount adequate 
to meet the estimated future obligations on policies in force. Liabilities for future benefits related to the longevity business, including 
annuities in the payout phase have been calculated using expected mortality, investment yields, and other assumptions. These 
assumptions include a margin for adverse deviation and vary with the characteristics of the plan of insurance, year of issue, age 
of insured, and other appropriate factors. The mortality assumptions are based on the Company’s experience as well as industry 
experience and standards. A deferred profit liability is established when the gross premium exceeds the net premium.
The Company periodically reviews actual and anticipated experience compared to the assumptions used to establish policy benefits. 
The Company establishes premium deficiency reserves if actual and anticipated experience indicates that existing policy liabilities 
together with the present value of future gross premiums will not be sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits, 
settlement and maintenance costs and to recover unamortized acquisition costs.  Anticipated investment income is considered in 
the calculation of premium deficiency losses for short duration contracts.  The premium deficiency reserve is established by a 
charge to income, as well as a reduction in unamortized acquisition costs and, to the extent there are no unamortized acquisition 
costs, an increase in future policy benefits.
The reserving process includes normal periodic reviews of assumptions used and adjustments of reserves to incorporate the 
refinement of the assumptions. Any such adjustments relate only to policies assumed in recent periods and the adjustments are 
reflected by a cumulative charge or credit to current operations.
The Company reinsures disability products in various markets. Liabilities for future benefits on disability policies’ active lives 
are established in an amount adequate to meet the estimated future obligations on policies in force. These reserves are the amounts 
which, with the additional premiums to be received and interest thereon compounded annually at certain assumed rates, are 
calculated to be sufficient to meet the various policy and contract obligations as they mature.
The Company establishes future policy benefits for guaranteed minimum death benefits (“GMDB”) relating to the reinsurance of 
certain variable annuity contracts by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected account balance 
and recognizing the excess proportionally over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The Company 
regularly evaluates estimates used and adjusts the additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to claims and other 
policy benefits, if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. The assumptions used 
in estimating the GMDB liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing DAC, and are thus subject to the same variability 
and risk. The Company’s GMDB liabilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016 were not material.

Interest-Sensitive Contract Liabilities
Liabilities for future benefits on interest-sensitive life and investment-type contract liabilities are carried at the accumulated contract 
holder values without reduction for potential surrender or withdrawal charges. The Company reinsures asset-intensive products, 
including annuities and corporate-owned life insurance. The investment portfolios for these products are segregated for management 
purposes within the general account of RGA Reinsurance Company (“RGA Reinsurance”). The liabilities under asset-intensive 
insurance contracts or reinsurance contracts reinsured on a coinsurance basis are included in interest-sensitive contract liabilities 
on the consolidated balance sheets. Asset-intensive contracts principally include individual fixed annuities in the accumulation 
phase, single premium immediate annuities, equity-indexed annuities, individual variable annuities, corporate-owned life and 
interest-sensitive whole life insurance contracts. Interest-sensitive contract liabilities are equal to (i) policy account values, which 
consist of an accumulation of gross premium payments; (ii) credited interest less expenses, mortality charges, and withdrawals; 
and (iii) fair value adjustments relating to business combinations. Liabilities for immediate annuities are calculated as the present 

97

value of the expected cash flows, with the locked-in discount rate determined such that there is no gain or loss at inception. 
Additionally, certain annuity contracts the Company reinsures contain terms, such as guaranteed minimum benefits and equity 
participation options, which are deemed to be embedded derivatives and are accounted for based on the general accounting 
principles for Derivatives and Hedging. 
The Company establishes liabilities for guaranteed minimum living benefits relating to certain variable annuity products as follows:
Guaranteed minimum income benefits (“GMIB”) provide the contract holder, after a specified period of time determined at the 
time of issuance of the variable annuity contract, with a minimum level of income (annuity) payments. Under the reinsurance 
treaty, the Company makes a payment to the ceding company equal to the GMIB net amount-at-risk at the time of annuitization 
and thus these contracts meet the net settlement criteria of the general accounting principles for Derivatives and Hedging and the 
Company assumes no mortality risk. Accordingly, the GMIB is considered an embedded derivative, which is measured at fair 
value separately from the host variable annuity product.
Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (“GMWB”) guarantee the contract holder a return of their purchase payment via partial 
withdrawals, even if the account value is reduced to zero, provided that the contract holder’s cumulative withdrawals in a contract 
year do not exceed a certain limit. The initial guaranteed withdrawal amount is equal to the initial benefit base as defined in the 
contract (typically, the initial purchase payments plus applicable bonus amounts). The GMWB is also an embedded derivative, 
which is measured at fair value separately from the host variable annuity product.
Guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (“GMAB”) provide the contract holder, after a specified period of time determined 
at the time of issuance of the variable annuity contract, with a minimum accumulation of their purchase payments even if the 
account value is reduced to zero. The initial guaranteed accumulation amount is equal to the initial benefit base as defined in the 
contract (typically, the initial purchase payments plus applicable bonus amounts). The GMAB is also an embedded derivative, 
which is measured at fair value separately from the host variable annuity product.
For GMIB, GMWB and GMAB, the initial benefit base is increased by additional purchase payments made within a certain time 
period and decreased by benefits paid and/or withdrawal amounts. After a specified period of time, the benefit base may also 
increase as a result of an optional reset as defined in the contract.
The fair values of the GMIB, GMWB and GMAB embedded derivative liabilities are reflected in interest-sensitive contract 
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and are calculated based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to the 
projected cash flows, including benefits and related contract charges over the lives of the contracts. These projected cash flows 
incorporate expectations concerning policyholder behavior, such as lapses, withdrawals and benefit selections, and capital market 
assumptions such as interest rates and equity market volatilities. In measuring the fair value of GMIBs, GMWBs and GMABs, 
the Company attributes a portion of the fees collected from the policyholder equal to the present value of expected future guaranteed 
minimum income, withdrawal and accumulation benefits (at inception). The changes in fair value are reported in investment related 
gains (losses), net. Any additional fees represent “excess” fees and are reported in other revenues on the consolidated statements 
of income. These variable annuity guaranteed living benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity 
markets or falling interest rate markets, causing an increase in interest-sensitive contract liabilities, negatively affecting net income.
The Company reinsures equity-indexed annuity contracts. These contracts allow the contract holder to elect an interest rate return 
or an equity market component where interest credited is based on the performance of common stock market indices, such as the 
S&P 500 Index®, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, or the NASDAQ. The equity market option is considered an embedded 
derivative, similar to a call option, which is reflected at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets in interest-sensitive contract 
liabilities. The fair value of embedded derivatives is computed based on a projection of future equity option costs using a budget 
methodology, discounted back to the balance sheet date using current market indicators of volatility and interest rates. Changes 
in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are included as a component of interest credited on the consolidated statements of 
income.
The Company reviews its estimates of actuarial liabilities for interest-sensitive contract liabilities and compares them with its 
actual experience. Differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these guarantees and benefits and 
in the establishment of the related liabilities result in variances in profit and could result in losses. The effects of changes in such 
estimated liabilities are included in the results of operations in the period in which the changes occur.

Other Policy Claims and Benefits
Claims payable for incurred but not reported losses are determined using case-basis estimates and lag studies of past experience. 
The time lag from the date of the claim or death to when the ceding company reports the claim to the Company can vary significantly 
by ceding company, business segment and product type, but generally averages around 3.6 months. Incurred but not reported 
claims are estimates on an undiscounted basis, using actuarial estimates of historical claims expense, adjusted for current trends 
and  conditions. These  estimates  are  continually  reviewed  and  the  ultimate  liability  may  vary  significantly  from  the  amount 
recognized, which are reflected in claims and other policy benefits in the consolidated statements of income in the period in which 
they are determined.

98

Other Liabilities
Other liabilities primarily include investments in transit, separate accounts, employee benefits, cash collateral received on derivative 
positions and current federal income taxes payable.

Income Taxes
The U.S. consolidated tax return includes the operations of RGA and all eligible subsidiaries. Aurora National Life Assurance 
Company’s (“Aurora National”) files a separate U.S. income tax return as it is ineligible for inclusion in the consolidated federal 
tax return until 2021. The Company’s foreign subsidiaries are taxed under applicable local statutes.
The Company provides for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary 
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are recognized in net income or in certain 
cases in OCI. The Company’s accounting for income taxes represents management’s best estimate of various events and transactions 
considering the laws enacted as of the reporting date.  The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“U.S. Tax Reform”) creates additional 
complexity due to various provisions that require management judgment and assumptions, which are subject to change.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and 
liabilities are measured at the balance sheet date using enacted tax rates in the relevant jurisdictions expected to apply to taxable 
income in the years the temporary differences are expected to reverse.
The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward 
periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. The Company has deferred tax assets related to net operating and 
capital losses. The Company has projected its ability to utilize its U.S. and foreign net operating losses and has determined that 
all of the U.S. losses are expected to be utilized prior to their expiration and established a valuation allowance on the portion of 
the foreign deferred tax assets the Company believes more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized.  
The Company also has deferred tax assets related to foreign tax credit (“FTC”) carryforwards.  The Company established a valuation 
allowance on the FTC carryforwards as the Company no longer expects to realize these credits.
The Company will establish a valuation allowance if management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely 
than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining whether valuation 
allowances should be established as well as the amount of such allowances. When making such a determination, consideration is 
given to, among other things, the following:

future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards;
future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences;
taxable income in prior carryback years; and
tax planning strategies.

(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
(iv) 
Any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements in the year these changes 
occur. The Company reports its total liability for uncertain tax positions considering the recognition and measurement thresholds 
established in general accounting principles for income taxes. The tax effects of a position are recognized in the consolidated 
statement of income only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority. 
Unrecognized tax benefits due to tax uncertainties that do not meet the more likely than not criteria are included within other 
liabilities and are charged to earnings in the period that such determination is made. The Company classifies interest related to 
tax uncertainties as interest expense whereas penalties related to tax uncertainties are classified as a component of income tax.

Collateral Finance and Securitization Notes
Collateral finance and securitization notes represent private placement asset-backed structured financing transactions. Collateral 
finance notes are issued on specified insurance policies reinsured by the Company’s regulated subsidiaries. Transaction costs, 
primarily interest expense, are reflected in collateral finance and securitization expense. See Note 14 - “Collateral Finance and 
Securitization Notes” for additional information.

Foreign Currency Translation
Assets, liabilities and results of foreign operations are recorded based on the functional currency of each foreign operation. The 
determination of the functional currency is based on economic facts and circumstances pertaining to each foreign operation. The 
Company’s material functional currencies are the U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, British pound, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, 
Korean won, Euro and South African rand.  The translation of the functional currency into U.S. dollars is performed for balance 
sheet accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using weighted-
average exchange rates during each year. Gains or losses, net of applicable deferred income taxes, resulting from such translation 
are included in accumulated currency translation adjustments, in AOCI on the consolidated balance sheets until the underlying 
functional currency operation is sold or substantially liquidated. 

99

Recognition of Revenues and Related Expenses
Life and health premiums are recognized as revenue when due from the insured, and are reported net of amounts retroceded. 
Benefits and expenses are reported net of amounts retroceded and are associated with earned premiums so that profits are recognized 
over the life of the related contract. This association is accomplished through the provision for future policy benefits and the 
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs. Other revenue includes items such as treaty recapture fees, fees associated with 
financial reinsurance and policy changes on interest-sensitive and investment-type products that the Company reinsures. Any fees 
that are collected in advance of the period benefited are deferred and recognized over the period benefited.
For certain reinsurance transactions involving in force blocks of business, the ceding company pays a premium equal to the initial 
required reserve (future policy benefit). In such transactions, for income statement presentation, the Company nets the expense 
associated with the establishment of the reserve on the consolidated balance sheets against the premiums from the transaction.
Revenues for interest-sensitive and investment-type products consist of investment income, policy charges for the cost of insurance, 
policy administration, and surrenders that have been assessed against policy account balances during the period. Interest-sensitive 
contract liabilities for these products represent policy account balances before applicable surrender charges. Policy benefits and 
claims that are charged to expenses include claims incurred in the period in excess of related policy account balances and interest 
credited to policy account balances. Interest is credited to policyholder account balances according to terms of the policies or 
contracts.
For each of its reinsurance contracts, the Company must determine if the contract provides indemnification against loss or liability 
relating to insurance risk, in accordance with GAAP. The Company must review all contractual features, particularly those that 
may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the Company is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. 
If the Company determines that a contract does not expose it to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, 
the Company records the contract on a deposit method of accounting with any net amount receivable reflected as an asset within 
premiums receivable and other reinsurance balances, and any net amount payable reflected as a liability within other reinsurance 
balances on the consolidated balance sheets. Fees earned on the contracts are reflected as other revenues, rather than premiums, 
on the consolidated statements of income.

Equity Based Compensation
The Company expenses the fair value of stock awards included in its incentive compensation plans. As of the date stock awards 
are approved, the fair value of stock options is determined using a Black-Scholes options valuation methodology, and the fair 
value of other stock awards is based upon the market value of the stock on the grant date. The fair value of the awards is expensed 
over the performance or service period, which generally corresponds to the vesting period, and is recognized as an increase to 
additional paid-in-capital in stockholders’ equity, and stock-based compensation expense is reflected in other operating expenses 
in the consolidated statements of income.

Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share exclude any dilutive effects of any outstanding options. Diluted earnings per share include the dilutive 
effects assuming outstanding stock options were exercised.

New Accounting Pronouncements
Changes to the general accounting principles are established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) in the form 
of accounting standards updates to the FASB Accounting Standards CodificationTM. Accounting standards updates not listed below 
were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on the Company’s consolidated 
financial statements.

Adoption of New Accounting Standards

Stock Compensation

In March 2016, the FASB updated the general accounting principal for Stock Compensation which changed how companies 
account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees. The updated guidance requires excess tax benefits and 
deficiencies from share-based payment awards be recorded in income tax expense in the income statement. Previously, excess tax 
benefits and deficiencies were recognized in shareholders’ equity or deferred taxes on the balance sheet depending on the tax 
situation of the Company. In addition, the updated guidance also changes the accounting for forfeitures and statutory tax withholding 
requirements,  as  well  as  the  classification  in  the  statement  of  cash  flows. The  new  standard  generally  requires  a  modified 
retrospective transition through a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the period of adoption, with certain provisions 
requiring either a prospective or retrospective transition. The Company adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2017. Upon 
adoption, the Company recognized excess tax benefits of approximately $17.7 million in deferred tax assets that were previously 
not recognized in a cumulative-effect adjustment increasing retained earnings by $17.7 million. The Company also recorded excess 

100

tax benefits of approximately $10.5 million in the provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2017. The number 
of weighted average diluted shares outstanding were also adjusted to exclude excess tax benefits from the assumed proceeds in 
the diluted shares calculation resulting in an immaterial increase in the number of dilutive shares outstanding. The Company also 
elected to continue estimating forfeitures for purposes of recognizing share-based compensation. Other aspects of the adoption of 
the updated guidance did not have a material impact to the Company’s financial statements. 

Reporting Comprehensive Income

In  February  2018,  the  FASB  updated  the  general  accounting  principle  for  Reporting  Comprehensive  Income  to  require 
reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income  to retained earnings for the stranded tax effects resulting from 
the newly enacted U.S. federal corporate income tax rate.  The amount of the reclassification would be the difference between the 
historical U.S. federal corporate income tax rate and the newly enacted 21 percent tax rate.  The Company adopted the new guidance 
on December 31, 2017 by reclassifying certain income tax effects of items within accumulated other comprehensive income to 
retained earnings as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.  The impact of adopting this standard was an increase in 
accumulated other comprehensive income and a reduction in retained earnings of approximately $156.4 million.

Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards

Financial Instruments

In January 2016, the FASB amended the general accounting principle for Financial Instruments, which requires equity investments 
that are not accounted for under the equity method of accounting to be measured at fair value with changes recognized in net 
income and also updates certain presentation and disclosure requirements. The new guidance became effective for the Company 
beginning January 1, 2018 and required a cumulative-effect adjustment for certain items upon adoption. The adoption of the new 
guidance was not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

In June 2016, the FASB amended the existing impairment guidance of Financial Instruments. The amendment adds to U.S. GAAP 
an impairment model, known as current expected credit loss (“CECL”) model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred 
losses. For traditional and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments entities will be required 
to use the new forward-looking “expected loss” model that generally will result in earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For 
available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses similar to what they do today, except 
the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reduction to the amortized cost of the securities. This guidance is effective 
for the Company January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The guidance will be adopted through a cumulative-effect 
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (that is, a 
modified-retrospective approach). The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial 
statements.

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance which will replace most existing lease accounting guidance. The new standard, based 
on the principle that entities should recognize assets and liabilities arising from leases, does not significantly change the lessees’ 
recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows from the previous accounting standard. Leases are classified 
as finance or operating. The new standard’s primary change is the requirement for entities to recognize a lease liability for payments 
and a right of use asset representing the right to use the leased asset during the term of operating lease arrangements. Lessees are 
permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize the asset and liability for leases with a term of twelve months 
or less. Lessors’ accounting is largely unchanged from the previous accounting standard. In addition, the new standard expands 
the disclosure requirements of lease arrangements. Lessees and lessors will use a modified retrospective transition approach, which 
includes a number of practical expedients. This guidance is effective for the Company January 1, 2019, with early adoption 
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements; however, 
it does not expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on its results of operations or balance sheet as a result 
of the recognition of right-to-use assets and lease liabilities related to operating leases.  Contractual obligations related to operating 
leases totaled approximately $38.2 million as of December 31, 2017.

Income Taxes 

In October 2016, the FASB amended the general accounting principal for Income Taxes, effective for the Company January 1, 
2018. The amendment requires entities to recognize the tax consequences of intercompany asset transfers, except for inventory, 
at the transaction date. Current GAAP prohibits entities from recognizing the income tax consequences from intercompany asset 
transfers. The seller defers any net tax effect, and the buyer is prohibited from recognizing a deferred tax asset on the difference 
between the newly created tax basis of the asset in its tax jurisdiction and its financial statement carrying amount as reported in 
the consolidated financial statements. The amendment requires entities to recognize these tax consequences in the period in which 
the transfer occurred. There will be an immediate effect on earnings if the tax rates in the seller’s and buyer’s tax jurisdictions are 

101

different. This amendment will be applied using a modified retrospective transition method with a cumulative effect adjustment 
to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The adoption of this amendment is not expected to have a 
material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Derivative and Hedging

In August 2017, the FASB updated the general accounting principal for Derivatives and Hedging. The updated guidance improves 
the financial reporting of hedging relationships to better portray the economic results of an entity’s risk management activities in 
its financial statements and make certain targeted improvements to simplify the application of the hedge accounting in current 
GAAP related to the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The updated guidance is effective for the Company January 1, 2019, with 
early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this updated guidance on its consolidated financial 
statements.

Note 3  ACQUISITIONS
In April 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of 100% of Aurora National stock from Swiss Re Life & Health America, 
Inc. (“Swiss Re”) pursuant to the stock purchase agreement dated October 20, 2014, between the Company and Swiss Re.  The 
transaction represented an opportunity to deploy capital into a seasoned closed block of business in the U.S. market.  The total 
cash purchase price was $191.5 million, net of cash acquired.  Total assets acquired were $3.7 billion, primarily consisting of $3.6 
billion of investments, and total liabilities assumed were $3.5 billion.  There is no goodwill, including tax deductible goodwill, 
associated with the acquisition. The business acquired is reflected in the U.S. and Latin America Traditional and Financial Solutions 
segments.  This acquisition did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and as a result no 
proforma disclosures have been presented.
In October 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of the life insurance portfolio of PGGM Levensverzekeringen, N.V.
(“PGGM”), a Netherlands-based cooperative.  This transaction supports the Company’s objective to capitalize on the realignment 
of the financial services industry and provide closed-block solutions in the European market.  Total assets acquired were $404.4 
million, primarily consisting of $395.6 million of investments, and total liabilities assumed were $394.1 million.  There is no 
goodwill, including tax deductible goodwill, associated with the acquisition. The acquisition is reflected in the Company’s Europe, 
Middle East and Africa traditional and financial solutions segments. This acquisition did not have a material impact on the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements, and as a result no proforma disclosures have been presented.

Note 4  INVESTMENTS
Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale
The  Company  holds  various  types  of  fixed  maturity  securities  available-for-sale  and  classifies  them  as  corporate  securities 
(“Corporate”), Canadian and Canadian provincial government securities (“Canadian government”), residential mortgage-backed 
securities (“RMBS”), asset-backed securities (“ABS”), commercial mortgage-backed securities (“CMBS”), U.S. government and 
agencies  (“U.S.  government”),  state  and  political  subdivisions,  and  other  foreign  government,  supranational  and  foreign 
government-sponsored enterprises (“Other foreign government”).  The following tables provide information relating to investments 
in fixed maturity and equity securities by sector as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 2017:

Available-for-sale:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total fixed maturity securities

Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities

Total equity securities

Amortized

Cost

Unrealized

Gains

Unrealized

Losses

Estimated
Fair Value

% of Total

55,429
1,707
11,878
5,194
4,834
21,933
4,296
8,075
113,346
2,226
1,421
3,647

$

$
$

$

23,210,968
4,220,076
1,719,880
1,648,362
1,303,387
1,943,592
703,428
3,401,127
38,150,820
39,806
60,346
100,152

60.9% $
11.1
4.5
4.3
3.4
5.1
1.8
8.9

100.0% $
39.7%
60.3
100.0%

$

$
$

$

21,966,803
2,843,273
1,695,126
1,634,758
1,285,594
1,953,436
647,727
3,254,695
35,281,412
41,553
61,288
102,841

$

$
$

$

1,299,594
1,378,510
36,632
18,798
22,627
12,089
59,997
154,507
2,982,754
479
479
958

$

$
$

$

102

Other-than-
temporary
impairments

in AOCI

—
—
—
275
—
—
—
—
275

December 31, 2016:

Available-for-sale:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total fixed maturity securities

Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities

Total equity securities

Amortized

Cost

Unrealized

Gains

Unrealized

Losses

Estimated
Fair Value

% of Total

$

$
$

$

18,924,711
2,561,605
1,258,039
1,443,822
1,342,440
1,518,702
566,761
2,595,707
30,211,787
55,812
229,767
285,579

$

$
$

$

911,618
1,085,982
33,917
9,350
28,973
12,644
37,499
123,054
2,243,037
1,648
1,792
3,440

$

$
$

$

217,245
3,541
13,380
23,828
7,759
63,044
12,464
19,938
361,199
6,337
7,321
13,658

$

$
$

$

19,619,084
3,644,046
1,278,576
1,429,344
1,363,654
1,468,302
591,796
2,698,823
32,093,625
51,123
224,238
275,361

61.1% $
11.4
4.0
4.5
4.2
4.6
1.8
8.4

100.0% $
18.6%
81.4
100.0%

Other-than-
temporary
impairments

in AOCI

—
—
(375)
275
—
—
—
—
(100)

The Company enters into various collateral arrangements with counterparties that require both the pledging and acceptance of 
fixed maturity securities as collateral. Pledged fixed maturity securities are included in fixed maturity securities, available-for-
sale in the consolidated balance sheets. Fixed maturity securities received as collateral are held in separate custodial accounts and 
are not recorded on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Subject to certain constraints, the Company is permitted by contract 
to sell or repledge collateral it receives; however, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, none of the collateral received had been 
sold or repledged.  The Company also holds assets in trust to satisfy collateral requirements under derivative transactions and 
certain third-party reinsurance treaties.  The following table includes fixed maturity securities pledged and received as collateral 
and assets in trust held to satisfy collateral requirements under derivative transactions and certain third-party reinsurance treaties 
as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

Fixed maturity securities pledged as collateral
Fixed maturity securities received as collateral
Assets in trust held to satisfy collateral requirements

2017

2016

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

$

$

72,542
n/a
15,584,296

75,622
590,417
16,715,281

$

$

207,066
n/a
12,135,258

210,676
300,925
12,874,370

The Company monitors its concentrations of financial instruments on an ongoing basis, and mitigates credit risk by maintaining 
a diversified investment portfolio which limits exposure to any one issuer.  The Company’s exposure to concentrations of credit 
risk from single issuers greater than 10% of the Company’s stockholders’ equity  included securities of the U.S. government and 
its agencies, as well as the securities disclosed below, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

Fixed maturity securities guaranteed or issued by:

Canadian province of Quebec
Canadian province of Ontario

2017

2016

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

$

1,119,337
939,837

$

1,917,996
1,282,944

$

1,004,261
832,764

$

1,612,957
1,126,433

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2017 are shown by 
contractual maturity in the table below (dollars in thousands). Actual maturities can differ from contractual maturities because 
borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Asset and mortgage-
backed securities are shown separately in the table below, as they are not due at a single maturity date.

Available-for-sale:

Due in one year or less
Due after one year through five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years
Asset and mortgage-backed securities

Total

Amortized Cost

Estimated Fair Value

$

$

864,993
7,988,167
9,286,543
12,526,231
4,615,478
35,281,412

$

$

868,802
8,234,097
9,781,323
14,594,969
4,671,629
38,150,820

103

Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities

The tables below show the major industry types of the Company’s corporate fixed maturity holdings as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 2017:

Finance
Industrial
Utility
Total

December 31, 2016:

Finance
Industrial
Utility
Total

Amortized Cost

Estimated
Fair Value

% of Total

$

$

$

$

7,977,885
11,535,166
2,453,752
21,966,803

Amortized Cost

6,725,199
10,228,813
1,970,699
18,924,711

$

$

$

$

8,362,774
12,199,333
2,648,861
23,210,968

Estimated
Fair Value

% of Total

6,888,968
10,639,613
2,090,503
19,619,084

36.1%
52.5
11.4
100.0%

35.2%
54.2
10.6
100.0%

Other-Than-Temporary Impairments—Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities
As discussed in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” a portion of certain other-than-temporary impairment 
(“OTTI”)  losses  on  fixed  maturity  securities  is  recognized  in AOCI.  For  these  securities,  the  net  amount  recognized  in  the 
consolidated statements of income (“credit loss impairments”) represents the difference between the amortized cost of the security 
and the net present value of its projected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security 
prior to impairment. Any remaining difference between the fair value and amortized cost is recognized in AOCI. The following 
table sets forth the amount of pre-tax credit loss impairments on fixed maturity securities held by the Company as of the dates 
indicated, for which a portion of the OTTI loss was recognized in AOCI, and the corresponding changes in such amounts (dollars 
in thousands):

Balance, beginning of period
Additional impairments - credit loss OTTI recognized on securities previously
impaired
Credit loss impairments previously recognized on securities impaired to fair value
during the period
Credit loss previously recognized on securities which matured, paid down, prepaid or
were sold during the period
Balance, end of period

$

$

2017

2016

2015

6,013

$

7,284

$

7,284

—

(2,336)

—
3,677

$

231

—

(1,502)
6,013

$

—

—

—
7,284

Unrealized Losses for Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities Available-for-Sale
The following table presents the total gross unrealized losses for the 1,116 and 1,535 fixed maturity and equity securities at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, where the estimated fair value had declined and remained below amortized cost by 
the indicated amount (dollars in thousands):

 

2017

2016

 
Less than 20%
20% or more for less than six months
20% or more for six months or greater

Total

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

% of Total

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

$

$

113,466
689
2,838
116,993

97.0% $
0.6
2.4

100.0% $

337,831
19,438
17,588
374,857

% of Total

90.1%
5.2
4.7

100.0%

The Company’s determination of whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary includes analysis of the underlying credit 
and the extent and duration of a decline in value. The Company’s credit analysis of an investment includes determining whether 
the issuer is current on its contractual payments, evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be able to collect all 
amounts due according to the contractual terms of the security and analyzing the overall ability of the Company to recover the 
amortized cost of the investment.  In the Company’s impairment review process, the duration and severity of an unrealized loss 
position for equity securities are given greater weight and consideration given the lack of contractual cash flows or deferability 
features.

104

The following tables present the estimated fair values and gross unrealized losses, including other-than-temporary impairment 
losses reported in AOCI, for 1,116 and 1,535 fixed maturity and equity securities that have estimated fair values below amortized 
cost as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. These investments are presented by class and grade of security, as well as 
the length of time the related fair value has remained below amortized cost (dollars in thousands):

 

December 31, 2017:

Investment grade securities:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total investment grade securities

Below investment grade securities:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
Other foreign government

Total below investment grade
securities
Total fixed maturity securities
Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities

Total equity securities

 

December 31, 2016:

Investment grade securities:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total investment grade securities

Below investment grade securities:

Corporate
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
Other foreign government

Total below investment grade
securities
Total fixed maturity securities
Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities

Total equity securities

$

$
$

$

$

$
$

$

Less than 12 months

12 months or greater

Total

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

28,080
1,596
6,004
2,434
2,920
15,756
4,054
4,704
65,548

6,933
—
22
53
551

7,559
73,107
2,225
398
2,623

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

1,009,750
111,560
224,439
168,524
103,269
767,197
68,666
191,265
2,644,670

75,731
—
1,369
1,489
15,134

17,099
91
5,852
2,707
1,914
6,177
242
2,707
36,789

3,317
20
—
—
113

3,450
40,239
1
1,023
1,024

$

$
$

$

$

93,723
2,738,393
26,471
47,251
73,722

$
$

$

12 months or greater

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

549,273
—
112,216
257,166
10,853
—
13,635
51,097
994,240

163,152
412
12,581
—
39,763

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

43,282
—
3,635
9,653
166
—
3,068
2,981
62,785

41,605
12
1,465
—
2,327

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

1,886,212
18,688
566,699
434,274
220,401
800,298
43,510
369,717
4,339,799

194,879
1,995
—
—
28,600

225,474
4,565,273
82
5,820
5,902

$
$

$

Less than 12 months

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

124,444
3,541
9,733
12,010
6,858
63,044
9,396
13,372
242,398

7,914
—
700
735
1,258

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

4,661,706
101,578
490,473
563,259
368,465
1,056,101
187,194
524,236
7,953,012

330,757
—
5,904
5,815
32,355

374,831
8,327,843
10,831
202,068
212,899

$
$

$

$

$
$

$

$

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

2,895,962
130,248
791,138
602,798
323,670
1,567,495
112,176
560,982
6,984,469

270,610
1,995
1,369
1,489
43,734

319,197
7,303,666
26,553
53,071
79,624

$
$

$

Total

Estimated
Fair Value    

$

5,210,979
101,578
602,689
820,425
379,318
1,056,101
200,829
575,333
8,947,252

493,909
412
18,485
5,815
72,118

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

45,179
1,687
11,856
5,141
4,834
21,933
4,296
7,411
102,337

10,250
20
22
53
664

11,009
113,346
2,226
1,421
3,647

Gross

Unrealized

Losses

167,726
3,541
13,368
21,663
7,024
63,044
12,464
16,353
305,183

49,519
12
2,165
735
3,585

56,016
361,199
6,337
7,321
13,658

215,908
1,210,148
21,879
6,751
28,630

$
$

$

45,409
108,194
5,506
301
5,807

$
$

$

590,739
9,537,991
32,710
208,819
241,529

$
$

$

10,607
253,005
831
7,020
7,851
105

$
$

$

The Company has no intention to sell, nor does it expect to be required to sell, the securities outlined in the table above, as of the 
dates indicated.  However, unforeseen facts and circumstances may cause the Company to sell fixed maturity and equity securities 
in the ordinary course of managing its portfolio to meet certain diversification, credit quality and liquidity guidelines.

Unrealized losses on below investment grade securities as of December 31, 2017 are primarily related to high-yield corporate 
securities.  Changes in unrealized losses are primarily driven by changes in credit spreads and interest rates.

Investment Income, Net of Related Expenses
Major categories of investment income, net of related expenses consist of the following (dollars in thousands):

Fixed maturity securities
Mortgage loans on real estate
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents
Other
Investment income

Investment expense

Investment income, net of related expenses

2017

2016

2015

1,401,585
197,755
60,617
457,774
7,171
110,460
2,235,362
(80,711)
2,154,651

$

$

1,285,406
168,582
63,837
368,728
8,051
89,371
1,983,975
(72,089)
1,911,886

$

$

1,177,706
149,564
62,955
343,031
7,574
61,709
1,802,539
(68,044)
1,734,495

$

$

Investment Related Gains (Losses), Net
Investment related gains (losses), net, consist of the following (dollars in thousands):

Fixed maturity and equity securities:

Other-than-temporary impairment losses on fixed maturities
Portion of loss recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
Net other-than-temporary impairment losses on fixed maturity securities
recognized in earnings
Impairment losses on equity securities
Gain on investment activity
Loss on investment activity

Other impairment losses and change in mortgage loan provision
Derivatives and other, net
Total investment related gains (losses), net

$

$

$

2017

2016

2015

(42,639) $

—

(42,639) $
(1,202)
110,569
(41,679)
(9,497)
152,328
167,880

$

(38,805) $

74

(38,731) $

—
154,370
(49,965)
(11,006)
39,527
94,195

$

(57,380)
—

(57,380)
—
73,079
(71,893)
(6,953)
(101,603)
(164,750)

The other-than-temporary impairment losses on fixed maturity securities for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are primarily due to emerging 
market and high-yield debt exposures.  The fluctuations in investment related gains (losses) for derivatives and other are primarily 
due to changes in the fair value of embedded derivatives related to modified coinsurance and funds withheld treaties, as a result 
of changes in interest rates, driven primarily by credit spreads. 
At December 31, 2017 and 2016 the Company held non-income producing securities with amortized costs of $38.8 million and 
$35.4 million, and estimated fair values of $39.3 million and $47.3 million, respectively. Generally, securities are non-income 
producing when principal or interest is not paid primarily as a result of bankruptcies or credit defaults, but also include securities 
where amortization has been discontinued. During 2017, 2016 and 2015 the Company sold fixed maturity and equity securities 
with fair values of $2,727.8 million, $1,181.6 million, and $1,523.6 million, which were below amortized cost, at gross realized 
losses of $41.7 million, $50.0 million and $71.9 million, respectively. The Company generally does not engage in short-term 
buying and selling of securities.

106

Securities Borrowing, Lending and Repurchase Agreements

The following table includes the amount of borrowed securities, securities lent and securities collateral received as part of the 
securities lending program, repurchased/reverse repurchased securities pledged and received and cash received as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

Borrowed securities
Securities lending:
Securities loaned
Securities received

Repurchase program/reverse repurchase program:

Securities pledged
Securities received

2017

2016

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

Amortized

Cost

Estimated 
Fair Value

$

358,875

$

377,820

$

263,820

$

279,186

117,246
n/a

413,819
n/a

121,551
128,000

428,344
417,550

74,389
n/a

476,531
n/a

73,625
80,000

499,891
515,200

The Company also held cash collateral for securities lending and the repurchase program/reverse repurchase programs of $31.2 
million and $28.8 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  No cash or securities have been pledged by the Company 
for its securities borrowing program as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

The following tables present information on the Company’s securities lending and repurchase transactions as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively (dollars in thousands). Collateral associated with certain borrowed securities is not included within 
the tables as the collateral pledged to each counterparty is the right to reinsurance treaty cash flows.

December 31, 2017

Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements

Overnight and
Continuous

Up to 30 Days

30-90 Days

Greater than 90

Days

Total

Securities lending transaction:

Corporate

Total

Repurchase transactions:

Corporate
RMBS
U.S. government
Foreign government
Other
Total

Total transactions

$

$

— $
—

—
—
—
—
1,131
1,131
1,131

$

— $
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

Gross amount of recognized liabilities for securities lending and repurchase transactions in preceding table
Amounts related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure

— $
—

$

121,551
121,551

312
—
—
—
—
312
312

$

184,334
—
220,765
21,802
—
426,901
548,452

$

$
$

121,551
121,551

184,646
—
220,765
21,802
1,131
428,344
549,895

576,786
26,891

107

December 31, 2016

Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements

Overnight and
Continuous

Up to 30 Days

30-90 Days

Greater than 90

Days

Total

Securities lending transaction:

Corporate

Total

Repurchase transactions:

Corporate
RMBS
U.S. government
Foreign government
Other
Total

Total transactions

$

$

$

— $
—

— $
—
—
—
1,246
1,246
1,246

$

— $
—

— $
—
—
—
—
—
— $

4,017
4,017

3,220
—
—
—
—
3,220
7,237

$

$

$

Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase transactions in preceding table
Amounts related to agreements not included in offsetting disclosure

69,608
69,608

166,979
92,546
216,000
19,900
—
495,425
565,033

$

$

$

$
$

73,625
73,625

170,199
92,546
216,000
19,900
1,246
499,891
573,516

624,032
50,516

The Company has elected to offset amounts recognized as receivables and payables resulting from the repurchase/reverse repurchase 
programs.  After the effect of offsetting, the net amount presented on the consolidated balance sheets was a liability of $1.1 million
and $5.5 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized 
payables resulting from cash received as collateral associated with a repurchase agreement as discussed above.  Amounts owed 
to and due from the counterparties may be settled in cash or offset, in accordance with the agreements.

Mortgage Loans on Real Estate
Mortgage loans represented approximately 8.5% and 8.4% of the Company’s total investments as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. As  of  December 31,  2017,  mortgage  loans  were  geographically  dispersed  throughout  the  U.S.  with  the  largest 
concentrations in California (19.5%), Texas (8.4%) and Georgia (7.6%) and include loans secured by properties in Canada (2.3%).  
The recorded investment in mortgage loans on real estate presented below is gross of unamortized deferred loan origination fees 
and expenses, and valuation allowances.
The distribution of mortgage loans by property type is as follows as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 

 
Property type:

Office building
Retail
Industrial
Apartment
Other commercial
Recorded investment

Unamortized balance of loan origination fees and expenses
Valuation allowances

Total mortgage loans on real estate

2017

2016

Carrying Value

Percentage of

Total

Carrying Value

Percentage of

Total

$

$

1,487,392
1,270,676
938,612
510,052
206,439
4,413,171
(3,254)
(9,384)
4,400,533

33.6% $
28.8
21.3
11.6
4.7

100.0% $

$

1,270,113
1,179,936
713,461
447,088
172,609
3,783,207
—
(7,685)
3,775,522

33.6%
31.2
18.8
11.8
4.6

100.0%

The maturities of the mortgage loans as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands):

Due within five years
Due after five years through ten years
Due after ten years

Total

2017

2016

Recorded
Investment

% of Total

Recorded
Investment

% of Total

$

$

1,091,066
2,516,872
805,233
4,413,171

24.8% $
57.0
18.2
100.0% $

822,073
2,099,559
861,575
3,783,207

21.7%
55.5
22.8
100.0%

108

The following tables set forth certain key credit quality indicators of the Company’s recorded investment in mortgage loans as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

>1.20x

Debt Service Ratios

1.00x - 1.20x

Recorded Investment

<1.00x

Construction

loans

Total

% of Total

$

$

2,148,428
1,517,029
396,446
120,850
4,182,753

$

$

53,979
47,128
19,461
30,713
151,281

$

$

3,801
43,921
15,367
6,362
69,451

$

$

— $
—
—
9,686
9,686

$

2,206,208
1,608,078
431,274
167,611
4,413,171

50.0%
36.4
9.8
3.8

100.0%

Recorded Investment

Debt Service Ratios

>1.20x

1.00x - 1.20x

<1.00x

Total

% of Total

$

$

1,859,640
1,257,788
370,092
114,297
3,601,817

$

$

64,749
34,678
20,869
—
120,296

$

$

1,366
—
24,369
35,359
61,094

$

$

1,925,755
1,292,466
415,330
149,656
3,783,207

50.8%
34.2
11.0
4.0

100.0%

December 31, 2017:
Loan-to-Value Ratio

0% - 59.99%
60% - 69.99%
70% - 79.99%
Greater than 80%

Total

December 31, 2016:
Loan-to-Value Ratio

0% - 59.99%
60% - 69.99%
70% - 79.99%
Greater than 80%

Total

The age analysis of the Company’s past due recorded investments in mortgage loans as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars 
in thousands):

31-60 days past due
61-90 days past due

Total past due

Current

Total

2017

2016

$

$

17,100
2,056
19,156
4,394,015
4,413,171

$

$

—
—
—
3,783,207
3,783,207

The following table presents the recorded investment in mortgage loans, by method of measuring impairment, and the related 
valuation allowances, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
Mortgage loans:

Individually measured for impairment
Collectively measured for impairment

Recorded investment

Valuation allowances:

Individually measured for impairment
Collectively measured for impairment

Total valuation allowances

2017

2016

$

$

5,858
4,407,313
4,413,171

—
9,384
9,384

2,216
3,780,991
3,783,207

—
7,685
7,685

109

Information regarding the Company’s loan valuation allowances for mortgage loans as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are 
as follows (dollars in thousands):

Balance, beginning of period
Provision
Translation adjustment
Balance, end of period

2017

2016

2015

$

$

7,685
1,691
8
9,384

$

$

6,813
872
—
7,685

$

$

6,471
342
—
6,813

Information regarding the portion of the Company’s mortgage loans that were impaired as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 is as 
follows (dollars in thousands):

Unpaid Principal

Balance

Recorded
Investment

Related
Allowance

Carrying Value

December 31, 2017:
Impaired mortgage loans with no valuation allowance recorded
Impaired mortgage loans with valuation allowance recorded

Total impaired mortgage loans

December 31, 2016:
Impaired mortgage loans with no valuation allowance recorded
Impaired mortgage loans with valuation allowance recorded

Total impaired mortgage loans

$

$

$

$

6,427
—
6,427

2,758
—
2,758

$

$

$

$

5,858
—
5,858

2,216
—
2,216

$

$

$

$

— $
—
— $

— $
—
— $

5,858
—
5,858

2,216
—
2,216

The Company’s average investment balance of impaired mortgage loans and the related interest income are reflected in the table 
below for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):
 

 

 
Impaired mortgage loans with no valuation
allowance recorded
Impaired mortgage loans with valuation allowance
recorded

Total

2017

2016

2015

Average

Investment(1)

Interest
Income

Average

Investment(1)

Interest
Income

Average

Investment(1)

Interest
Income

$

$

3,621

—
3,621

$

$

186

—
186

$

$

2,249

—
2,249

$

$

142

—
142

$

$

6,033

11,592
17,625

$

$

330

770
1,100

(1)  Average recorded investment represents the average loan balances as of the beginning of period and all subsequent quarterly end of period balances.
The Company did not acquire any impaired mortgage loans during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Company 
had no mortgage loans that were on a nonaccrual status at December 31, 2017 and 2016.

Policy Loans
Policy loans comprised approximately 2.6% and 3.2% of the Company’s total investments as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively, the majority of which are associated with one client. These policy loans present no credit risk because the amount 
of the loan cannot exceed the obligation due to the ceding company upon the death of the insured or surrender of the underlying 
policy. The provisions of the treaties in force and the underlying policies determine the policy loan interest rates. The Company 
earns a spread between the interest rate earned on policy loans and the interest rate credited to corresponding liabilities.

Funds Withheld at Interest
Funds withheld at interest comprised approximately 11.8% and 13.1% of the Company’s total investments as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. Of the $6.1 billion funds withheld at interest balance, net of embedded derivatives, as of December 31, 
2017, $4.1 billion of the balance is associated with one client. For reinsurance agreements written on a modified coinsurance basis 
and certain agreements written on a coinsurance funds withheld basis, assets equal to the net statutory reserves are withheld and 
legally owned and managed by the ceding company and are reflected as funds withheld at interest on the Company’s consolidated 
balance sheets. In the event of a ceding company’s insolvency, the Company would need to assert a claim on the assets supporting 
its reserve liabilities. However, the risk of loss to the Company is mitigated by its ability to offset amounts it owes the ceding 
company for claims or allowances against amounts owed to the Company from the ceding company.
Other Invested Assets
Other invested assets include equity securities, limited partnership interests, joint ventures (other than operating joint ventures), 
derivative contracts, and FVO contractholder-directed unit-linked investments.  Other invested assets also include Federal Home 

110

Loan Bank of Des Moines (“FHLB”) common stock, equity release mortgages and structured loans, all of which are included in 
other in the table below.  Other invested assets represented approximately 3.1% and 3.6% of the Company’s total investments as 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Carrying values of these assets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows 
(dollars in thousands):

Equity securities
Limited partnerships and real estate joint ventures
Derivatives
FVO contractholder-directed unit-linked investments
Other

Total other invested assets

2017

100,152
781,124
137,613
218,541
368,054
1,605,484

$

$

2016

275,361
687,522
229,108
190,120
209,829
1,591,940

$

$

Note 5   DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
Derivatives, except for embedded derivatives and longevity and mortality swaps, are carried on the Company’s consolidated 
balance  sheets  in  other  invested  assets  or  other  liabilities, at  fair  value.  Longevity  and  mortality  swaps  are  included  on  the 
consolidated balance sheets in other assets or other liabilities, at fair value.  Embedded derivative assets and liabilities on modified 
coinsurance or funds withheld arrangements are included on the consolidated balance sheets with the host contract in funds withheld 
at interest, at fair value. Embedded derivative liabilities on indexed annuity and variable annuity products are included on the 
consolidated balance sheets with the host contract in interest-sensitive contract liabilities, at fair value.  The following table presents 
the notional amounts and gross fair value of derivative instruments prior to taking into account the netting effects of master netting 
agreements as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
 
 
Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:

December 31, 2017

December 31, 2016

Notional
Amount

Carrying Value/Fair Value
Assets
Liabilities

Notional
Amount

Carrying Value/Fair Value
Assets
Liabilities

$

Interest rate swaps
Financial futures
Foreign currency forwards
Consumer price index swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Longevity swaps
Mortality swaps
Synthetic guaranteed investment contracts
Embedded derivatives in:

Modified coinsurance or funds withheld
arrangements
Indexed annuity products
Variable annuity products
Total non-hedging derivatives

$

996,204
412,438
6,030
221,932
961,200
632,251
960,400
—
10,052,576

—
—
—
14,243,031

Derivatives designated as hedging
instruments:

Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forwards
Total hedging derivatives

Total derivatives

435,000
672,921
553,175
1,661,096
15,904,127

$

$

59,809
—
—
—
8,319
23,271
40,659
—
—

122,194
—
—
254,252

—
65,207
1,265
66,472
320,724

$

$

$

2,372
—
28
2,160
1,651
—
—
1,683
—

$

949,556
475,968
25,000
20,615
926,000
525,894
841,360
50,000
8,834,700

—
—
—
12,649,093

435,000
928,505
—
1,363,505
14,012,598

$

$

—
861,758
152,470
1,022,122

20,389
8,496
7,720
36,605
1,058,727

78,405
—
—
—
12,012
33,459
26,958
—
—

—
—
—
150,834

27,901
104,359
—
132,260
283,094

$

$

5,949
—
5,070
262
2,871
—
—
2,462
—

22,529
805,672
184,636
1,029,451

31,223
734
—
31,957
1,061,408

Netting Arrangements
Certain of the Company’s derivatives are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements and reported as a net asset or liability 
in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company nets all derivatives that are subject to such arrangements.
The Company has elected to include all derivatives, except embedded derivatives, in the tables below, irrespective of whether 
they are subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or a similar agreement. See Note 4 – “Investments” for information 
regarding the Company’s securities borrowing, lending, repurchase and repurchase/reverse repurchase programs. See “Embedded 
Derivatives” below for information regarding the Company’s bifurcated embedded derivatives.

111

The  following  table  provides  information  relating  to  the  Company’s  derivative  instruments  as  of  December 31,  2017  and 
December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 

December 31, 2017:

Derivative assets
Derivative liabilities
December 31, 2016:

Derivative assets
Derivative liabilities

 

Gross Amounts

Recognized

 
Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Balance Sheet

 

Net Amounts
Presented in the
Balance Sheet

Gross Amounts Not

Offset in the Balance Sheet

 

Financial 
Instruments(1)

Cash Collateral

Pledged/
Received

Net Amount

$

$

$

$

198,530
44,499

283,094
48,571

(20,258) $
(20,258)

(27,028) $
(27,028)

$

$

178,272
24,241

256,066
21,543

(862) $

(58,156)

(185,900) $
(22,221)

(16,913) $
(95,863)

(254,498) $

(1,441)

(8,490)
(56,136)

(15,345)
(75,761)

(1)   Includes initial margin posted to a central clearing partner.

Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. As discussed below under “Non-qualifying 
Derivatives  and  Derivatives  for  Purposes  Other  Than  Hedging,”  the  Company  uses  various  derivative  instruments  for  risk 
management purposes that either do not qualify or have not been qualified for hedge accounting treatment.  As of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, the Company held interest rate swaps that were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, 
for variable rate liabilities and foreign currency assets, foreign currency swaps and foreign currency forwards that were designated 
and qualified as hedges of a portion of its net investment in its foreign operations, foreign currency swaps that were designated 
and  qualified  as  fair  value  hedges  of  foreign  currency  risk,  and  derivative  instruments  that  were  not  designated  as  hedging 
instruments.  See Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” for a detailed discussion of the accounting treatment 
for derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives. Derivative instruments are carried at fair value and generally require 
an insignificant amount of cash at inception of the contracts.
Fair Value Hedges
The Company designates and reports certain foreign currency swaps to hedge the foreign currency fair value exposure of foreign 
currency denominated assets as fair value hedges when they meet the requirements of the general accounting principles for 
Derivatives and Hedging. The gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to a change in foreign currency and the offsetting gain 
or loss on the related foreign currency swaps as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were (dollars in thousands):

Type of Fair Value

Hedge

Hedged Item

For the Year Ended December 31, 2017:
Foreign currency swaps
For the Year Ended December 31, 2016:
Foreign currency swaps
For the Year Ended December 31, 2015:
Foreign currency swaps

Foreign-denominated fixed maturity securities

Foreign-denominated fixed maturity securities

Foreign-denominated fixed maturity securities

Gains (Losses)
Recognized for

Derivatives

Gains (Losses)
Recognized for
Hedged Items

$

$

$

9,456

$

(9,456) $

(1,700) $

1,700

$

4,008

$

(4,008) $

Ineffectiveness
Recognized in

Investment Related

Gains (Losses)

—

—

—

A regression analysis was used, both at inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, to determine whether each derivative used 
in a hedged transaction is highly effective in offsetting changes in the hedged item. For the foreign currency swaps, the change in 
fair value related to changes in the benchmark interest rate and credit spreads are excluded from the hedge effectiveness. For the 
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, $2.0 million, $0.4 million and $0.8 million, respectively, of the change in the 
estimated fair value of derivatives, was excluded from hedge effectiveness.

Cash Flow Hedges
Certain derivative instruments are designated as cash flow hedges when they meet the requirements of the general accounting 
principles for Derivatives and Hedging.  The Company designates and accounts for the following as cash flows: (i) certain interest 
rate swaps, in which the cash flows of liabilities are variable based on a benchmark rate; (ii) certain interest rate swaps, in which 
the cash flows of assets are denominated in different currencies, commonly referred to as cross-currency swaps; and (iii) forward 
bond purchase commitments.

112

The following table presents the components of AOCI, before income tax, and the consolidated income statement classification 
where the gain or loss is recognized related to cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars 
in thousands):

Amounts Included in AOCI

Balance December 31, 2014

Gains (losses) deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) on the effective portion of cash flow hedges
Amounts reclassified to investment related (gains) losses, net
Amounts reclassified to investment income

Balance December 31, 2015

Gains (losses) deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) on the effective portion of cash flow hedges
Amounts reclassified to investment related (gains) losses, net
Amounts reclassified to investment income

Balance December 31, 2016

Gains (losses) deferred in other comprehensive income (loss) on the effective portion of cash flow hedges
Amounts reclassified to investment related (gains) losses, net
Amounts reclassified to investment income
Amounts reclassified to interest expense

Balance December 31, 2017

$

$

(31,591)
2,676
87
(569)
(29,397)
27,110
278
(487)
(2,496)
6,316
(775)
(505)
79
2,619

As of December 31, 2017, the before-tax deferred net gains (losses) on derivative instruments recorded in AOCI that are expected 
to be reclassified to earnings during the next twelve months are approximately $0.7 million and $(0.8) million in investment 
income and interest expense, respectively. 
The following table presents the effective portion of derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated statements 
of income and the consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars 
in thousands):

Derivative Type

For the year ended December 31, 2017:
Interest rate
Currency/Interest rate
Forward bond purchase commitments
Total

For the year ended December 31, 2016:
Interest rate
Currency/Interest rate
Forward bond purchase commitments
Total

Effective Portion

Gains (Losses)
Deferred in OCI

Gains (Losses) Reclassified into Income from OCI

Investment Related

Gains (Losses)

Investment Income

Interest Expense

$

$

$

$

(5,649) $
11,955
10
6,316

$

27,901
(791)
—
27,110

$

$

— $
—
775
775

$

— $
—
(278)
(278) $

— $
380
125
505

$

— $
510
(23)
487

$

(79)
—
—
(79)

—
—
—
—

$

For the year ended December 31, 2015:
Currency/Interest rate
—
Forward bond purchase commitments
—
Total
—
All components of each derivative’s gain or loss were included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.  For the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the ineffective portion of derivatives reported as cash flow hedges was not material to the 
Company’s results of operations.  Also, there were no material amounts reclassified into earnings relating to instances in which 
the Company discontinued cash flow hedge accounting because the forecasted transaction did not occur by the anticipated date 
or within the additional time period permitted by the authoritative guidance for the accounting for derivatives and hedging.

(11,422) $
14,098
2,676

— $
(87)
(87) $

343
226
569

$

$

$

$

113

Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations
The Company uses foreign currency swaps and foreign currency forwards to hedge a portion of its net investment in certain foreign 
operations against adverse movements in exchange rates. The following table illustrates the Company’s net investments in foreign 
operations (“NIFO”) hedges for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):

 
 

Foreign currency swaps
Foreign currency forwards

Type of NIFO Hedge (1) (2)

Derivative Gains (Losses) Deferred in AOCI

2017

$

For the year ended

2016

(37,567) $
(10,386)

(10,234) $

—

2015

96,019
—

(1)  There were no sales or substantial liquidations of net investments in foreign operations that would have required the reclassification of gains or losses from 

accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into investment income during the periods presented.

(2)  There was no ineffectiveness recognized for the Company’s hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
The cumulative foreign currency translation gain recorded in AOCI related to these hedges was $113.7 million and $161.6 million
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. If a hedged foreign operation was sold or substantially liquidated, the amounts in 
AOCI would be reclassified to the consolidated statements of income. A pro rata portion would be reclassified upon partial sale 
of a hedged foreign operation.

Non-qualifying Derivatives and Derivatives for Purposes Other Than Hedging
The Company uses various other derivative instruments for risk management purposes that either do not qualify or have not been 
qualified for hedge accounting treatment. The gain or loss related to the change in fair value for these derivative instruments is 
recognized in investment related gains (losses), net in the consolidated statements of income, except where otherwise noted. 
A summary of the effect of non-hedging derivatives, including embedded derivatives, on the Company’s consolidated statements 
of income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (dollars in thousands):

  

Type of Non-hedging Derivative
Interest rate swaps
Interest rate options
Financial futures
Foreign currency forwards
Consumer price index swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Longevity swaps
Mortality swaps

Subtotal

Embedded derivatives in:

 

Income Statement 

Location of Gains (Losses)

Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenues
Other revenues

Modified coinsurance or funds withheld
arrangements
Indexed annuity products
Variable annuity products

Total non-hedging derivatives

Investment related gains (losses), net
Interest credited
Investment related gains (losses), net

Types of Derivatives Used by the Company

Gains (Losses) for the Years Ended  December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

11,278
—
(36,160)
591
(2,078)
18,118
(42,953)
9,358
(921)
(42,767)

144,723
(80,062)
32,166
54,060

$

$

7,649
—
(40,242)
1,630
(401)
18,100
(28,270)
13,095
(172)
(28,611)

54,169
10,708
7,835
44,101

$

20,358
3,275
319
(1,160)
(208)
(4,683)
(16,899)
8,228
(1,822)
7,408

(98,792)
19,440
(33,192)
(105,136)

Interest Rate Swaps
Interest rate swaps are used by the Company primarily to reduce market risks from changes in interest rates, to alter interest rate 
exposure arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities (duration mismatches) and to manage the risk of cash flows of 
liabilities that are variable based on a benchmark rate.  With an interest rate swap, the Company agrees with another party to 
exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between two rates, which can be either fixed-rate or floating-rate interest amounts, 
tied to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. These transactions are executed pursuant to master agreements that provide for 
a single net payment or individual gross payments at each due date.  The Company utilizes interest rate swaps in cash flow and 
non-qualifying hedging relationships.

114

Interest Rate Options
Interest rate options, commonly referred to as swaptions, have been used by the Company primarily to hedge living benefit 
guarantees embedded in certain variable annuity products. A swaption, used to hedge against adverse changes in interest rates, is 
an option to enter into a swap with a forward starting effective date. The Company pays an upfront premium for the right to exercise 
this option in the future.

Financial Futures
Exchange-traded equity futures are used primarily to economically hedge liabilities embedded in certain variable annuity products. 
With exchange-traded equity futures transactions, the Company agrees to purchase or sell a specified number of contracts, the 
value of which is determined by the relevant stock indices, and to post variation margin on a daily basis in an amount equal to the 
difference between the daily estimated fair values of those contracts. The Company enters into exchange-traded equity futures 
with regulated futures commission merchants that are members of the exchange.

Equity Options
Equity index options are used by the Company primarily to hedge minimum guarantees embedded in certain variable annuity 
products. To hedge against adverse changes in equity indices volatility, the Company buys put options. The contracts are net settled 
in cash based on differentials in the indices at the time of exercise and the strike price.  Equity warrants have also been used by 
the Company to economically hedge the variability in anticipated cash flows for the acquisition of investment securities.

Consumer Price Index Swaps
Consumer price index (“CPI”) swaps are used by the Company primarily to economically hedge liabilities embedded in certain 
insurance products where value is directly affected by changes in a designated benchmark consumer price index. With a CPI swap 
transaction, the Company agrees with another party to exchange the actual amount of inflation realized over a specified period of 
time for a fixed amount of inflation determined at inception. These transactions are executed pursuant to master agreements that 
provide for a single net payment or individual gross payments to be made by the counterparty at each due date. Most of these 
swaps will require a single payment to be made by one counterparty at the maturity date of the swap.

Foreign Currency Swaps
Foreign currency swaps are used by the Company to reduce the risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates associated 
with its assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. With a foreign currency swap transaction, the Company agrees 
with another party to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between one currency and another at a forward exchange rate 
calculated by reference to an agreed upon principal amount. The principal amount of each currency is exchanged at the termination 
of the currency swap by each party.  The Company uses foreign currency swaps in hedges of net investments in foreign operations, 
fair value hedges and non-qualifying hedge relationships.  

Foreign Currency Forwards
Foreign currency forwards are used by the Company to reduce the risk from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 
associated with its assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. With a foreign currency forward transaction, the 
Company agrees with another party to deliver a specified amount of an identified currency at a specified future date. The price is 
agreed upon at the time of the contract and payment for such a contract is made in a different currency at the specified future date. 
The Company uses  foreign currency forwards in  hedges of net investments in foreign operations and  non-qualifying hedge 
relationships.

Forward Bond Purchase Commitments
Forward bond purchase commitments are used by the Company to hedge against the variability in the anticipated cash flows 
required to purchase securities.  With forward bond purchase commitments, the forward price is agreed upon at the time of the 
contract and payment for such contract is made at the future specified settlement date of the securities. 

Credit Default Swaps
The Company sells protection under single name credit default swaps and credit default swap index tranches to diversify its credit 
risk exposure in certain portfolios and, in combination with purchasing securities, to replicate characteristics of similar investments 
based on the credit quality and term of the credit default swap. Credit default triggers for indexed reference entities and single 
name reference entities are defined in the contracts. The Company’s maximum exposure to credit loss equals the notional value 
for credit default swaps. In the event of default of a referencing entity, the Company is typically required to pay the protection 
holder the full notional value less a recovery amount determined at auction.

115

The following table presents the estimated fair value, maximum amount of future payments and weighted average years to maturity 
of credit default swaps sold by the Company at December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 

Rating Agency Designation of 
Referenced Credit Obligations(1)
AAA/AA+/AA/AA-/A+/A/A-
Single name credit default swaps

Subtotal

BBB+/BBB/BBB-
Single name credit default swaps
Credit default swaps referencing indices

Subtotal

BB+/BB/BB-
Single name credit default swaps

Subtotal

Total

2017
Maximum

Amount of Future
Payments under
Credit Default

Swaps(2)

Estimated Fair
Value of Credit
Default Swaps

Weighted
Average
Years to
Maturity(3)

Estimated Fair
Value of Credit
Default Swaps

2016
Maximum

Amount of Future
Payments under
Credit Default

Swaps(2)

Weighted
Average
Years to
Maturity(3)

$

$

$

3,128
3,128

4,469
(55)
4,414

30
30
7,572

$

162,000
162,000

361,700
422,600
784,300

5,000
5,000
951,300

2.9
2.9

2.9
4.0
3.5

1.5
1.5
3.4

$

$

$

1,726
1,726

1,426
6,295
7,721

(477)
(477)
8,970

$

150,500
150,500

347,200
416,000
763,200

9,000
9,000
922,700

3.8
3.8

3.7
5.0
4.4

3.5
3.5
4.3

(1)  The rating agency designations are based on ratings from Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”).
(2)  Assumes the value of the referenced credit obligations is zero.
(3)  The weighted average years to maturity of the credit default swaps is calculated based on weighted average notional amounts.
The Company also purchases credit default swaps to reduce its risk against a drop in bond prices due to credit concerns of certain 
bond issuers. If a credit event, as defined by the contract, occurs, the Company is able to put the bond back to the counterparty at 
par.
Longevity Swaps
The Company enters into longevity swaps in the form of out-of-the-money options, which provide protection against changes in 
mortality improvement to retirement plans and insurers of such plans. With a longevity swap transaction, the Company agrees 
with another party to exchange a proportion of a notional value.  The proportion is determined by the difference between a predefined 
benefit, and the realized benefit plus the future expected benefit, calculated by reference to a population index for a fixed premium. 
Mortality Swaps
Mortality swaps have been used by the Company to hedge risk from changes in mortality experience associated with its reinsurance 
of life insurance risk. The Company agrees with another party to exchange, at specified intervals, a proportion of a notional value 
determined by the difference between a predefined expected and realized claim amount on a designated index of reinsured lives, 
for a fixed percentage (premium) each term. The mortality swaps matured in 2017 and an accrued liability for amounts owed to 
the counterparty is recorded in other liabilities at December 31, 2017. 

Synthetic Guaranteed Investment Contracts
The Company sells fee-based synthetic guaranteed investment contracts to retirement plans which include investment-only, stable 
value contracts. The assets are owned by the trustees of such plans, who invest the assets under the terms of investment guidelines 
to which the Company agrees. The contracts contain a guarantee of a minimum rate of return on participant balances supported 
by the underlying assets, and a guarantee of liquidity to meet certain participant-initiated plan cash flow requirements. These 
contracts are reported as derivatives and recorded at fair value.

116

Embedded Derivatives
The Company has certain embedded derivatives which are required to be separated from their host contracts and reported as 
derivatives. Host contracts include reinsurance treaties structured on a modified coinsurance or funds withheld basis.  Additionally, 
the  Company  reinsures  equity-indexed  annuity  and  variable  annuity  contracts  with  benefits  that  are  considered  embedded 
derivatives, including guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits, and guaranteed 
minimum income benefits.  The changes in fair values of embedded derivatives on equity-indexed annuities described below relate 
to changes in the fair value associated with capital market and other related assumptions.  The Company’s utilization of a credit 
valuation adjustment did not have a material effect on the change in fair value of its embedded derivatives for the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.  The related gains (losses) and the effect on net income after amortization of DAC and income 
taxes for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are reflected in the following table (dollars in thousands):

Embedded derivatives in modified coinsurance or funds withheld arrangements included in
investment related gains
After the associated amortization of DAC and taxes, the related amounts included in net income
Embedded derivatives in variable annuity contracts included in investment related gains
After the associated amortization of DAC and taxes, the related amounts included in net income
Amounts related to embedded derivatives in equity-indexed annuities included in benefits and
expenses
After the associated amortization of DAC and taxes, the related amounts included in net income

$

2017

2016

2015

$

144,723
48,316
32,166
53,645

(80,062)
(68,808)

$

54,169
9,160
7,835
(41,201)

10,708
(4,148)

98,792
(26,025)
(33,192)
(29,008)

19,440
6,204

Credit Risk
The  Company  manages  its  credit  risk  related  to  over-the-counter  (“OTC”)  derivatives  by  entering  into  transactions  with 
creditworthy counterparties, maintaining collateral arrangements and through the use of master netting agreements that provide 
for a single net payment to be made by one counterparty to another at each due date and upon termination. 
The credit exposure of the Company’s OTC derivative transactions is represented by the contracts with a positive fair value (market 
value) at the reporting date. To reduce credit exposures, the Company seeks to (i) enter into OTC derivative transactions pursuant 
to master netting agreements that provide for a netting of payments and receipts with a single counterparty and (ii) enter into 
agreements that allow the use of credit support annexes, which are bilateral rating-sensitive agreements that require collateral 
postings at established threshold levels. Certain of the Company’s OTC derivatives are cleared derivatives, which are bilateral 
transactions between the Company and a counterparty where the transactions are cleared through a clearinghouse, such that each 
derivative counterparty is only exposed to the default of the clearinghouse. These cleared transactions require initial and daily 
variation margin collateral postings and include certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps entered into on or after June 
10, 2013, related to guidelines implemented under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. In 2017, 
the Company followed the Chicago Mercantile Exchange amended rulebook to legally characterize variation margin payments 
as settlements of the derivative’s mark-to-market exposure and not collateral. Also, the Company enters into exchange-traded 
futures through regulated exchanges and these transactions are settled on a daily basis, thereby reducing credit risk exposure in 
the event of non-performance by counterparties to such financial instruments.
The Company enters into various collateral arrangements, which require both the posting and accepting of collateral in connection 
with its derivative instruments. Collateral agreements contain attachment thresholds that may vary depending on the posting party’s 
ratings. Additionally, a decline in the Company’s or the counterparty’s credit ratings to specified levels could result in potential 
settlement of the derivative positions under the Company’s agreements with its counterparties. The Company also has exchange-
traded futures, which require the maintenance of a margin account. As exchange-traded futures are affected through regulated 
exchanges, and positions are marked to market on a daily basis, the Company has minimal exposure to credit-related losses in the 
event of nonperformance by counterparties. 

117

The Company’s credit exposure related to derivative contracts is generally limited to the fair value at the reporting date plus or 
minus any collateral posted or held by the Company. Information regarding the Company’s credit exposure related to its over-the-
counter derivative contracts, centrally cleared derivative contracts and margin account for exchange-traded futures at December 31, 
2017 and 2016 is reflected in the following table (dollars in thousands):

Estimated fair value of derivatives in net asset position

Cash provided as collateral(1)
Securities pledged to counterparties as collateral(2)
Cash pledged from counterparties as collateral(3)
Securities pledged from counterparties as collateral(4)
Initial margin for cleared derivatives

Net amount after application of master netting agreements and collateral
Margin account related to exchange-traded futures(5)
(1)  Consists of receivable from counterparty, included in other assets.
(2) 
(3) 
(4)  Consists of U.S. Treasury and government agency securities.
(5) 

Included in other assets.

Included in available-for-sale securities, primarily consists of U.S. Treasury and government agency securities.
Included in cash and cash equivalents, with obligation to return cash collateral recorded in other liabilities.

2017

2016

$

$
$

$

155,714
22,221
58,156
(185,900)
(862)
(58,156)
(8,827) $
6,538
$

236,985
1,441
95,863
(254,498)
(16,913)
(73,571)
(10,693)
9,687

Note 6     FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Fair Value Measurement
General accounting principles for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures define fair value as the exchange price that would 
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. These principles also establish a fair value 
hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when 
measuring fair value and describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Active markets are defined as having the 
following characteristics for the measured asset/liability: (i) many transactions, (ii) current prices, (iii) price quotes not varying 
substantially among market makers, (iv) narrow bid/ask spreads and (v) most information publicly available. The Company’s 
Level 1 assets and liabilities are traded in active exchange markets.

Level 2 - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets 
that are not active; or market standard valuation techniques and assumptions that use significant inputs that are observable or can 
be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Such observable inputs include 
benchmarking prices for similar assets in active, liquid markets, quoted prices in markets that are not active and observable yields 
and spreads in the market. The Company’s Level 2 assets and liabilities include investment securities with quoted prices that are 
traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts whose values are determined using market standard 
valuation techniques. Level 2 valuations are generally obtained from third party pricing services for identical or comparable assets 
or liabilities or through the use of valuation methodologies using observable market inputs. Prices from servicers are validated 
through analytical reviews and assessment of current market activity.

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the 
related assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose value is determined using market standard valuation 
techniques described above. When observable inputs are not available, the market standard techniques for determining the estimated 
fair value of certain securities that trade infrequently, and therefore have little transparency, rely on inputs that are significant to 
the estimated fair value and that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable 
market data. These unobservable inputs can be based in large part on management judgment or estimation and cannot be supported 
by reference to market activity. Even though unobservable, management believes these inputs are based on assumptions deemed 
appropriate given the circumstances and consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing similar assets and 
liabilities. Prices are determined using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow models and other similar techniques 
that require management’s judgment or estimation in developing inputs that are consistent with those other market participants 
would  use  when  pricing  similar  assets  and  liabilities.  Non-binding  broker  quotes,  which  are  utilized  when  pricing  service 
information is not available, are reviewed for reasonableness based on the Company’s understanding of the market, and are 
generally considered Level 3. Under certain circumstances, based on its observations of transactions in active markets, the Company 
may conclude the prices received from independent third party pricing services or brokers are not reasonable or reflective of market 
activity. In those instances, the Company would apply internally developed valuation techniques to the related assets or liabilities. 

118

Additionally, the Company’s embedded derivatives, all of which are associated with reinsurance treaties, and longevity and 
mortality swaps are classified in Level 3 since their values include significant unobservable inputs.
When inputs used to measure the fair value of an asset or liability fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within 
which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement 
in its entirety, except for fair value measurements using NAV. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs 
that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, gains and losses for such assets and liabilities categorized 
within Level 3 may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable 
inputs (Level 3).
Assets and Liabilities by Hierarchy Level
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 are summarized 
below (dollars in thousands):

December 31, 2017:
 
Assets:

Fixed maturity securities – available-for-sale:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total fixed maturity securities – available-for-sale

Funds withheld at interest – embedded derivatives
Cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Other invested assets:

Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities
Derivatives:

Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency forwards
CPI swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Foreign currency swaps

FVO contractholder-directed unit-linked investments

Total other invested assets
Other assets - longevity swaps
Total
Liabilities:

Interest sensitive contract liabilities – embedded derivatives
Other liabilities:
Derivatives:

Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency forwards
CPI swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Foreign currency swaps
Mortality swaps

Total

 

$

$

$

$

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Fair Value Measurements Using:

— $
—
—
—
—
1,818,006
—
—
1,818,006
—
354,071
—

39,806
60,346

—
—
—
—
—
—
217,618
317,770
—
2,489,847

$

21,873,696
3,626,134
1,611,998
1,524,888
1,300,153
103,075
662,225
3,396,035
34,098,204
—
2,717
47,650

—
—

51,359
730
(221)
5,908
16,932
62,905
923
138,536
—
34,287,107

$

$

1,337,272
593,942
107,882
123,474
3,234
22,511
41,203
5,092
2,234,610
122,194
—
3,096

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
40,659
2,400,559

— $

— $

1,014,228

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

14,311
7,213
1,939
(760)
(6,339)
6,194
—
22,558

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
1,683
1,015,911

23,210,968
4,220,076
1,719,880
1,648,362
1,303,387
1,943,592
703,428
3,401,127
38,150,820
122,194
356,788
50,746

39,806
60,346

51,359
730
(221)
5,908
16,932
62,905
218,541
456,306
40,659
39,177,513

1,014,228

14,311
7,213
1,939
(760)
(6,339)
6,194
1,683
1,038,469

$

$

$

$

119

December 31, 2016:
 
Assets:

Fixed maturity securities – available-for-sale:

Corporate
Canadian government
RMBS
ABS
CMBS
U.S. government
State and political subdivisions
Other foreign government

Total fixed maturity securities – available-for-sale

Funds withheld at interest – embedded derivatives
Cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Other invested assets:

Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities
Derivatives:

Interest rate swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Foreign currency swaps

FVO contractholder-directed unit-linked investments
Other

Total other invested assets
Other assets - longevity swaps
Total
Liabilities:

Interest sensitive contract liabilities – embedded derivatives
Other liabilities:
Derivatives:

Interest rate swaps
Foreign currency forwards
CPI swaps
Credit default swaps
Equity options
Foreign currency swaps
Mortality swaps

Total

 

$

$

$

$

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Fair Value Measurements Using:

19,619,084
3,644,046
1,278,576
1,429,344
1,363,654
1,468,302
591,796
2,698,823
32,093,625
(22,529)
338,601
44,241

51,123
224,238

93,508
9,136
26,070
100,394
190,120
11,036
705,625
26,958
33,186,521

990,308

24,374
5,070
262
(5)
(7,389)
(3,231)
2,462
1,011,851

$

$

$

$

310,995
—
—
—
—
1,345,755
—
276,729
1,933,479
—
338,601
8,276

38,317
224,238

—
—
—
—
188,891
11,036
462,482
—
2,742,838

$

$

18,035,836
3,168,081
1,118,285
1,210,064
1,342,509
98,059
550,130
2,409,225
27,932,189
—
—
32,619

12,806
—

93,508
9,136
26,070
100,394
1,229
—
243,143
—
28,207,951

$

$

1,272,253
475,965
160,291
219,280
21,145
24,488
41,666
12,869
2,227,957
(22,529)
—
3,346

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
26,958
2,235,732

— $

— $

990,308

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
— $

24,374
5,070
262
(5)
(7,389)
(3,231)
—
19,081

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
2,462
992,770

The Company may utilize information from third parties, such as pricing services and brokers, to assist in determining the fair 
value for certain assets and liabilities; however, management is ultimately responsible for all fair values presented in the Company’s 
financial statements. This includes responsibility for monitoring the fair value process, ensuring objective and reliable valuation 
practices and pricing of assets and liabilities, and approving changes to valuation methodologies and pricing sources. The selection 
of the valuation technique(s) to apply considers the definition of an exit price and the nature of the asset or liability being valued 
and significant expertise and judgment is required.
The Company performs initial and ongoing analysis and review of the various techniques utilized in determining fair value to 
ensure that they are appropriate and consistently applied, and that the various assumptions are reasonable. The Company analyzes 
and reviews the information and prices received from third parties to ensure that the prices represent a reasonable estimate of the 
fair value and to monitor controls around pricing, which includes quantitative and qualitative analysis and is overseen by the 
Company’s investment and accounting personnel. Examples of procedures performed include, but are not limited to, review of 
pricing trends, comparison of a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparison of fair value 
estimates to management’s knowledge of the current market, and ongoing confirmation that third party pricing services use, 
wherever possible, market-based parameters for valuation. In addition, the Company utilizes both internal and external cash flow 
models to analyze the reasonableness of fair values utilizing credit spread and other market assumptions, where appropriate. As 
a result of the analysis, if the Company determines there is a more appropriate fair value based upon the available market data, 

120

the price received from the third party is adjusted accordingly. The Company also determines if the inputs used in estimated fair 
values received from pricing services are observable by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market 
data.
For assets and liabilities reported at fair value, the Company utilizes when available, fair values based on quoted prices in active 
markets that are regularly and readily obtainable. Generally, these are very liquid investments and the valuation does not require 
management judgment. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, fair value is based on market valuation techniques, 
market comparable pricing and the income approach. The use of different techniques, assumptions and inputs may have a material 
effect on the estimated fair values of the Company’s securities holdings. For the periods presented, the application of market 
standard valuation techniques applied to similar assets and liabilities has been consistent.
The methods and assumptions the Company uses to estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a 
recurring basis are summarized below.
Fixed Maturity Securities – The fair values of the Company’s publicly-traded fixed maturity securities are generally based on 
prices obtained from independent pricing services. Prices from pricing services are sourced from multiple vendors, and a vendor 
hierarchy is maintained by asset type based on historical pricing experience and vendor expertise. The Company generally receives 
prices from multiple pricing services for each security, but ultimately uses the price from the vendor that is highest in the hierarchy 
for the respective asset type. To validate reasonableness, prices are periodically reviewed as explained above. Consistent with the 
fair value hierarchy described above, securities with quotes from pricing services are generally reflected within Level 2, as they 
are primarily based on observable pricing for similar assets and/or other market observable inputs. If the pricing information 
received from third party pricing services is not reflective of market activity or other inputs observable in the market, the Company 
may challenge the price through a formal process with the pricing service.
If the Company ultimately concludes that pricing information received from the independent pricing service is not reflective of 
fair value, non-binding broker quotes are used, if available. If the Company concludes that the values from both pricing services 
and brokers are not reflective of fair value an internally developed valuation may be prepared; however, this occurs infrequently. 
Internally developed valuations or non-binding broker quotes are also used to determine fair value in circumstances where vendor 
pricing is not available. These valuations may use significant unobservable inputs, which reflect the Company’s assumptions about 
the  inputs  that  market  participants  would  use  in  pricing  the  asset.  Observable  market  data  may  not  be  available  in  certain 
circumstances such as market illiquidity and credit events related to the security. Pricing service overrides, internally developed 
valuations and non-binding broker quotes are generally based on significant unobservable inputs and are reflected as Level 3 in 
the valuation hierarchy.
The inputs used in the valuation of corporate and government securities include, but are not limited to standard market observable 
inputs which are derived from, or corroborated by, market observable data including market yield curve, duration, call provisions, 
observable prices and spreads for similar publicly traded or privately traded issues that incorporate the credit quality and industry 
sector of the issuer. For structured securities, valuation is based primarily on matrix pricing or other similar techniques using 
standard market inputs including spreads for actively traded securities, spreads off benchmark yields, expected prepayment speeds 
and volumes, current and forecasted loss severity, rating, weighted average coupon, weighted average maturity, average delinquency 
rates, geographic region, debt-service coverage ratios and issuance-specific information including, but not limited to: collateral 
type, payment terms of the underlying assets, payment priority within the tranche, structure of the security, deal performance and 
vintage of loans.
When observable inputs are not available, the market standard valuation techniques for determining the estimated fair value of 
certain types of securities that trade infrequently, and therefore have little or no price transparency, rely on inputs that are significant 
to the estimated fair value that are not observable in the market or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable 
market data. These unobservable inputs can be based in large part on management judgment or estimation, and cannot be supported 
by reference to market activity. Even though unobservable, these inputs are based on assumptions deemed appropriate given the 
circumstances and are believed to be consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such securities.
The fair values of private placement securities are primarily determined using a discounted cash flow model. In certain cases these 
models primarily use observable inputs with a discount rate based upon the average of spread surveys collected from private 
market intermediaries who are active in both primary and secondary transactions, taking into account, among other factors, the 
credit quality and industry sector of the issuer and the reduced liquidity associated with private placements. Generally, these 
securities have been reflected within Level 3. For certain private fixed maturities, the discounted cash flow model may also 
incorporate significant unobservable inputs, which reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs market participants 
would use in pricing the security. To the extent management determines that such unobservable inputs are not significant to the 
price of a security, a Level 2 classification is made. Otherwise, a Level 3 classification is used.
Embedded Derivatives – The fair value of embedded derivative liabilities, including those calculated by third parties, are monitored 
through the use of attribution reports to quantify the effect of underlying sources of fair value change, including capital market 
inputs based on policyholder account values, interest rates and short-term and long-term implied volatilities, from period to period. 

121

Actuarial assumptions are based on experience studies performed internally in combination with available industry information 
and are reviewed on a periodic basis, at least annually.
For embedded derivative liabilities associated with the underlying products in reinsurance treaties, primarily equity-indexed and 
variable annuity treaties, the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow model, which includes an estimate of future equity option 
purchases and an adjustment for a CVA. The variable annuity embedded derivative calculations are performed by third parties 
based on methodology and input assumptions provided by the Company. To validate the reasonableness of the resulting fair value, 
the Company’s internal actuaries perform reviews and analytical procedures on the results. The capital market inputs to the model, 
such as equity indexes, short-term equity volatility and interest rates, are generally observable. The valuation also requires certain 
significant inputs, which are generally not observable and accordingly, the valuation is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, 
see “Level 3 Measurements and Transfers” below for a description.
The fair value of embedded derivatives associated with funds withheld reinsurance treaties is determined based upon a total return 
swap technique with reference to the fair value of the investments held by the ceding company that support the Company’s funds 
withheld at interest asset with an adjustment for a CVA. The fair value of the underlying assets is generally based on market 
observable inputs using industry standard valuation techniques. The valuation also requires certain significant inputs, which are 
generally not observable and accordingly, the valuation is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, see “Level 3 Measurements 
and Transfers” below for a description.
Credit Valuation Adjustment – The Company uses a structural default risk model to estimate a CVA. The input assumptions are a 
combination of externally derived and published values (default threshold and uncertainty), market inputs (interest rate, equity 
price per share, debt per share, equity price volatility) and insurance industry data (Loss Given Default), adjusted for market 
recoverability.
Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments – Cash equivalents and short-term investments include money market instruments, 
commercial paper and other highly liquid debt instruments. Money market instruments are generally valued using unadjusted 
quoted prices in active markets that are accessible for identical assets and are primarily classified as Level 1. The fair value of 
certain other cash equivalents and short-term investments, such as bonds with original maturities less than twelve months, are 
based upon other market observable data and are typically classified as Level 2. However, certain short-term investments may 
incorporate significant unobservable inputs resulting in a Level 3 classification. Various time deposits, certificates of deposit and 
sweeps carried as cash equivalents or short-term investments are not measured at estimated fair value and therefore are excluded 
from the tables presented.
Equity Securities – Equity securities consist principally of exchange-traded funds and preferred stock of publicly and privately 
traded companies. The fair values of publicly traded equity securities are primarily based on quoted market prices in active markets 
and are classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of preferred equity securities, for which quoted market 
prices are not readily available, are based on prices obtained from independent pricing services and these securities are generally 
classified within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  Non-binding broker quotes for equity securities are generally based on 
significant unobservable inputs and are reflected as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
FVO Contractholder-Directed Unit-Linked Investments – FVO contractholder-directed investments supporting unit-linked variable 
annuity type liabilities primarily consist of exchange-traded funds and, to a lesser extent, fixed maturity securities and cash and 
cash equivalents.  The fair values of the exchange-traded securities are primarily based on quoted market prices in active markets 
and are classified within Level 1 of the hierarchy.  The fair value of the fixed maturity contractholder-directed securities is determined 
on a basis consistent with the methodologies described above for fixed maturity securities and are classified within Level 2 of the 
hierarchy.
Derivative Assets and Derivative Liabilities – All of the derivative instruments utilized by the Company, except for longevity and 
mortality swaps, are classified within Level 2 on the fair value hierarchy. These derivatives are principally valued using an income 
approach. Valuations of interest rate contracts are based on present value techniques, which utilize significant inputs that may 
include the swap yield curve, London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) basis curves, and repurchase rates. Valuations of foreign 
currency contracts are based on present value techniques, which utilize significant inputs that may include the swap yield curve, 
LIBOR basis curves, currency spot rates, and cross currency basis curves. Valuations of credit contracts, are based on present 
value techniques, which utilize significant inputs that may include the swap yield curve, credit curves, and recovery rates. Valuations 
of equity market contracts, are based on present value techniques, which utilize significant inputs that may include the swap yield 
curve, spot equity index levels, and dividend yield curves. Valuations of equity market contracts, option-based, are based on option 
pricing models, which utilize significant inputs that may include the swap yield curve, spot equity index levels, dividend yield 
curves, and equity volatility. The Company does not currently have derivatives, except for longevity and mortality swaps, included 
in Level 3 measurement.

Longevity and Mortality Swaps – The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow model to estimate the fair value of longevity and 
mortality swaps. The fair value of these swaps includes an accrual for premiums payable and receivable. Some inputs to the 
valuation model are generally observable, such as interest rates and actual population mortality experience. The valuation also 

122

requires significant inputs that are generally not observable and, accordingly, the valuation is considered Level 3 in the fair value 
hierarchy.

Level 3 Measurements and Transfers
As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, the Company classified approximately 5.9% and 6.9% of its fixed 
maturity securities in the Level 3 category. These securities primarily consist of private placement corporate securities, bank loans, 
Canadian provincial strips, below investment grade mortgage-backed securities and subprime asset-backed securities with inactive 
trading markets.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company’s corporate, sovereign, government-
backed, and other political subdivision investments are probability of default, liquidity premium and subordination premium. 
Significant increases (decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value 
measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar 
change in the assumptions used for the liquidity premium and subordination premium. For securities with a fair value derived 
using the market comparable pricing valuation technique, liquidity premium is the only significant unobservable input.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company’s asset and mortgage-backed securities 
are prepayment rates, probability of default, liquidity premium and loss severity in the event of default. Significant increases 
(decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Generally, a 
change in the assumption used for the probability of default is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption 
used for the liquidity premium and loss severity and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for prepayment rates.
The actuarial assumptions used in the fair value of embedded derivatives which include assumptions related to lapses, withdrawals, 
and mortality, are based on experience studies performed by the Company in combination with available industry information and 
are reviewed on a periodic basis, at least annually. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of 
embedded derivatives are assumptions associated with policyholder experience and selected capital market assumptions for equity-
indexed  and  variable  annuities.  The  selected  capital  market  assumptions,  which  include  long-term  implied  volatilities,  are 
projections based on short-term historical information. Changes in interest rates, equity indices, equity volatility, CVA, and actuarial 
assumptions regarding policyholder experience may result in significant fluctuations in the value of embedded derivatives.
Fair value measurements associated with funds withheld reinsurance treaties are generally not materially sensitive to changes in 
unobservable inputs associated with policyholder experience. The primary drivers of change in these fair values are related to 
movements of credit spreads, which are generally observable. Increases (decreases) in market credit spreads tend to decrease 
(increase) the fair value of embedded derivatives. Increases (decreases) in the CVA assumption tend to decrease (increase) the 
magnitude of the fair value of embedded derivatives.
Fair value measurements associated with variable annuity treaties are sensitive to both capital markets inputs and policyholder 
experience inputs. Increases (decreases) in lapse rates tend to decrease (increase) the value of the embedded derivatives associated 
with variable annuity treaties. Increases (decreases) in the long-term volatility assumption tend to increase (decrease) the fair value 
of embedded derivatives. Increases (decreases) in the CVA assumption tend to decrease (increase) the magnitude of the fair value 
of embedded derivatives.
The actuarial assumptions used in the fair value of longevity and mortality swaps include assumptions related to the level and 
volatility of mortality. The assumptions are based on studies performed by the Company in combination with available industry 
information and are reviewed on a periodic basis, at least annually.

123

The following table presents quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements 
that are developed internally by the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
Assets:

Corporate

U.S. government

State and political subdivisions

Funds withheld at interest-
embedded derivatives

Fair Value

2017

2016

$

173,579

$

167,815

22,511

4,616

24,488

4,670

Valuation
Technique

Market comparable 
securities
Market comparable 
securities
Market comparable 
securities

122,194

(22,529) Total return swap

Longevity swaps

40,659

26,958 Discounted cash flow

Liabilities:

Interest sensitive contract
liabilities- embedded
derivatives- indexed annuities

861,758

805,672 Discounted cash flow

Interest sensitive contract
liabilities- embedded
derivatives- variable annuities

152,470

184,636 Discounted cash flow

Mortality swaps

1,683

2,462 Discounted cash flow

Unobservable

Input

Range (Weighted Average)
2016
2017

Liquidity premium

0-2%  (1%)

0-2%  (1%)

Liquidity premium

0-1%  (1%)

0-1%  (1%)

Liquidity premium

1%

1%

Mortality
Lapse
Withdrawal
CVA
Crediting rate
Mortality
Mortality
improvement

Mortality
Lapse
Withdrawal
Option budget
projection

0-100%  (2%)
0-35%  (9%)
0-5%  (3%)
0-5%  (1%)
2-4%  (2%)
0-100%  (2%)

0-100%  (2%)
0-35%  (8%)
0-5%  (3%)
0-5%  (1%)
2-4%  (2%)
0-100%  (2%)

(10%)-10%  (3%)

(10%)-10%  (3%)

0-100% (2%)
0-35% (9%)
0-5% (3%)

0-100% (2%)
0-35% (8%)
0-5% (3%)

2-4% (2%)

2-4% (2%)

Mortality
Lapse
Withdrawal
CVA
Long-term volatility
Mortality

0-100% (1%)
0-25% (5%)
0-7% (3%)
0-5% (1%)
0-27% (8%)
0-100%  (1%)

0-100% (2%)
0-25% (6%)
0-7% (3%)
0-5% (1%)
0-27% (14%)
0-100%  (1%)

The Company recognizes transfers of assets and liabilities into and out of levels within the fair value hierarchy at the beginning 
of the quarter in which the actual event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer occurs. Transfers between Levels 1 
and 2 are made to reflect changes in observability of inputs and market activity. There were no transfers between Level 1 and 
Level 2 for year ended December 31, 2016.  The transfers from level 1 to level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2017 were 
due to the Company refining its process related to the observability of inputs and market activity.  The following tables present 
the transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2017 (dollars in thousands):

 

  
Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale:

Corporate
Other foreign government

2017

Transfers from

Level 1 to
Level 2

Transfers from

Level 2 to
Level 1

$

$

596,809
317,640

88,674
—

Assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3 are due to a lack of observable market transactions and price information. Certain 
transfers into Level 3 were also due to ratings downgrades on mortgage-backed securities that previously had investment-grade 
ratings. Assets  and  liabilities  are  transferred  out  of  Level 3  when  circumstances  change  such  that  significant  inputs  can  be 
corroborated with market observable data. This may be due to a significant increase in market activity for the asset or liability, a 
specific event, or one or more significant input(s) becoming observable. Transfers out of Level 3 were primarily the result of the 
Company obtaining observable pricing information or a third party pricing quotation that appropriately reflects the fair value of 
those assets and liabilities. In addition, certain transfers out of Level 3 were also due to ratings upgrades on mortgage-backed 
securities that previously had below investment-grade ratings.

124

The reconciliations for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs 
(Level 3) are as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2017:

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

Corporate

Canadian
government

RMBS

ABS

$

1,272,253

$

475,965

$

160,291

$

219,280

(1,429)
4,991
(6,719)
408,995
(89,248)
(285,958)
47,360
(12,973)
1,337,272

$

13,180
—
104,797
—
—
—
—
—
593,942

(1,457) $
(5,389)

13,180
—

$

$

$

$

(346)
729
2,341
76,792
(28,043)
(18,988)
9,100
(93,994)
107,882

$

1,776
245
7,044
45,215
—
(87,328)
85,152
(147,910)
123,474

(196) $
(346)

669
—

For the year ended December 31, 2017 (continued):

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses

CMBS

$

21,145

$

U.S.

government
24,488

State

and political
subdivisions
41,666
$

Other foreign
government
12,869

$

Short-term
investments
3,346

$

709
(595)
(71)
—
(3,720)
(5,404)
1,302
(10,132)
3,234

$

(461)
—
19
465
—
(2,000)
—
—
22,511

$

(55)
—
(15)
—
—
(843)
7,294
(6,844)
41,203

$

(1)
—
(252)
496
—
(672)
—
(7,348)
5,092

$

—
—
11
3,703
—
(335)
—
(3,629)
3,096

— $

(461) $

(54) $

(1) $

—

$

$

125

For the year ended December 31, 2017 (continued):
 

Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Interest credited

Included in other comprehensive income
Other revenue

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)

Fair value, end of period
Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period relating to those
Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenue
Interest credited

For the year ended December 31, 2016:

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net

Funds 

withheld at 
interest-
embedded 
derivatives

Other assets -

longevity

swaps

Interest 
sensitive
contract 
liabilities
embedded
derivatives

Other

liabilities -
mortality
swaps

$

(22,529) $

26,958

$

(990,308) $

(2,462)

144,723
—
—
—
—
—
—
122,194

144,723
—
—

$

$

$

$

—
—
4,343
9,358
—
—
—
40,659

32,166
(80,062)
—
—
(55,237)
—
79,213

$

(1,014,228) $

— $

9,358
—

$

23,472
—
(159,276)

—
—
—
(921)
—
—
1,700
(1,683)

—
(921)
—

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

Corporate

Canadian
government

RMBS

ABS

$

1,226,970

$

416,076

$

330,649

$

303,836

(2,399)
(4,756)
10,022
312,720
(60,399)
(195,016)
14,098
(28,987)
1,272,253

$

12,197
—
47,692
—
—
—
—
—
475,965

(2,343) $

(817)

12,197
—

$

$

$

$

(595)
(2,153)
(1,621)
103,553
(167,684)
(38,495)
1,728
(65,091)
160,291

$

801
1,101
(2,696)
138,522
(38,681)
(61,770)
56,105
(177,938)
219,280

(158) $
(231)

734
—

126

For the year ended December 31, 2016 (continued):

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2016 (continued):
 

CMBS

$

68,563

$

U.S.

government
26,265

State

and political
subdivisions
38,342
$

Other foreign
government
14,065

$

Short-term
investments
—

$

1,677
(876)
(5,887)
1,545
(41,143)
(552)
—
(2,182)
21,145

$

(487)
—
39
508
—
(1,837)
—
—
24,488

$

215
—
962
6,952
—
(599)
—
(4,206)
41,666

$

—
—
110
—
—
(1,306)
—
—
12,869

$

—
—
—
3,365
—
(19)
—
—
3,346

1,552

$

(487) $

215

$

— $

—

$

$

Funds 

withheld at 
interest-
embedded 
derivatives

Other assets -

longevity

swaps

Interest 
sensitive
contract 
liabilities
embedded
derivatives

Other

liabilities -
mortality
swaps

Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Interest credited

Included in other comprehensive income
Other revenue

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)

Fair value, end of period
Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period relating to those
Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenue
Interest credited

$

(76,698) $

14,996

$

(1,070,584) $

(2,619)

54,169
—
—
—
—
—
—

(22,529) $

—
—
(1,133)
13,095
—
—
—
26,958

7,834
10,709
—
—
(12,725)
—
74,458

$

(990,308) $

54,169
—
—

$

— $

(4,579) $

13,095
—

—
(63,748)

$

$

—
—
—
(172)
—
—
329
(2,462)

—
(172)
—

127

For the year ended December 31, 2015:

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net

For the year ended December 31, 2015 (continued):

 
Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net
Included in other comprehensive income

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers into Level 3
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period

Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment income, net of related expenses
Investment related gains (losses), net

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

Corporate

Canadian
government

RMBS

ABS

$

1,310,427

$

— $

188,094

$

572,960

(3,517)
(2,814)
(32,452)
243,871
(3,949)
(279,495)
15,455
(20,556)
1,226,970

$

2,788
—
70,144
—
—
—
343,144
—
416,076

(3,396) $
(2,278)

2,788
—

$

$

(1,754)
(216)
(944)
249,208
(985)
(39,494)
2,853
(66,113)
330,649

$

4,526
808
(2,490)
229,220
(13,105)
(98,918)
13,542
(402,707)
303,836

(1,753) $

—

2,465
—

Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale

CMBS

86,746

U.S. government
$
28,529

$

State

and political
subdivisions

Other foreign
government

42,711

$

19,663

2,817
(4,737)
(337)
42
(6,153)
(7,226)
12,828
(15,417)
68,563

2,718
(3,593)

$

$

(48)
(233)
(602)
544
—
(1,925)
—
—
26,265

$

32
(19)
(3,055)
—
—
(492)
—
(835)
38,342

(48) $
—

32
—

$

$

—
—
(7)
—
—
(1,258)
—
(4,333)
14,065

—
—

$

$

$

$

$

128

For the year ended December 31, 2015 (continued):
 

Fair value, beginning of period

Total gains/losses (realized/unrealized)

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Interest credited

Included in other comprehensive income
Other revenue

Purchases(1)
Sales(1)
Settlements(1)
Transfers out of Level 3
Fair value, end of period
Unrealized gains and losses recorded in earnings for the period
relating to those Level 3 assets and liabilities that were still held at
the end of the period

Included in earnings, net:

Investment related gains (losses), net
Other revenue
Interest credited

$

$

Funds 

withheld at 
interest-
embedded 
derivatives

Other invested
assets - non-
redeemable
preferred

stock

Other assets -

longevity

swaps

Interest 
sensitive
contract 
liabilities
embedded
derivatives

Other

liabilities -
mortality
swaps

$

22,094

$

7,904

$

7,727

$

(1,085,166) $

(797)

(98,792)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
(412)
—
4,529
—
—
(12,021)

(76,698) $

— $

—
—
(959)
8,228
—
—
—
—
14,996

(33,191)
19,440
—
—
(42,798)
—
71,131
—

$

(1,070,584) $

—
—
—
(1,822)
—
—
—
—
(2,619)

(98,792) $

—
—

— $
—
—

— $

(43,496) $

8,228
—

—
(51,691)

—
(1,822)
—

(1)  The amount reported within purchases, sales and settlements is the purchase price (for purchases) and the sales/settlement proceeds (for sales and settlements) 
based upon the actual date purchased or sold/settled. Items purchased and sold/settled in the same period are excluded from the rollforward. The Company 
had no issuances during the period.

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements
The following table presents information for assets measured at estimated fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the periods 
presented and still held at the reporting dates (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The estimated fair values for 
these assets were determined using significant unobservable inputs.

 
(dollars in thousands)
Limited partnership interests(1)
Private equities(2)

Carrying Value After Measurement

Net Investment Gains (Losses)

At December 31,

2017

2016

Years ended December 31,
2016
2017

$

$

4,656
106

$

6,192
—

(7,204) $

(531)

(9,277)
—

(1)  The impaired limited partnership interests presented above were accounted for using the cost method. Impairments on these cost method investments were 
recognized at estimated fair value determined using the net asset values of the Company’s ownership interest as provided in the financial statements of the 
investees. The market for these investments has limited activity and price transparency.

(2)  The fair value of the Company’s private equity investments is based on external valuation models.

129

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Company is required by general accounting principles for Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures to disclose the fair value 
of certain financial instruments including those that are not carried at fair value. The following table presents the carrying amounts 
and estimated fair values of the Company’s financial instruments, which were not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as 
of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands).This table excludes any payables or receivables for collateral 
under repurchase agreements and other transactions. The estimated fair value of the excluded amount approximates carrying value 
as they equal the amount of cash collateral received/paid.  

December 31, 2017:
Assets:

Mortgage loans on real estate
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Other invested assets
Accrued investment income

Liabilities:

Interest-sensitive contract liabilities
Long-term debt
Collateral finance and securitization notes

December 31, 2016:
Assets:

Mortgage loans on real estate
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Other invested assets
Accrued investment income

Liabilities:

 
Carrying Value (1)

Estimated Fair

Value

Fair Value Measurement Using:

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

NAV

$

$

$

$

$

$

4,400,533
1,357,624
5,955,092
946,736
42,558
690,198
392,721

12,683,872
2,788,365
783,938

3,775,522
1,427,602
5,893,381
862,117
32,469
477,132
347,173

$

$

$

4,477,654
1,357,624
6,275,623
946,736
42,558
718,282
392,721

12,917,243
2,959,912
722,145

3,786,987
1,427,602
6,193,166
862,117
32,469
510,640
347,173

— $
—
—
946,736
42,558
28,540
—

— $
—
—

— $

1,357,624
—
—
—
67,778
392,721

4,477,654
—
6,275,623
—
—
286,839
—

— $
—
—

12,917,243
2,959,912
722,145

— $
—
—
862,117
32,469
26,294
—

— $

1,427,602
—
—
—
55,669
347,173

3,786,987
—
6,193,166
—
—
131,904
—

$

$

$

—
—
—
—
—
335,125
—

—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
296,773
—

Interest-sensitive contract liabilities
Long-term debt
Collateral finance and securitization notes

—
—
—  
(1)  Carrying values presented herein may differ from those in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets because certain items within the respective financial 

10,225,099
3,088,635
840,700

10,234,544
3,186,173
745,805

10,234,544
3,186,173
745,805

— $
—
—

— $
—
—

$

$

$

$

statement captions may be measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

Mortgage Loans on Real Estate – The fair value of mortgage loans on real estate is estimated by discounting cash flows, both 
principal and interest, using current interest rates for mortgage loans with similar credit ratings and similar remaining maturities. 
As such, inputs include current treasury yields and spreads, which are based on the credit rating and average life of the loan, 
corresponding to the market spreads. The valuation of mortgage loans on real estate is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Policy Loans – Policy loans typically carry an interest rate that is adjusted annually based on an observable market index and 
therefore carrying value approximates fair value. The valuation of policy loans is considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

Funds Withheld at Interest – The carrying value of funds withheld at interest approximates fair value except where the funds 
withheld are specifically identified in the agreement. When funds withheld are specifically identified in the agreement, the fair 
value is based on the fair value of the underlying assets which are held by the ceding company. Ceding companies use a variety 
of sources and pricing methodologies, which are not transparent to the Company and may include significant unobservable inputs, 
to value the securities that are held in distinct portfolios, therefore the valuation of these funds withheld assets are considered 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments – The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents and short-term 
investments approximates fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments and are considered Level 1 in the fair 
value hierarchy.

130

Other Invested Assets – This primarily includes limited partnership interests accounted for using the cost method, structured loans, 
FHLB common stock, cash collateral and equity release mortgages.  The fair value of limited partnership interests and other 
investments accounted for using the cost method is determined using the NAV of the Company’s ownership interest as provided 
in the financial statements of the investees.  The fair value of structured loans is estimated based on a discounted cash flow analysis 
using discount rates applicable to each structured loan, this is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value of the 
Company’s common stock investment in the FHLB is considered to be the carrying value and it is considered Level 2 in the fair 
value hierarchy.  The fair value of the Company’s cash collateral is considered to be the carrying value and considered to be Level 
1 in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value of the Company’s equity release mortgage loan portfolio, considered Level 3 in the 
fair value hierarchy, is estimated by discounting cash flows, both principal and interest, using a risk free rate plus an illiquidity 
premium.  The cash flow analysis considers future expenses, changes in property prices, and actuarial analysis of borrower behavior, 
mortality and morbidity.
Accrued Investment Income – The carrying value for accrued investment income approximates fair value as there are no adjustments 
made to the carrying value. This is considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
Interest-Sensitive Contract Liabilities – The carrying and fair values of interest-sensitive contract liabilities reflected in the table 
above exclude contracts with significant mortality risk. The fair value of the Company’s interest-sensitive contract liabilities 
utilizes a market standard technique with both capital market inputs and policyholder behavior assumptions, as well as cash values 
adjusted for recapture fees. The capital market inputs to the model, such as interest rates, are generally observable. Policyholder 
behavior assumptions are generally not observable and may require use of significant management judgment. The valuation of 
interest-sensitive contract liabilities is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Long-term Debt/Collateral Finance and Securitization Notes – The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt, and collateral 
finance and securitization notes is generally estimated by discounting future cash flows using market rates currently available for 
debt with similar remaining maturities and reflecting the credit risk of the Company, including inputs when available, from actively 
traded debt of the Company or other companies with similar credit quality. The valuation of long-term debt, and collateral finance 
and securitization notes is generally obtained from brokers and is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.

Note 7   REINSURANCE
In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit its exposure to loss on any single insured and to recover a portion 
of benefits paid by ceding reinsurance to other insurance enterprises or reinsurers under excess coverage and coinsurance contracts.  
In the individual life markets, the Company retains a maximum of $8.0 million of coverage per individual life.  Claims in excess 
of this retention amount are retroceded to retrocessionaires; however, the Company remains fully liable to the ceding company 
for the entire amount of risk it assumes.  In certain limited situations the Company has retained more than $8.0 million per individual 
policy.  The Company enters into agreements with other reinsurers to mitigate the residual risk related to the over-retained policies.  
Additionally, due to some lower face amount reinsurance coverage provided by the Company in addition to individual life, such 
as group life, disability and health, under certain circumstances, the Company could potentially incur net claims totaling more 
than $8.0 million per individual life.    
Retrocession  reinsurance  treaties  do  not  relieve  the  Company  from  its  obligations  to  direct  writing  companies.  Failure  of 
retrocessionaires to honor their obligations could result in losses to the Company. Consequently, allowances would be established 
for amounts deemed uncollectible.  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, no allowances were deemed necessary.  The Company 
regularly evaluates the financial condition of the insurance companies from which it assumes and to which it cedes reinsurance.
Retrocessions are arranged through the Company’s retrocession pools for amounts in excess of the Company’s retention limit. As 
of December 31, 2017 and 2016, all rated retrocession pool participants followed by the A.M. Best Company were rated “A- 
(excellent)” or better.  The Company verifies retrocession pool participants’ ratings on a quarterly basis.  For a majority of the 
retrocessionaires that were not rated, security in the form of letters of credit or trust assets has been posted.  In addition, the 
Company performs annual financial reviews of its retrocessionaires to evaluate financial stability and performance.  In addition 
to its third party retrocessionaires, various RGA reinsurance subsidiaries retrocede amounts in excess of their retention to affiliated 
subsidiaries.

131

The following table presents information for the Company’s ceded reinsurance receivable assets, including the respective amount 
and A.M. Best rating for each reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of the total as of December 31, 2017 and 2016
(dollars in thousands):

Reinsurer
Reinsurer A
Reinsurer B
Reinsurer C
Reinsurer D
Reinsurer E
Other reinsurers

Total

A.M. Best Rating

Amount

% of Total

Amount

% of Total

2017

2016

A+
A+
A
A++
A+

$

$

301,478
203,898
67,723
40,592
40,528
127,808
782,027

38.6% $
26.1
8.7
5.2
5.2
16.2
100.0% $

240,894
183,881
68,832
36,202
35,484
118,679
683,972

35.2%
26.9
10.1
5.3
5.2
17.3
100.0%

Included in the total ceded reinsurance receivables balance were $243.8 million and $242.0 million of claims recoverable, of which 
$1.9 million and $4.0 million were in excess of 90 days past due, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
The effect of reinsurance on net premiums is as follows (dollars in thousands):

Years ended December 31,
Direct
Reinsurance assumed
Reinsurance ceded

Net premiums

2017

2016

2015

$

$

61,571
10,642,462
(862,903)
9,841,130

$

$

57,562
10,049,587
(858,278)
9,248,871

The effect of reinsurance on claims and other policy benefits as follows (dollars in thousands):

Years ended December 31,
Direct
Reinsurance assumed
Reinsurance ceded

Net claims and other policy benefits

2017

2016

$

$

104,447
9,281,590
(867,120)
8,518,917

$

$

105,435
8,621,647
(733,707)
7,993,375

The effect of reinsurance on life insurance in force is shown in the following schedule (dollars in millions):

December 31, 2017
December 31, 2016
December 31, 2015

$

Direct

Assumed

Ceded

$

1,462
1,576
1,686

$

3,297,275
3,062,525
2,995,079

$

205,529
214,727
222,388

Net
3,093,208
2,849,374
2,774,377

Assumed/Net %

106.6%
107.5
108.0

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, the Company provided approximately $16.2 billion and $10.8 billion of financial 
reinsurance, as measured by pre-tax statutory surplus, risk based capital and other financial reinsurance structures, to other insurance 
companies under financial reinsurance transactions to assist ceding companies in meeting applicable regulatory requirements. 
Generally, such financial reinsurance is provided by the Company committing cash or assuming insurance liabilities, which are 
collateralized by future profits on the reinsured business. The Company earns a fee based on the amount of net outstanding financial 
reinsurance.

Reinsurance agreements, whether facultative or automatic, may provide for recapture rights on the part of the ceding company. 
Recapture rights permit the ceding company to reassume all or a portion of the risk formerly ceded to the reinsurer after an agreed-
upon period of time, generally 10 years, or in some cases due to changes in the financial condition or ratings of the reinsurer. 
Recapture of business previously ceded does not affect premiums ceded prior to the recapture of such business, but would reduce 
premiums in subsequent periods. Additionally, some treaties give the ceding company the right to request the Company to place 
assets in trust for their benefit to support their reserve credits, in the event of a downgrade of the Company’s ratings to specified 
levels, generally non-investment grade levels, or if minimum levels of financial condition are not maintained. As of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, these treaties had approximately $2,901.1 million and $1,935.0 million, respectively, in statutory reserves. Assets 
placed in trust continue to be owned by the Company, but their use is restricted based on the terms of the trust agreement. Securities 
with an amortized cost of $2,214.1 million and $2,372.1 million were held in trust to satisfy collateral requirements for reinsurance 
business for the benefit of certain RGA subsidiaries at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In addition, the Company’s 
collateral financing operations have asset in trust requirements. See Note 14 – “Collateral Finance and Securitization Notes” for 
additional information. Securities with an amortized cost of $15,584.3 million and $12,135.3 million, as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016, respectively, were held in trust to satisfy collateral requirements under certain third-party reinsurance treaties.  Under 

132

$

$

$

$

43,106
9,371,308
(843,673)
8,570,741

2015

82,942
8,205,308
(798,868)
7,489,382

certain conditions, RGA may be obligated to move reinsurance from one RGA subsidiary company to another or make payments 
under the treaty. These conditions include change in control or ratings of the subsidiary, insolvency, nonperformance under a treaty, 
or loss of reinsurance license of such subsidiary.

Note 8   DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS
The following reflects the amounts of policy acquisition costs deferred and amortized (dollars in thousands):
 

Years ended December 31,
Balance, beginning of year
Capitalization
Amortization (including interest)
Change in value of embedded derivatives
Attributed to unrealized investment gains (losses)
Foreign currency translation
Balance, end of year

2017

2016

2015

$

$

3,338,605
348,470
(432,474)
(70,392)
(8,220)
63,835
3,239,824

$

$

3,392,437
350,233
(341,115)
(40,077)
(3,541)
(19,332)
3,338,605

$

$

3,342,575
352,260
(288,630)
58,754
17,510
(90,032)
3,392,437

Some reinsurance agreements involve reimbursing the ceding company for allowances and commissions in excess of first-year 
premiums. These amounts represent acquisition costs and are capitalized to the extent deemed recoverable from the future premiums 
and amortized against future profits of the business. This type of agreement presents a risk to the extent that the business lapses 
faster than originally anticipated, resulting in future profits being insufficient to recover the Company’s investment. 

Note 9   INCOME TAX
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“U.S. Tax Reform”) was signed into law on December 22, 2017.  U.S. Tax Reform makes 
broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate 
from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign 
subsidiaries; (3) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (4) eliminating the 
corporate alternative minimum tax (“AMT”) and changing how existing AMT credits can be realized; (5) creating the base erosion 
anti-abuse tax (“BEAT”), a new minimum tax; (6) establishing a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income 
(“GILTI”), which allows for the possibility of using foreign tax credits and a deduction of up to 50 percent to offset the income 
tax liability (subject to some limitations); and (7) changing rules related to uses and limitations of net operating loss carryforwards 
created in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017.  
In connection with the Company’s initial analysis of the impact of U.S. Tax Reform, it recorded a discrete provisional net tax 
benefit of $1,033.8 million in the period ending December 31, 2017.  This estimated net benefit primarily consists of the  U.S. 
federal rate reduction from 35 percent to 21 percent applied to the net deferred tax liability.  The Company provisionally estimates 
there would be no one-time transition tax on unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.  However, this tax could change based 
on future clarification of U.S. Tax Reform, as well as due to the Company gathering additional information to more precisely 
compute the transition tax.  Further, as a result of U.S. Tax Reform, the Company established a valuation allowance of $58.9 
million related to U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards.  The valuation allowance relates to the Company’s interpretation of the 
changes in the ability to use existing foreign tax credit carryforwards against future foreign branch profits.  The valuation allowance 
could change based on future interpretation and analysis of U.S. Tax Reform.
Because of the complexity of the new GILTI tax rules, the Company is continuing to evaluate this provision of U.S. Tax Reform 
and the application of Accounting Standards Codification 740 (“ASC 740”).  Under U.S. GAAP, the Company is allowed to make 
an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to the GILTI as a 
current-period expense when incurred (“the period cost method”) or (2) factoring such amounts into a Company’s measurement 
of its deferred taxes (“the deferred method”). The Company’s selection of an accounting policy with respect to new GILTI tax 
rules will depend, in part, on analyzing its global income to determine whether the Company expects to have future U.S. inclusions 
in taxable income related to GILTI and, if so, what the impact is expected to be.  Whether the Company expects to have future 
U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI depends on not only its current corporate structure, its intercompany reinsurance 
business flows and estimated future results of global operations, but also its intent and ability to modify its structure and/or its 
business, the Company is not yet able to reasonably estimate the effect of this provision of U.S. Tax Reform.  Therefore, the 
Company has not made any adjustments related to potential GILTI tax in its financial statements and has not made a policy decision 
regarding whether to record deferred taxes on GILTI.
The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (“SAB 118”), which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of U.S. 
Tax Reform.  SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from U.S. Tax Reform enactment 

133

date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740.  In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income 
tax effects of those aspects of U.S. Tax Reform for which the accounting under ASC 740 is complete.  To the extent that a company’s 
accounting for certain income tax effects of U.S. Tax Reform is incomplete but it is able to determine a reasonable estimate, it 
must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements.  If a company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included 
in the financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740 on the basis of the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect 
immediately before the enactment of U.S. Tax Reform.
The Company calculated a provisional estimate of the impact of U.S. Tax Reform.  The actual adjustment may vary from this 
estimate due to a number of uncertainties and factors, including changes in interpretations and assumptions made by the Company, 
gathering additional information to more precisely compute the pretax deferred tax items upon which the change in rate was 
applied, and may change due to future further clarification of the new law regulatory and accounting guidance.  The Company is 
still analyzing U.S. Tax Reform and refining its calculations, which could potentially impact the measurement of recorded tax 
balances as of December 31, 2017.  This provisional amount is based on the best information currently available and may be 
revised and is subject to change.  The provisional impact of the enactment of U.S. Tax Reform is reflected in the tables below.
Pre-tax income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consists of the following (dollars in thousands): 

Pre-tax income - U.S.
Pre-tax income - foreign

Total pre-tax income

2017

2016

2015

$

$

870,532
272,283
1,142,815

$

$

758,496
285,450
1,043,946

$

$

493,328
251,467
744,795

The provision for income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consists of the following (dollars 
in thousands):

 
Current income tax expense (benefit):
U.S.
Foreign

Total current

Deferred income tax expense (benefit):
U.S.
U.S. Tax Reform provisional estimate
Foreign
Total deferred
Total provision for income taxes

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

131,108
36,830
167,938

159,853
(1,033,755)
26,598
(847,304)
(679,366) $

1,020
47,706
48,726

273,928
—
19,849
293,777
342,503

$

$

1,588
92,045
93,633

193,204
—
(44,208)
148,996
242,629

The Company’s effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal income tax statutory rate of 35% as a result of the following for 
the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):

 
Tax provision at U.S. statutory rate
Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from:

U.S. Tax Reform provisional estimate
Foreign tax rate differing from U.S. tax rate
Differences in tax basis in foreign jurisdictions
Deferred tax valuation allowance
Amounts related to audit contingencies
Equity compensation excess benefit
Corporate rate changes
Subpart F for non-full inclusion companies
Foreign tax Credits
Return to provision Adjustments
Other, net

Total provision for income taxes

Effective tax rate

2017

2016

2015

$

399,985

$

365,381

$

(1,033,755)
(21,867)
(23,324)
29,458
(7,184)
(10,532)
(6,065)
1,528
(1,681)
(4,674)
(1,255)
(679,366)

$

—
(13,974)
(17,770)
10,963
111
—
—
1,783
(1,683)
(1,473)
(835)
342,503

$

260,678

—
(9,950)
(32,472)
19,157
88
—
—
3,473
(1,936)
1,482
2,109
242,629

(59.4)%

32.8%

32.6%

$

134

Total income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (dollars in thousands):

Provision for income taxes

Income tax from OCI and additional paid-in-capital:

2017

2016

2015

$

(679,366) $

342,503

$

242,629

Net unrealized holding gain (loss) on debt and equity securities recognized for
financial reporting purposes
Exercise of stock options
Foreign currency translation
Unrealized pension and post retirement

(339,889)
(2,963)
16,478
1,726
(82,019)
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred income tax assets and liabilities at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, are presented in the following tables (dollars in thousands):

157,929
(162)
21,081
1,772
523,123

306,849
—
(42,153)
404

Total income taxes provided

(414,266) $

$

$

 
Deferred income tax assets:

Nondeductible accruals
Differences between tax and financial reporting amounts concerning certain reinsurance transactions
Differences in the tax basis of cash and invested assets
Investment income differences
Deferred acquisition costs capitalized for tax
Net operating loss carryforward
Capital loss and tax credit carryforwards

Subtotal

Valuation allowance

Total deferred income tax assets

Deferred income tax liabilities:

Deferred acquisition costs capitalized for financial reporting
Differences between tax and financial reporting amounts concerning certain reinsurance transactions
Differences in the tax basis of cash and invested assets
Investment income differences
Differences in foreign currency translation
Prepaid expenses

Total deferred income tax liabilities

Net deferred income tax liabilities

Balance sheet presentation of net deferred income tax liabilities:

Included in other assets
Included in deferred income taxes

Net deferred income tax liabilities

2017

2016

80,905
96,043
557
43,230
88,531
535,374
102,143
946,783
(226,884)
719,899

627,378
1,547,101
674,569
1,858
33,803
—
2,884,709
2,164,810

33,499
2,198,309
2,164,810

$

$

$

$

125,879
87,688
775
35,192
143,003
325,806
101,223
819,566
(133,354)
686,212

1,013,642
1,773,929
505,841
5,635
91,067
—
3,390,114
2,703,902

66,738
2,770,640
2,703,902

$

$

$

$

As of December 31, 2017, a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets was approximately $226.9 million.  During 2017, a 
valuation allowance was established on the U.S. Foreign tax credit carryforwards of $65.1 million, RGA Reinsurance Company 
of Australia Limited’s, (“RGA Australia”) net operating losses of $20.1 million, as well as on the deferred tax assets of other 
jurisdictions  of  $3.3  million.    Further  movement  in  the  valuation  allowance  includes  foreign  currency  translation  and 
reclassifications with other deferred tax assets of $10.6 million and ($5.6) million, respectively.  The other significant components 
of the valuation allowance relate to a partial valuation allowance on the net operating loss carryforwards in RGA Australia and 
the foreign tax credit carryforwards in RGA International Reinsurance Company dac (“RGA International”).  A valuation allowance 
also exists against the deferred tax assets of other branches and legal entities most of which there is no history of earnings in recent 
years. 
As of December 31, 2016, a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of approximately $133.4 million was provided on the total 
deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions.  The valuation allowance is primarily related to numerous branches and legal entities 
for which there is no history of earnings in recent years.  Further there is a partial valuation allowance on RGA South Africa, RGA 
Australia, and Aurora National net operating losses, as well as RGA International’s foreign tax credit.  The Company utilizes 
valuation allowance when it believes, based on the weight of the available evidence, that it is more likely than not that the deferred 
income tax asset will not be utilized.
The earnings of substantially all of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries have been permanently reinvested in foreign operations. 
No provision has been made for U.S. tax or foreign withholding taxes that may be applicable upon any repatriation or sale. At 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the financial reporting basis in excess of the tax basis for which no deferred taxes have been 
recognized was approximately $1,442.9 million and $1,147.2 million, respectively.  As U.S. Tax Reform generally eliminates U.S. 
federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, the Company does not expect to incur material income taxes if these 
funds are repatriated.

135

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company received federal and foreign income tax refunds of approximately $11.6 million, $6.9 
million and $136.8 million, respectively. The Company made cash income tax payments of approximately $48.7 million, $68.0 
million and $178.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recognized gross 
deferred tax assets associated with net operating losses of approximately $2,715.8 million and $1,353.6 million, respectively.  The 
earliest expiration date for any significant net operating losses is 2029.  Net operating losses of $181.2 million, $451.4 million, 
and $1,557.1 million would expire in 2029, 2030, and 2032, respectively if unutilized.  The remaining losses where a valuation 
allowance has not been established that are subject to expiration are $48.0 million and would expire between 2034 and 2036.  
These net operating losses, other than the net operating losses for which there is a valuation allowance, are expected to be utilized 
in the normal course of business during the period allowed for carryforwards and in any event, are not expected to be lost, due to 
the application of tax planning strategies that management would utilize.  
 At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company also has foreign tax credit carryforwards of $152.0 million and $100.9 million, 
respectively, in the U.S. and Ireland.  During 2017 the Company established a valuation allowance of $65.1 million on the U.S.  
foreign tax credits and the remaining U.S. foreign tax credits of $57.0 million reduced the uncertain tax liabilities.  The Ireland 
foreign tax credit of $29.9 million has a full valuation allowance.  The Company also has AMT carryforwards of $25.9 million
and $21.3 million, respectively.  As a result of U.S. Tax Reform, the AMT credits are fully refundable if unutilized by 2021.  The 
Company has recorded these credits as deferred tax assets.
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company 
is under continuous examination by the Internal Revenue Service and is subject to audit by taxing authorities in other foreign 
jurisdictions  in  which  the  Company  has  significant  business  operations.  The  income  tax  years  under  examination  vary  by 
jurisdiction. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2014, 
Canadian tax authorities for years prior to 2013 and with a  few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and foreign 
income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.
As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $321.2 million and the total amount of 
unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate, if recognized, was $10.9 million. Management believes there 
will be no material impact to the Company’s effective tax rate related to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 
and 2015, is as follows (dollars in thousands):

  
 
Beginning balance, January 1
Additions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
Additions for tax positions of current year
Settlements with tax authorities
Ending balance, December 31

Total Unrecognized Tax Benefits

2017

2016

2015

$

$

297,290
247,596
(246,894)
36,438
(13,206)
321,224

$

$

296,213
226,720
(229,719)
4,186
(110)
297,290

$

$

274,661
26,170
(7,820)
3,396
(194)
296,213

The Company recognized interest expense (benefit) associated with uncertain tax positions in 2017, 2016 and 2015 of $(5.0) 
million, $(8.4) million and $8.2 million, respectively.  Additionally, the Company recognized penalties of $0.3 million in 2016.    
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $15.1 million and $20.4 million, respectively, of accrued interest related 
to unrecognized tax benefits.  There are no penalties accrued as of December 31, 2017.

Note 10   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
Certain subsidiaries of the Company are sponsors or administrators of both qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension 
plans (“Pension Plans”). The largest of these plans is a non-contributory qualified defined benefit pension plan sponsored by RGA 
Reinsurance  that  covers  U.S.  employees. The  benefits  under  the  Pension  Plans  are  generally based  on  years  of  service and 
compensation levels.
The Company also provides select health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. The health care benefits 
are provided through a self-insured welfare benefit plan. Employees become eligible for these benefits if they meet minimum age 
and service requirements. The retiree’s cost for health care benefits varies depending upon the credited years of service. The 
Company recorded benefits expense of  approximately $5.3  million, $6.3  million  and $9.1 million in 2017,  2016 and  2015, 
respectively, that are related to these postretirement plans.  Effective January 1, 2017, employees hired in the U. S. are not eligible 
for retiree health care benefits.  Virtually all retirees, or their beneficiaries, contribute a portion of the total cost of postretirement 
health benefits. Prepaid benefit costs and accrued benefit liabilities are included in other assets and other liabilities, respectively, 
in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

136

A December 31 measurement date is used for all of the defined benefit and postretirement plans. The status of these plans as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 is summarized below (dollars in thousands):

 
 
 
Change in benefit obligation:
Benefit obligation at beginning of year

Service cost
Interest Cost
Participant contributions
Amendments(1)
Actuarial (gains) losses
Settlement (gains) losses
Settlements
Benefits paid
Foreign exchange translations and other adjustments

Benefit obligation at end of year

December 31,

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

Other Benefits

2017

2016

$

$

161,955
10,686
5,326
—
159
11,336
(438)
(12,907)
(5,974)
2,000
172,143

$

$

142,239
10,319
4,790
—
—
9,973
258
(3,152)
(3,047)
575
161,955

$

$

60,524
2,543
2,118
354
—
5,510
—
—
(851)
—
70,198

$

$

63,307
2,883
2,259
305
(13,743)
6,228
—
—
(715)
—
60,524

(1)  Reflects effect of the amendment to RGA’s U.S. retiree health care benefit plan announced in 2016, effective January 1, 2017 and other administrative 

amendments to the pension plans.  The amounts were recorded in AOCI and will be amortized through prior service cost.

 
 
 
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

Actual return on plan assets
Employer contributions
Participant contributions
Disbursement for settlements
Benefits paid and expenses

Fair value of plan assets at end of year
Funded status at end of year

 
 
 
Aggregate fair value of plan assets
Aggregate projected benefit
obligations

Under funded

$

$

December 31,

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

Other Benefits

2017

2016

$

$
$

$

84,770
14,481
22,866
—
(12,907)
(5,974)
103,236
$
(68,907) $

$

68,435
6,584
15,950
—
(3,152)
(3,047)
84,770
$
(77,185) $

— $
—
497
354
—
(851)

— $
(70,198) $

—
—
410
305
—
(715)
—
(60,524)

Qualified Plans

2017

2016

December 31,

Non-Qualified Plans(1)
2017
2016

Total

2017

2016

103,236

$

84,770

$

— $

— $

103,236

$

84,770

107,072

(3,836) $

96,418
(11,648) $

65,071
(65,071) $

65,537
(65,537) $

172,143
(68,907) $

161,955
(77,185)

(1)  For non-qualified plans, there are no required funding levels.

 
 
 
Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income:
Net actuarial loss
Net prior service cost (credit)
Total

December 31,

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

Other Benefits

2017

2016

$

$

40,058
804
40,862

$

$

46,119
703
46,822

$

$

35,672
(11,806)
23,866

$

$

32,156
(13,121)
19,035

137

The following table presents information for qualified and non-qualified pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in 
excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 
Projected benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets

$

2017

2016

$

172,143
103,236

161,955
84,770

The following table presents information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

Accumulated benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets

$

2017

2016

$

169,705
103,236

158,580
84,770

The components of net periodic benefit cost, included in other operating expenses on the consolidated statements of income, and 
other  changes  in  plan  assets  and  benefit  obligations  recognized  in  other  comprehensive  income  were  as  follows  (dollars  in 
thousands):

  
 
Net periodic benefit cost:
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of prior actuarial losses
Amortization of prior service cost (credit)
Settlements

Net periodic benefit cost

$

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

2015

2017

Other Benefits

2016

2015

$

10,686
5,326
(6,215)
4,382
344
4,785
19,308

$

10,319
4,790
(5,138)
4,323
294
1,026
15,614

$

9,222
5,035
(4,897)
3,429
309
—
13,098

$

2,543
2,118
—
1,992
(1,315)
—
5,338

$

2,883
2,259
—
1,827
(622)
—
6,347

Other changes in plan assets and benefit
obligations recognized in other
comprehensive income:
Net actuarial (gains) losses
Amortization of actuarial (gains) losses
Amortization of prior service cost (credit)
Settlements
Prior service cost (credit) (1)
Foreign exchange translations and other
adjustments

Total recognized in other comprehensive
income
Total recognized in net periodic benefit
cost and other comprehensive income

2,633
(4,382)
(344)
(4,785)
159

759

(5,960)

8,785
(4,323)
(294)
(1,026)
—

707

3,849

5,774
(3,429)
(309)
—
—

(1,797)

239

5,507
(1,992)
1,315
—
—

—

4,830

6,228
(1,827)
622
—
(13,743)

—

(8,720)

$

13,348

$

19,463

$

13,337

$

10,168

$

(2,373) $

(1)  Reflects effect of the amendment to RGA’s U.S. retiree health care benefit plan announced in 2016, effective January 1, 2017 and other administrative 

amendments to the pension plans.  The amounts were recorded in AOCI and will be amortized through prior service cost.

During 2018, the Company expects to contribute $14.5 million and $1.2 million to the pension plans and other benefit plans, 
respectively.
The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service as appropriate, are expected to be paid (dollars in thousands):

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023-2027

$

Pension Benefits    

Other Benefits    

$

9,315
9,765
10,885
11,102
13,184
69,285

1,238
1,495
1,842
2,188
2,521
18,205

138

4,062
2,572
—
2,465
—
—
9,099

(2,729)
(2,465)
—
—
—

—

(5,194)

3,905

The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans and post-retirement plans that will be amortized 
from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $3.4 million and $1.1 
million, respectively.

Assumptions
Weighted average assumptions used to determine the accumulated benefit obligation and net benefit cost or income were as follows:

 
 
Discount rate used to determine
benefit obligation
Discount rate used to determine net
benefit cost or income
Expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets
Rate of compensation increases

2017

Pension Benefits

2016

2015

2017

Other Benefits

2016

2015

3.40%

3.81%

7.35%
4.16%

3.80%

3.95%

7.35%
4.08%

3.99%

3.77%

7.35%
4.08%

3.56%

4.10%

—%
—%

4.10%

4.43%

—%
—%

4.43%

4.05%

—%
—%

The expected rate of return on plan assets is based on anticipated performance of the various asset sectors in which the plan invests, 
weighted by target allocation percentages. Anticipated future performance is based on long-term historical returns of the plan 
assets by sector, adjusted for the long-term expectations on the performance of the markets. While the precise expected return 
derived using this approach may fluctuate from year to year, the policy is to hold this long-term assumption constant as long as it 
remains within reasonable tolerance from the derived rate. This process is consistent for all plan assets as all the assets are invested 
in mutual funds.
The assumed health care cost trend rates used in measuring the accumulated non-pension post-retirement benefit obligation were 
as follows:

 
 
Pre-Medicare eligible claims
Medicare eligible claims

December 31,

2017

2016

9% down to 5% in 2024
9% down to 5% in 2024

10% down to 5% in 2024
10% down to 5% in 2024

Assumed health care cost trend rates may have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans. A one-percentage 
point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects (dollars in thousands):

Effect on total of service and interest cost components
Effect on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation

One Percent Increase    
7,941
447

$
$

One Percent Decrease    
(7,104)
(359)

$
$

Plan Assets
Target allocations of U.S. qualified pension plan assets are determined with the objective of maximizing returns and minimizing 
volatility of net assets through adequate asset diversification and partial liability immunization. Adjustments are made to target 
allocations based on the Company’s assessment of the effect of economic factors and market conditions. The target allocations 
for plan assets are 60% equity securities and 40% debt securities as of December 31, 2017 and 2016. The Company’s plan assets 
are primarily invested in mutual funds. The mutual funds include holdings of S&P 500 securities, large-cap securities, mid-cap 
securities, small-cap securities, international securities, corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-
related securities and cash.
Equity and debt securities are exposed to various risks, such as interest rate risk, credit risk and overall market volatility. Due to 
the level of risk associated with certain investment securities, changes in the values of investment securities will occur and any 
change would affect the amounts reported in the financial statements.
The fair values of the Company’s qualified pension plan assets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are summarized below (dollars 
in thousands):

  
 
 
Mutual Funds(1)
Cash

Total

December 31, 2017

Fair Value Measurement Using:

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

103,106
130
103,236

$

$

103,106
130
103,236

$

$

— $
—
— $

—
—
—

 

$

$

(1)  Mutual funds were invested 27% in U.S. equity funds, 36% in U.S. fixed income funds, 22% in non-U.S. equity funds and 15% in other.

139

  
 
 
Mutual Funds(2)
Cash

Total

December 31, 2016

Fair Value Measurement Using:

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

84,671
99
84,770

$

$

84,671
99
84,770

$

$

— $
—
— $

—
—
—

 

$

$

(2)  Mutual funds were invested 28% in U.S. equity funds, 37% in U.S. fixed income funds, 20% in non-U.S. equity funds and 15% in other.
As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company classified all of its qualified pension plan assets in the Level 1 category as 
quoted prices in active markets are available for these assets. See Note 6 – “Fair Value of Asset and Liabilities” for additional 
detail on the fair value hierarchy.
Savings and Investment Plans
Certain subsidiaries of RGA also sponsor savings and investment plans under which a portion of employee contributions are 
matched. Subsidiary contributions to these plans were $14.2 million, $9.9 million and $9.0 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.
Note 11    FINANCIAL CONDITION AND NET INCOME ON A STATUTORY BASIS – SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES
The domestic and foreign insurance subsidiaries of RGA prepare their statutory financial statements in conformity with statutory 
accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the applicable state insurance department or local regulatory authority, which vary 
materially from statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Prescribed statutory accounting practices in the U.S. include 
publications of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”), as well as state laws, local regulations and general 
administrative rules. The differences between statutory financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with 
GAAP vary between jurisdictions. The principal differences between GAAP and NAIC are that statutory financial statements do 
not reflect deferred policy acquisition costs and limit deferred tax assets, life benefit reserves predominately use interest rate and 
mortality assumptions prescribed by the NAIC and local regulatory agencies, bonds are generally carried at amortized cost and 
reinsurance assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance.
Statutory net income, and capital and surplus of the Company’s insurance subsidiaries, determined in accordance with statutory 
accounting practices prescribed by the applicable state insurance department or local regulatory authority are as follows (dollars 
in thousands):

  
 
RGA Reinsurance (U.S.)
Reinsurance Company of Missouri
RGA Life Reinsurance Company of Canada
RGA Reinsurance Company (Barbados) Ltd.
RGA Australia
RGA Atlantic Reinsurance Company Ltd.
RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (1)
Other reinsurance subsidiaries

$

$

$

Statutory Capital & Surplus
2017
2016
1,521,644
1,584,007
1,651,274
1,557,453
915,134
1,006,190
1,278,006
957,051
370,039
476,528
596,016
812,307
3,752,910
4,833,890
2,694,317
2,224,833

Statutory Net Income (Loss)

2017

2016

2015

$

138,359
(183,136)
25,971
309,346
78,497
213,511
624,145
65,658

$

148,576
272,038
13,947
95,859
(7,694)
110,172
282,226
130,289

(23,615)
51,041
113,526
113,049
(18,128)
132,192
264,518
300,847

(1) 

In 2017, the Company contributed to RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd. all of the outstanding shares of its wholly-owned subsidiary, RGA 
Australia.  Periods prior to 2017 have been adjusted to reflect this contribution.

Each U.S. domestic insurance subsidiary’s state of domicile imposes minimum risk-based capital (“RBC”) requirements that were 
developed by the NAIC. The formulas for determining the amount of RBC specify various weighting factors that are applied to 
financial balances or various levels of activity based on the perceived degree of risk. Regulatory compliance is determined by a 
ratio of total adjusted capital, as defined by the NAIC, to authorized control level RBC, as defined by the NAIC. Companies below 
specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. Each of 
RGA’s U.S. domestic insurance subsidiaries exceeded the minimum RBC requirements for all periods presented herein. These 
requirements do not represent a significant constraint for the payment of dividends by RGA’s U.S. domestic insurance companies.
The licensing orders of the Company’s special purpose companies stipulate a minimum amount of capital required based on the 
purpose of the entity and the underlying business. These companies are subject to enhanced oversight by the regulator which 
includes filing detailed plans of operations before commencing operations or making material changes to existing agreements or 
entering into new agreements. Each of the Company’s Special Purpose Life Reinsurance Captives (“SPLRC”) exceeded the 
minimum capital requirements for all periods presented herein.
The Company’s foreign insurance subsidiaries prepare financial statements in accordance with local regulatory requirements. The 
regulatory authorities in these foreign jurisdictions establish some form of minimum regulatory capital and surplus requirements. 

140

All  of  the  Company’s  foreign  insurance  subsidiaries  have  regulatory  capital  and  surplus  that  exceed  the  local  minimum 
requirements. These requirements do not represent a significant constraint for the payment of dividends by the Company’s foreign 
insurance companies.
The state of domicile of certain of the Company’s SPLRCs follow prescribed accounting practices differing from NAIC statutory 
accounting practices (“NAIC SAP”) applicable to their statutory financial statements. Specifically, these prescribed practices 
require that surplus note interest accrued but not approved for payment be reported as a direct reduction of surplus and an addition 
to the surplus note balance. Under NAIC SAP, surplus note interest is not to be reported until approved for payment and is reported 
as a reduction of net investment income in the Summary of Operations. In addition, these prescribed practices allow the SPLRC 
to reflect letters of credit issued for its benefit as an admitted asset and a direct credit to unassigned surplus. Under NAIC SAP, 
letters of credit issued on behalf of the reporting company are not reported on the balance sheet.
A reconciliation of the Company’s surplus between NAIC SAP and practices prescribed by the state of domicile is shown below 
(dollars in thousands):

 
 
Prescribed practice – surplus note
Prescribed practice – letters of credit
Surplus (deficit) – NAIC SAP

December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

726,531
(960,100)
(233,569) $

574,574
(615,100)
(40,526)

Reinsurance Company of Missouri (“RCM”), RGA Reinsurance and Chesterfield Reinsurance Company (“Chesterfield Re”) are 
subject to Missouri statutory provisions that restrict the payment of dividends. They may not pay dividends in any 12-month period 
in excess of the greater of the prior year’s statutory net gain from operations or 10% of statutory capital and surplus at the preceding 
year-end, without regulatory approval.  Aurora National is subject to California statutory provisions that are identical to those 
imposed by Missouri regarding the ability of Aurora National to pay dividends to RGA Reinsurance.  The applicable statutory 
provisions only permit an insurer to pay a shareholder dividend from unassigned surplus. As of January 1, 2018, RGA Reinsurance 
could pay maximum dividends, without prior approval, of approximately $158.4 million. Any dividends paid by RGA Reinsurance 
would be paid to RCM, its parent company, which in turn has restrictions related to its ability to pay dividends to RGA. 
Chesterfield Re would pay dividends to its immediate parent Chesterfield Financial Holdings LLC, (“Chesterfield Financial”), 
which would in turn pay dividends to RCM, subject to the terms of the indenture for the embedded value securitization transaction, 
in which Chesterfield Financial cannot declare or pay any dividends so long as any private placement notes are outstanding. The 
Missouri Department of Insurance, Financial Institution and Professional Registration, allows RCM to pay a dividend to RGA to 
the extent RCM received the dividend from its subsidiaries, without limitation related to the level of unassigned surplus. Dividend 
payments from other subsidiaries are subject to regulations in the jurisdiction of domicile, which are generally based on their 
earnings and/or capital level.
Dividend payments from non-U.S. operations are subject to similar restrictions established by local regulators. The non-U.S. 
regulatory regimes also commonly limit the dividend payments to the parent to a portion of the prior year’s statutory income, as 
determined by the local accounting principles. The regulators of the Company’s non-U.S. operations may also limit or prohibit 
profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the U.S. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial 
strength of the non-U.S. operations, or for other reasons. Most of the non-U.S. operating subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries 
which  are  owned  by  various  non-U.S.  holding  companies. The  capital  and  rating  considerations  applicable  to  the  first  tier 
subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow to RGA.
There are no regulatory restrictions that limit the payment of dividends by RGA, except those generally applicable to Missouri 
corporations. Dividends are payable by Missouri corporations only under the circumstances specified in The General and Business 
Corporation Law of Missouri. RGA would not be permitted to pay common stock dividends if there is any accrued and unpaid 
interest on its subordinated debentures and its junior subordinated debentures. Furthermore, the ability of RGA to pay dividends 
is dependent on business conditions, income, cash requirements of the Company, receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries, financial 
covenant provisions and other relevant factors.

141

Note 12    COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND GUARANTEES
Commitments
Funding of Investments
The Company’s commitments to fund investments as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are presented in the following table (dollars 
in thousands):

Limited partnership interests and joint ventures
Commercial mortgage loans
Bank loans and private placements
Equity release mortgages

$

2017

2016

$

485,197
40,815
60,472
153,937

332,169
126,248
58,318
130,324

The Company anticipates that the majority of its current commitments will be invested over the next five years; however, these 
commitments could become due any time at the request of the counterparties.  Bank loans and private placements are included in 
fixed maturity securities available-for-sale. 
Leases
The Company leases office space and furniture and equipment under non-cancelable operating lease agreements, which expire at 
various dates. Future minimum office space annual rentals under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31, 2017 are as 
follows (dollars in thousands):

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

$

Operating
Leases

11,157
7,108
4,879
3,076
2,421
9,466

Rent expenses amounted to approximately $15.7 million, $13.7 million and $12.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
In 2013, the Company executed a series of incentive agreements with the County of St. Louis, Missouri (the “County”). Under 
these agreements, the Company transferred its newly constructed world headquarters to the County in exchange for taxable 
industrial revenue bonds (the “bonds”), in a series of bond issuances during 2013 and 2014, with a maximum amount of $150.0 
million. As a result, the Company was able to reduce the cost of constructing and operating its world headquarters by reducing 
certain state and local tax expenditures. The Company simultaneously leased the world headquarters from the County and has an 
option to purchase the world headquarters for a nominal fee upon tendering the bonds back to the County. The payments due to 
the Company under the terms of the bonds and the amounts owed by the Company under the terms of the lease agreement qualify 
for the right of offset under GAAP. As such, neither the bonds nor the lease obligation is recorded on the consolidated balance 
sheets as an asset or liability, respectively. The world headquarters is recorded as an asset of the Company in “Other assets” on 
the consolidated balance sheets.
Contingencies
Litigation
The Company is subject to litigation in the normal course of its business. The Company currently has no material litigation. A 
legal reserve is established when the Company is notified of an arbitration demand or litigation or is notified that an arbitration 
demand or litigation is imminent, it is probable that the Company will incur a loss as a result and the amount of the probable loss 
is reasonably capable of being estimated.
Other Contingencies
The Company indemnifies its directors and officers as provided in its charters and by-laws. Since this indemnity generally is not 
subject to limitation with respect to duration or amount, the Company does not believe that it is possible to determine the maximum 
potential amount due under this indemnity in the future.

142

Guarantees
Statutory Reserve Support
RGA, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, has committed to provide statutory reserve support to third-parties, in exchange for a 
fee, by funding loans if certain defined events occur. Such statutory reserves are required under the U.S. Valuation of Life Policies 
Model Regulation (commonly referred to as Regulation XXX for term life insurance policies and Regulation A-XXX for universal 
life secondary guarantees). The third-parties have recourse to RGA should the subsidiary fail to provide the required funding, 
however, as of December 31, 2017, the Company does not believe that it will be required to provide any funding under these 
commitments as the occurrence of the defined events is considered remote.  The following table presents the maximum potential 
obligation for these commitments as of December 31, 2017 (dollars in millions):

Maximum Potential

$

Obligation

Commitment Period
2023
2033
2034
2035
2036
2037
Other Guarantees
RGA has issued guarantees to third parties on behalf of its subsidiaries for the payment of amounts due under certain reinsurance 
treaties, securities borrowing and repurchase arrangements, financing arrangements and office lease obligations, whereby if a 
subsidiary fails to meet an obligation, RGA or one of its other subsidiaries will make a payment to fulfill the obligation. In limited 
circumstances, treaty guarantees are granted to ceding companies in order to provide them additional security, particularly in cases 
where RGA’s subsidiary is relatively new, unrated, or not of a significant size, relative to the ceding company. Liabilities supported 
by the treaty guarantees, before consideration for any legally offsetting amounts due from the guaranteed party are reflected on 
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets in a policy related liability.  Potential guaranteed amounts of future payments will 
vary  depending  on  production  levels  and  underwriting  results.  Guarantees  related  to  securities  borrowing  and  repurchase 
arrangements provide additional security to third parties should a subsidiary fail to provide securities when due.  RGA’s guarantees 
issued as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 are reflected in the following table (dollars in thousands):

500.0
450.0
2,000.0
1,314.2
2,932.0
5,750.0

Treaty guarantees
Treaty guarantees, net of assets in trust
Securities borrowing and repurchase arrangements
Financing arrangements
Lease obligations

2017

2016

$

$

1,047,449
926,393
294,325
86,183
1,662

902,216
780,786
263,820
119,073
2,428

 Note 13     DEBT
Long-Term Debt
The Company’s long-term debt consists of the following as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

$300 million 5.625% Senior Notes due 2017
$400 million 6.45% Senior Notes due 2019
$400 million 5.00% Senior Notes due 2021
$400 million 4.70% Senior Notes due 2023
$400 million 3.95% Senior Notes due 2026
$100 million 4.09% Promissory Note due 2039
$400 million 6.20% Subordinated Debentures due 2042
$400 million 5.75% Subordinated Debentures due 2056
$400 million Variable Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2065

Sub-total

Unamortized issuance costs

Long-term Debt

2017

2016

$

$

— $

399,873
399,245
399,138
399,987
91,787
400,000
400,000
318,740
2,808,770
(20,405)
2,788,365

$

299,945
399,805
399,025
398,986
399,985
94,370
400,000
400,000
318,737
3,110,853
(22,218)
3,088,635

In June 2016, RGA issued 3.95% Senior Notes due September 15, 2026 with a face amount of $400.0 million and 5.75% Fixed-
To-Floating Rate Subordinated Debentures due June 15, 2056 with a face amount of $400.0 million.  These securities have been 
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The net proceeds from these offerings were approximately $791.2 

143

million and were used in part to repay upon maturity the Company’s $300.0 million 5.625% Senior Notes that matured in March 
2017.  The remainder was used for general corporate purposes. Capitalized issue costs were approximately $8.8 million.
In December 2015, the interest rate on RGA’s Junior Subordinated Debentures with a face amount of $400.0 million converted 
from a fixed rate of 6.75% to a floating rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 266.5 basis points. The Company entered into 
an interest rate swap that commenced in December 2017, effectively fixing the interest rate on these securities at 4.82% until 
December 2037.
Certain of the Company’s debt agreements contain financial covenant restrictions related to, among others, liens, the issuance and 
disposition of stock of restricted subsidiaries, minimum requirements of consolidated net worth, maximum ratios of debt to 
capitalization and change of control provisions. A material ongoing covenant default could require immediate payment of the 
amount due, including principal, under the various agreements. Additionally, the Company’s debt agreements contain cross-default 
covenants, which would make outstanding borrowings immediately payable in the event of a material uncured covenant default 
under any of the agreements, including, but not limited to, non-payment of indebtedness when due for an amount in excess of the 
amounts set forth in those agreements, bankruptcy proceedings, or any other event which results in the acceleration of the maturity 
of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had $2,808.8 million and $3,110.9 million, respectively, in 
outstanding borrowings under its debt agreements and was in compliance with all covenants under those agreements.  As of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the average interest rate on long-term debt outstanding was 5.24% and 5.16%, respectively.
The ability of the Company to make debt principal and interest payments depends on the earnings and surplus of subsidiaries, 
investment earnings on undeployed capital proceeds, and the Company’s ability to raise additional funds.  Future principal payments 
due on long-term debt, excluding discounts, as of December 31, 2017, were as follows (dollars in thousands):

Calendar Year

Long-term debt

2018

$

2,690

$

2019
402,802

2020

$

2,919

$

2021
403,040

2022

Thereafter

$

3,167

$

1,996,972

Credit and Committed Facilities
The Company has obtained bank letters of credit in favor of various affiliated and unaffiliated insurance companies from which 
the Company assumes business. These letters of credit represent guarantees of performance under the reinsurance agreements and 
allow ceding companies to take statutory reserve credits. Certain of these letters of credit contain financial covenant restrictions. 
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, there were approximately $120.1 million and $189.4 million, respectively, of undrawn outstanding 
bank letters of credit in favor of third parties. Additionally, the Company utilizes letters of credit primarily to secure reserve credits 
when it retrocedes business to its affiliated subsidiaries. The Company cedes business to its affiliates to help reduce the amount 
of regulatory capital required in certain jurisdictions such as the U.S. and the United Kingdom.  As of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, $1,492.2 million and $1,010.8 million, respectively, in undrawn letters of credit from various banks were outstanding, 
primarily backing reinsurance between the various subsidiaries of the Company. The banks providing letters of credit to the 
Company are included on the NAIC list of approved banks.
The Company maintains nine committed credit facilities, a syndicated revolving credit facility with a capacity of $850.0 million
and eight letter of credit facilities with a combined capacity of $1,266.5 million. The Company may borrow cash and obtain letters 
of credit in multiple currencies under its syndicated revolving credit facility. The following table provides additional information 
on the Company’s existing committed credit facilities as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in thousands):

 

 

Amount Utilized(1)

December 31,

 

Current Capacity

Maturity Date

2017

2016

Basis of Fees

$180,403 (2) November 2018

$

5,952 (2) March 2019
850,000
188,000 October 2019

September 2019

117,135 (2) December 2019

100,000
June 2020
100,000 May 2021
75,000
June 2021
500,000 May 2022

$

8,638
5,952
96,564
188,000
117,135
75,573
100,000
61,900
500,000

31,382
17,513
96,095
270,000
72,080
70,690

Fixed
Fixed
Senior unsecured long-term debt rating
Fixed
Fixed
Fixed
— Fixed
Fixed
— Fixed

85,040

(1)  Represents issued but undrawn letters of credit. There was no cash borrowed for the periods presented.
(2)  Foreign currency denominated facility, amounts presented are in U.S. dollars.
Fees associated with the Company’s other letters of credit are not fixed for periods in excess of one year and are based on the 
Company’s ratings and the general availability of these instruments in the marketplace.  Total fees expensed associated with the 

144

Company’s letters of credit were $10.5 million, $7.9 million and $10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively, and are included in policy acquisition costs and other insurance expenses.

Note 14     COLLATERAL FINANCE AND SECURITIZATION NOTES
Collateral Finance Notes
In June 2006, RGA’s subsidiary, Timberlake Financial L.L.C. (“Timberlake Financial”), issued $850.0 million of Series A Floating 
Rate Insured Notes, due June 2036, in a private placement. The notes were issued to fund the collateral requirements for statutory 
reserves required by Regulation XXX on specified term life insurance policies reinsured by RGA Reinsurance and retroceded to 
Timberlake Re. Proceeds from the notes, along with a $112.8 million direct investment by RGA, were deposited into a series of 
accounts that collateralize the notes and are not available to satisfy the general obligations of the Company. As of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively, the Company held assets in trust and in custody of $841.5 million and $893.8 million, of which $39.7 
million and $24.1 million were held in a Debt Service Coverage account to cover interest payments on the notes. Interest on the 
notes accrues at an annual rate of 1-month LIBOR plus a base rate margin, payable monthly, and totaled $6.4 million, $4.2 million
and $3.8 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
In May 2015, RGA’s subsidiary, RGA Reinsurance Company (Barbados) Ltd. (“RGA Barbados”) obtained CAD$200.0 million 
of collateral financing from a third party through 2020, enabling RGA Barbados to support collateral requirements for Canadian 
reinsurance  transactions.    Capitalized  issuance  costs  were  approximately  $1.3  million.    The  obligation  is  reflected  on  the 
consolidated balance sheets in collateral finance and securitization notes. Interest on the collateral financing is payable quarterly 
and accrues at 3-month Canadian Dealer Offered Rate plus a margin and totaled $4.2 million, $4.0 million and $2.3 million in 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
In October 2015, RGA’s subsidiary, RGA Americas Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (“RGA Americas”), entered into a collateral 
financing transaction pursuant to which it issued a CAD$150 million note and, in return, obtained a CAD$150 million demand 
note issued by a designated series of a Delaware master trusts.  The demand note matures in October 2020 and is used to support 
collateral requirements for Canadian reinsurance transactions.  
The demand note is secured by a portfolio of specified assets that have an aggregate market value at least equal to the principal 
amount of the demand note and a payment obligation pledged by a third party financial institution.  The principal amount of the 
demand note is payable upon demand by the holder, which creates a corresponding payment under the note issued by RGA 
Americas.  The note issued by RGA Americas bears interest at a rate equal to the rate on the corresponding demand note, plus an 
amount representing fees payable to the applicable third party financial institution.  Through December 31, 2017, no principal 
payments have been received or are currently due on the demand note and, as a result, there was no payment obligation under the 
note issued by RGA Americas.  Accordingly, the notes are not reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet or the table 
below, as of that date.  Capitalized issuance costs were approximately $2.4 million.
Securitization Notes
In December 2014, RGA’s subsidiary, Chesterfield Financial Holdings LLC, (“Chesterfield Financial”), issued $300.0 million of 
asset-backed notes due December 2024 in a private placement.  The notes were issued as part of an embedded value securitization 
transaction covering a closed block of policies assumed by RGA Reinsurance and retroceded to Chesterfield Re.  Proceeds from 
the notes, along with a direct investment by the Company, were applied by Chesterfield Financial to (i) pay certain transaction-
related expenses, (ii) establish a reserve account owned by Chesterfield Financial and pledged to the indenture trustee for the 
benefit of the holders of the notes (primarily to cover interest payments on the notes), and (iii) to fund an initial stock purchase 
from and capital contribution to Chesterfield Re to capitalize Chesterfield Re and to finance the payment of a ceding commission 
by Chesterfield Re to RGA Reinsurance under the retrocession agreement.  Capitalized issuance costs were approximately $5.4 
million.  As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company held deposits in trust of $19.4 million and $22.1 million, respectively, 
to cover interest payments on the notes, which are not available to satisfy the general obligations of the Company.  Interest on the 
notes accrues at an annual rate of 4.50%, payable quarterly, and totaled $11.3 million, $13.1 million and $14.0 million in 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively.  The notes represent senior, secured indebtedness of Chesterfield Financial.  Limited support is 
provided by RGA for temporary potential liquidity events at Chesterfield Financial and for temporary potential statutory capital 
and surplus events at Chesterfield Re.  Otherwise, there is no legal recourse to RGA or its other subsidiaries.  The notes are not 
insured or guaranteed by any other person or entity.

145

The Company’s collateral finance and securitization notes consist of the following as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in 
thousands):

 
Timberlake Financial
RGA Barbados
Chesterfield Financial
Unamortized issuance costs

Total

2017

2016

411,951
159,100
217,800
(4,913)
783,938

$

$

451,880
148,820
246,300
(6,300)
840,700

$

$

Note 15     SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company has geographic-based and business-based operational segments. Geographic-based operations are further segmented 
into traditional and financial solutions businesses. 
The U.S. and Latin America Traditional segment provides individual and group life and health reinsurance to domestic clients for 
a variety of products through yearly renewable term agreements, coinsurance, and modified coinsurance. The U.S. and Latin 
America Financial Solutions segment includes asset-intensive products that concentrate on the investment risk within underlying 
annuities and corporate-owned life insurance policies, and financial reinsurance that assists ceding companies in meeting applicable 
regulatory requirements while enhancing their financial strength and regulatory surplus position.
The Canada Traditional segment is primarily engaged in individual life reinsurance, as well as creditor, group life and health, 
critical illness and disability reinsurance, through yearly renewable term and coinsurance agreements. The Canada Financial 
Solutions segment concentrates on assisting clients with longevity risk transfer structures within underlying annuities and pension 
benefit obligations, and on assisting clients in meeting applicable regulatory requirements while enhancing their financial strength 
and regulatory surplus position through financial reinsurance structures.
The Europe, Middle East and Africa Traditional segment provides individual and group life and health products through yearly 
renewable term and coinsurance agreements, reinsurance of critical illness coverage that provides a benefit in the event of the 
diagnosis of a pre-defined critical illness and underwritten annuities. The Europe, Middle East and Africa Financial Solutions 
segment provides longevity, asset-intensive and financial reinsurance. Longevity reinsurance takes the form of closed block annuity 
reinsurance and longevity swap structures. 
 The Asia Pacific Traditional segment provides individual and group life and health reinsurance, critical illness coverage, disability 
and superannuation through yearly renewable term and coinsurance agreements. The Asia Pacific Financial Solutions segment 
provides financial reinsurance, asset-intensive and certain disability and life blocks.
Corporate and Other operations include investment income from invested assets not allocated to support segment operations and 
proceeds from the Company’s capital-raising efforts that have not been deployed yet, in addition to investment related gains or 
losses. Additionally, Corporate and Other includes results associated with the Company’s collateral finance and securitization 
notes and results from certain wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures that, among other activities, develop and market 
technology solutions for the insurance industry.
The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 2 – “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.” 
The Company measures segment performance primarily based on profit or loss from operations before income taxes. There are 
no intersegment reinsurance transactions and the Company does not have any material long-lived assets.
The Company allocates capital to its segments based on an internally developed economic capital model, the purpose of which is 
to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital is deployed. The economic capital model considers 
the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in the Company’s businesses. As a result of the economic capital allocation 
process, a portion of investment income is attributed to the segments based on the level of allocated capital. In addition, the 
segments are charged for excess capital utilized above the allocated economic capital basis. This charge is included in policy 
acquisition costs and other insurance expenses.

146

Information related to revenues, income (loss) before income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, and assets of 
the Company’s operations are summarized below (dollars in thousands):

For the years ended December 31,
Revenues:
U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total
Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Corporate and Other

Total

For the years ended December 31,
Income (loss) before income taxes:
U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total
Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Corporate and Other

Total

For the years ended December 31,
Interest expense:

Corporate and Other

Total

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

$
$

$

6,100,171
1,150,378
7,250,549

$

5,964,968
840,446
6,805,414

1,103,520
48,938
1,152,458

1,362,075
311,071
1,673,146

2,210,686
73,775
2,284,461
155,155
12,515,769

2017

373,434
401,584
775,018

120,218
16,643
136,861

70,486
123,514
194,000

148,786
13,130
161,916
(124,980)
1,142,815

2017

146,025
146,025

$

$

$

$
$

1,118,004
46,938
1,164,942

1,195,149
340,518
1,535,667

1,771,150
63,382
1,834,532
180,956
11,521,511

2016

371,101
283,380
654,481

134,705
7,945
142,650

30,059
138,007
168,066

113,928
4,063
117,991
(39,242)
1,043,946

2016

137,623
137,623

$

$

$

$
$

5,465,026
643,865
6,108,891

1,023,012
45,034
1,068,046

1,190,742
286,666
1,477,408

1,638,357
56,581
1,694,938
68,895
10,418,178

2015

235,771
207,963
443,734

124,175
13,902
138,077

48,410
108,445
156,855

105,654
19,619
125,273
(119,144)
744,795

2015

142,863
142,863

147

For the years ended December 31,
Depreciation and amortization:
U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total
Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Corporate and Other

Total

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

284,959
208,790
493,749

$

271,732
155,560
427,292

24,057
10
24,067

35,000
91
35,091

114,333
1,448
115,781
37,276
705,964

$

22,170
11
22,181

46,562
72
46,634

45,562
1,492
47,054
13,894
557,055

$

218,974
44,275
263,249

23,887
—
23,887

60,193
—
60,193

31,955
217
32,172
16,495
395,996

The table above includes amortization of DAC, including the effect from investment related gains and losses. 

For the years ended December 31,
Assets:
U.S. and Latin America:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total
Canada:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Europe, Middle East and Africa:

Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Asia Pacific:
Traditional
Financial Solutions

Total

Corporate and Other

Total

2017

2016

$

18,603,423
15,959,206
34,562,629

4,161,452
126,372
4,287,824

3,099,495
5,274,993
8,374,488

4,915,442
1,198,585
6,114,027
7,175,850
60,514,818

$

18,140,825
13,712,106
31,852,931

3,846,682
85,405
3,932,087

2,559,124
3,876,131
6,435,255

3,968,081
676,281
4,644,362
6,233,244
53,097,879

$

$

Companies  in  which  RGA  has  significant  influence  over  the  operating  and  financing  decisions  but  are  not  required  to  be 
consolidated, are reported on the equity basis of accounting. The equity in the net income of such investments is not material to 
the results of operations or financial position of individual segments or the Company taken as a whole. Capital expenditures of 
each reporting segment were immaterial in the periods noted.

No individual client generated 10% or more of the Company’s total gross premiums on a consolidated basis in 2017, 2016 and 
2015. For the purpose of this disclosure, companies that are within the same insurance holding company structure are combined. 

Note 16   SHORT-DURATION CONTRACTS

The Company uses several actuarial methods to compute incurred-but-not reported liabilities. These methods use historical claim 
reporting patterns to develop a triangle of reported claim amounts. The claim triangle is then used to develop the ultimate claims 
amount and the incurred-but-not reported liabilities. Expected claim methods use exposure data such as premiums to develop the 
ultimate claim amount. The final method blends the estimates from the development and the expected claim methods.  The Company 
did not make significant changes to the methods used to compute the incurred-but-not reported liabilities in 2017. 

148

The  following  tables  provide  information  on  incurred  and  paid  claims  development,  net  of  retrocession,  for  short-duration 
reinsurance contracts for the Company’s U.S. and Latin America and Asia Pacific Traditional segments, which primarily relate to 
group life and health (including disability) business.  The short-duration business for the Company’s other segments is immaterial.  
Liabilities for claims and claims adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance equals total incurred claims less cumulative paid claims 
plus outstanding liabilities prior to 2012. 

The Company provides reinsurance on large quota share transactions. It is common industry practice for cedants to provide loss 
information on a bulk basis without comprehensive claim details.  Additionally, a claim under aggregate stop loss coverage may 
be the result of thousands of claims, but the Company only pays the excess amount.  Therefore, it is impractical to provide 
meaningful claim count detail by accident year in the tables shown below.

U.S. and Latin America
(in thousands)

Incurred Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustments, Net of Reinsurance (1)

For the Years Ended December 31,

Accident Year

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

$

322,579

$

$

309,119
349,262

$

297,037
332,907
407,953

$

298,262
338,977
411,373
459,524

2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017

$

299,098
336,552
396,383
460,917
500,843

 Total

$

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expense, Net of Reinsurance (1)

For the Years Ended December 31,

Accident Year

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017

$

109,323

$

$

222,139
114,457

$

243,890
248,828
128,813

$

252,018
277,130
304,578
146,196

258,297
285,817
337,081
360,658
184,940

 Total
All outstanding claims prior to 2012, net of reinsurance
Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expense, net of reinsurance

(1)  2012-2016 Unaudited.

Asia Pacific
(in thousands)

Incurred Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustments, Net of Reinsurance (1)

For the Years Ended December 31,

Accident Year

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017

$

230,295

$

$

309,090
324,334

$

313,862
346,886
306,919

$

317,536
336,531
332,718
308,517

325,992
333,639
294,049
284,871
252,197

$

$

$

$

 Total

$

149

As of

December 31, 2017
Total of Incurred-but-
Not-Reported Liabilities

Plus Expected
Development on
Reported Claims

$

24
164
1,597
3,809
23,149
200,109

As of

December 31, 2017
Total of Incurred-but-
Not-Reported Liabilities

Plus Expected
Development on
Reported Claims

$

13,196
21,310
27,113
44,713
62,959
140,159

2017

297,688
336,436
397,151
465,167
499,785
485,442
2,481,669

2017

263,565
292,067
349,078
407,282
392,517
189,853
1,894,362
208,874
796,181

2017

336,901
347,865
300,025
277,166
228,342
235,146
1,725,445

Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expense, Net of Reinsurance (1)

For the Years Ended December 31,

Accident Year

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017

$

54,638

$

$

149,912
55,175

$

205,303
159,799
38,241

$

247,028
231,919
150,295
54,241

269,808
261,359
196,570
131,364
42,440

 Total
All outstanding claims prior to 2012, net of reinsurance
Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expense, net of reinsurance

2017

287,941
289,472
228,405
185,393
108,310
39,262
1,138,783
144,984
731,646

$

$

$

(1)  2012-2016 Unaudited.
The reconciliation of the net incurred and paid claims development tables to the liability for claims and claim adjustment expense 
in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, are as follows:

Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expense, net of reinsurance:

U.S. and Latin America
Asia Pacific

Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expense, net of reinsurance
Adjustments to reconcile to total policy claims and future policy benefits:

Reinsurance recoverable
Effect of discounting and unallocated claims adjustment expense

Total adjustments
Other short-duration contracts:

Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Other

Total short-duration contracts
Other than short-duration contracts

Total future policy benefits and other policy claims and benefits

2017

796,181
731,646
1,527,827

17,940
(146,331)
(128,391)

150,248
346,916
122,690
2,019,290
25,336,025
27,355,315

$

$

The following is unaudited supplementary information about average historical claims duration as of December 31, 2017:

Years

U.S. and Latin America
Asia Pacific

Average Annual Payout of Incurred Claims by Age, Net of Reinsurance

1

35.1%
16.5%

2

41.9%
30.3%

3

8.5%
18.0%

4

2.8%
10.5%

5

6

2.0%
7.6%

1.8%
5.4%

Note 17   EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share on net income (in thousands, except per 
share information):

Earnings:

Net income (numerator for basic and diluted calculations)

Shares:

Weighted average outstanding shares (denominator for basic calculations)

Equivalent shares from outstanding stock options

Diluted shares (denominator for diluted calculations)

Earnings per share:

Basic
Diluted

2017

2016

2015

1,822,181

$

701,443

$

502,166

64,427
1,326
65,753

64,274
715
64,989

$

28.28
27.71

$

10.91
10.79

66,553
739
67,292

7.55
7.46

$

$

The calculation of common equivalent shares does not include the impact of options having a strike or conversion price that 
exceeds the average stock price for the earnings period, as the result would be antidilutive. The calculation of common equivalent 

150

shares also excludes the impact of outstanding performance contingent shares, as the conditions necessary for their issuance have 
not been satisfied as of the end of the reporting period. Approximately 0.2 million and 0.3 million outstanding stock options were 
not included in the calculation of common equivalent shares during 2017 and 2015, respectively. During 2016, all outstanding 
options were included in the calculation of common equivalent shares.  Approximately 0.3 million, 0.4 million and 0.4 million
performance contingent shares were excluded from the calculation of common equivalent shares during 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.

Note 18   EQUITY
Common stock
The changes in number of common stock shares, issued, held in treasury and outstanding are as follows for the periods indicated:

Balance, December 31, 2014
Common Stock acquired
Stock-based compensation (1)

Balance, December 31, 2015
Common Stock acquired
Stock-based compensation (1)

Balance, December 31, 2016
Common Stock acquired
Stock-based compensation (1)

Balance, December 31, 2017

Issued

Held In Treasury

Outstanding

79,137,758
—
—
79,137,758
—
—
79,137,758
—
—
79,137,758

10,364,797
4,145,440
(577,005)
13,933,232
1,356,892
(454,868)
14,835,256
208,680
(358,273)
14,685,663

68,772,961
(4,145,440)
577,005
65,204,526
(1,356,892)
454,868
64,302,502
(208,680)
358,273
64,452,095

(1)  Represents net shares issued from treasury pursuant to the Company’s stock-based compensation programs.
Common stock held in treasury
Common stock held in treasury is accounted for at average cost.  Gains resulting from the reissuance of “Common stock held in 
treasury” are credited to “Additional paid-in capital.”  Losses resulting from the reissuance of “Common stock held in treasury” 
are charged first to “Additional paid-in capital” to the extent the Company has previously recorded gains on treasury share 
transactions, then to “Retained earnings.”
During 2015, RGA’s board of directors authorized and amended a share repurchase program, with no expiration date, to repurchase 
up to $450.0 million of RGA’s outstanding common stock.   In connection with this authorization, the board of directors terminated 
the stock repurchase authority granted in 2014.  During 2015, RGA repurchased 4,145,440 shares of common stock under this 
program for $375.3 million. 
During 2016, RGA’s board of directors authorized and amended a share repurchase program, with no expiration date, to repurchase 
up to $400.0 million of RGA’s outstanding common stock.   In connection with this authorization, the board of directors terminated 
the stock repurchase authority granted in 2015.  During 2016, RGA repurchased 1,356,892 shares of common stock under this 
program for $116.5 million. 
During 2017, RGA’s board of directors authorized and amended a share repurchase program, with no expiration date, to repurchase 
up to $400.0 million of RGA’s outstanding common stock.   In connection with this authorization, the board of directors terminated 
the stock repurchase authority granted in 2016.  During 2017, RGA repurchased 208,680 shares of common stock under this 
program for $26.9 million.  

151

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
The  following  table  presents  the  components  of  the  Company’s  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  for  the  years  ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):

$

$

$

$

 

$

For the year ended December 31, 2017:

Foreign currency translation adjustments:

Change arising during year
Foreign currency swap

Net foreign currency translation adjustments

Unrealized gains on investments:(1)

Unrealized net holding gains arising during the year
Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in net income
Net unrealized gains

Change in unrealized OTTI on fixed maturity securities
Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits:
Net prior service cost arising during the year
Net gain arising during the period

Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits, net

Other comprehensive income (loss)

For the year ended December 31, 2016:

Foreign currency translation adjustments:

Change arising during year
Foreign currency swap

Net foreign currency translation adjustments

Unrealized gains on investments:(1)

Unrealized net holding gains arising during the year
Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains realized in net income
Net unrealized gains

Change in unrealized OTTI on fixed maturity securities
Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits:
Net prior service cost arising during the year
Net gain arising during the period

Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits, net

Other comprehensive income (loss)

For the year ended December 31, 2015:

Foreign currency translation adjustments:

Change arising during year
Foreign currency swap

Net foreign currency translation adjustments

Unrealized losses on investments:(1)

Unrealized net holding losses arising during the year
Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses realized in net income

Net unrealized losses

Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits:
Net prior service cost arising during the year
Net loss arising during the period

Unrealized pension and postretirement benefits, net

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Before-Tax Amount

Tax (Expense) Benefit

After-Tax Amount

$

74,926
(47,953)
26,973

$

25,369
16,784
42,153

1,029,591
25,039
1,004,552
375

11,717
(10,587)
1,130
1,033,030

(313,729)
(7,011)
(306,718)
(131)

(4,095)
3,691
(404)

$

(265,100) $

100,295
(31,169)
69,126

715,862
18,028
697,834
244

7,622
(6,896)
726
767,930

Before-Tax Amount

Tax (Expense) Benefit

After-Tax Amount

$

39,925
(10,234)
29,691

641,606
65,798
575,808
1,457

444
4,427
4,871
611,827

$

 

(342,539) $

96,019
(246,520)

(1,084,732)
(55,767)
(1,028,965)

337
4,618
4,955

(24,663) $

3,582
(21,081)

(180,448)
(23,029)
(157,419)
(510)

(149)
(1,623)
(1,772)

(180,782) $

15,262
(6,652)
8,610

461,158
42,769
418,389
947

295
2,804
3,099
431,045

 

$

17,129
(33,607)
(16,478)

359,407
19,518
339,889

(107)
(1,619)
(1,726)
321,685

$

After-Tax Amount

(325,410)
62,412
(262,998)

(725,325)
(36,249)
(689,076)

230
2,999
3,229
(948,845)

Before-Tax Amount

Tax (Expense) Benefit

$

(1,270,530) $

(1) 

Includes cash flow hedges. See Note 5 for additional information on cash flow hedges.

152

A summary of the components of net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of balances carried at fair value is as follows (dollars 
in thousands):

For the years ended December 31,
Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on:

Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Other investments(1)

Effect on unrealized appreciation on:

Deferred policy acquisition costs

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)

2017

2016

2015

$

$

987,570
25,577

(8,220)
1,004,927

$

$

561,906
18,900

(3,541)
577,265

$

$

(1,055,458)
8,983

17,510
(1,028,965)

(1) 

Includes cash flow hedges. See Note 5 for additional information on cash flow hedges.

The balance of and changes in each component of AOCI were as follows (dollars in thousands):
 

Accumulated

Currency
Translation
Adjustments

Unrealized 
Appreciation 
(Depreciation) 
of Investments (1)

Pension and
Postretirement

Benefits

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Balance, December 31, 2014
OCI before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from AOCI
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)

Balance, December 31, 2015
OCI before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from AOCI
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)

Balance, December 31, 2016
OCI before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified from AOCI
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)
Adoption of new accounting standard

Balance, December 31, 2017

$

$

$

81,847
(246,520)
—
(16,478)
(181,151)
29,691
—
(21,081)
(172,541)
26,973
—
42,153
17,065
(86,350) $

1,624,773
(1,101,760)
72,795
339,889
935,697
646,887
(69,622)
(157,929)
1,355,033
1,039,387
(34,460)
(306,849)
147,550
2,200,661

$

$

(49,491) $
(1,248)
6,203
(1,726)
(46,262)
(951)
5,822
(1,772)
(43,163)
(4,273)
5,403
(404)
(8,243)
(50,680) $

1,657,129
(1,349,528)
78,998
321,685
708,284
675,627
(63,800)
(180,782)
1,139,329
1,062,087
(29,057)
(265,100)
156,372
2,063,631

(1) 

Includes cash flow hedges of $2,619, $(2,496) and $(29,397) as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. See Note 5 for additional information 
on cash flow hedges.

153

The following table presents the amounts of AOCI reclassifications for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollars in 
thousands):

Details about AOCI Components
Net unrealized investment gains (losses):
Net unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
OTTI on fixed maturity securities
Cash flow hedges - Interest rate
Cash flow hedges - Currency/Interest rate
Cash flow hedges - Forward bond purchase commitments
Deferred policy acquisition costs attributed to unrealized gains and
losses

Total

Provision for income taxes

Net unrealized gains (losses), net of tax

Amortization of defined benefit plan items:
Prior service cost (credit)
Actuarial gains/(losses)

Total

Provision for income taxes

Amortization of defined benefit plans, net of tax

$

$

$

$

Amount Reclassified from AOCI

2017

2016

25,039
—
(79)
380
900

8,220
34,460
(10,308)
24,152

$

$

$

971
(6,374)
(5,403)
1,891
(3,512) $

65,798
74
—
510
(301)

3,541
69,622
(17,672)
51,950

328
(6,150)
(5,822)
2,038
(3,784)

Affected Line Item in 
Statement of Income

Investment related gains (losses), net
Investment related gains (losses), net

(1)
(1)
(1)

(2)

(3)
(3)

$

$

48,166

20,640

Total reclassifications for the period
(1)  See Note 5 for information on cash flow hedges.
(2)  See Note 8 for information on deferred policy acquisition costs.
(3)  See Note 10 for information on employee benefit plans.
Equity Based Compensation
The Company adopted the RGA Flexible Stock Plan (the “Plan”) in February 1993, as amended, and the Flexible Stock Plan for 
Directors (the “Directors Plan”) in January 1997, as amended, (collectively, the “Stock Plans”). The Stock Plans provide for the 
award of benefits (collectively “Benefits”) of various types, including stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted 
stock, performance shares, cash awards, and other stock-based awards, to key employees, officers, directors and others performing 
significant services for the benefit of the Company or its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2017, shares authorized for the granting 
of Benefits under the Plan and the Directors Plan totaled 14,960,077 and 412,500 respectively. The Company uses treasury shares 
or shares made available from authorized but unissued shares to support the future exercise of options or settlement of awards 
granted under its stock plans.
Equity-based compensation expense of $22.3 million, $33.1 million, and $16.0 million related to grants or awards under the Stock 
Plans was recognized in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Equity-based compensation expense is principally related to the 
issuance of stock options, performance contingent restricted units, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock.
In general, options granted under the Plan become exercisable over vesting periods ranging from one to five years. Options are 
generally granted with an exercise price equal to the stock’s fair value at the date of grant and expire 10 years after the date of 
grant. There are no options outstanding under the Directors Plan during the periods presented.  Information with respect to grants 
under the Stock Plans follows.
Stock Options
The following table presents a summary of stock option activity:

  
Outstanding December 31, 2016
Granted
Exercised
Forfeited
Outstanding December 31, 2017
Options exercisable

Number of Options
$
2,573,223
171,388
$
(430,429) $
(4,413) $
$
$

2,309,769
1,700,629

Weighted-Average

Exercise Price

Aggregate Intrinsic
Value (in millions)

68.70
129.72
58.07
87.15
75.17
66.04

$
$

186.5
152.9

The intrinsic value of options exercised was $42.1 million, $41.4 million, and $26.2 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

154

 

Range of Exercise Prices
  $0.00 - $49.99
$50.00 - $59.99
$60.00 - $69.99
$70.00 - $79.99
$90.00 +
Totals

Number 

Outstanding as
of 12/31/2017

245,264
902,246
839
190,137
971,283
2,309,769

Options Outstanding
Weighted-Average

Remaining

Contractual Life (years)
1.7
4.4
5.2
6.2
8.1
5.8

Weighted-

Average Exercise

Price

Options Exercisable

Number

Exercisable as of

12/31/2017

Weighted-Average

Exercise Price

$
$
$
$
$
$

40.54
58.23
60.24
78.48
99.02
75.17

245,264
902,246
839
190,137
362,143
1,700,629

$
$
$
$
$
$

The following table presents the weighted average assumptions used to determine the fair value of stock options issued:

For the years ended December 31,

Dividend yield
Risk-free rate of return
Expected volatility
Expected life (years)
Weighted average exercise price of stock options granted
Weighted average fair value of stock options granted

2017

2016

2015

1.26%
2.32%
22.8%
7.0
129.72
31.57

$
$

$
$

1.58%
1.69%
28.1%
7.0
93.53
24.52

$
$

40.54
58.23
60.24
78.48
96.22
66.04

1.47%
2.04%
35.0%
7.0
91.65
30.50

The Black-Scholes model was used to determine the fair value recognized in the financial statements of stock options that have 
been granted. The Company used daily historical volatility when calculating stock option values. The benchmark rate is based on 
observed interest rates for instruments with maturities similar to the expected term of the stock options. Dividend yield is determined 
based on historical dividend distributions compared to the price of the underlying common stock as of the valuation date and held 
constant over the life of the stock options.  The Company estimated expected life using the historical average years to exercise or 
cancellation. 
Performance Shares
Performance shares, also referred to as performance contingent units (“PCUs”), are units that, if they vest, are multiplied by a 
performance factor to produce a number of final PCUs which are paid in the Company’s common stock.  Each PCU represents 
the right to receive up to two shares of Company common stock, depending on the results of certain performance measures over 
a three-year period. The compensation expense related to the PCUs is recognized ratably over the requisite performance period. 
Performance shares are accounted for as equity awards, but are not credited with dividend-equivalents for actual dividends paid 
on the Company’s common stock during the performance period.
Restricted Stock Units
In general, restricted stock units (“RSUs”) become payable at the end of a three- or ten-year vesting period.  Each RSU, if they 
vest, represents the right to receive one share of Company common stock. RSUs awarded under the plan generally have no strike 
price and are included in the Company’s shares outstanding.
The following table presents a summary of Performance Share and Restricted Stock Unit activity:

  
Outstanding December 31, 2016
Granted
Paid
Forfeited
Outstanding December 31, 2017

Performance

Contingent Units    
585,971
115,176
(137,083)
(100,805)
463,259

Restricted Stock

Units

96,628
22,971
(38,843)
(3,398)
77,358

During 2017, the Company issued 115,176 PCUs to key employees at a weighted average fair value per unit of $129.72.  In May 
2017 and May 2016, RGA’s board of directors approved a 0.75 and 0.40 share payout for each PCU granted in 2014 and 2013, 
resulting in the issuance of 137,083 and 94,436 shares of common stock from treasury, respectively.
As of December 31, 2017, the total compensation cost of non-vested awards not yet recognized in the financial statements was 
$26.3 million. It is estimated that these costs will vest over a weighted average period of 1.5 years.
The majority of the awards granted each year under the board-approved incentive compensation package and Directors Plan are 
made in the first quarter of each year.

155

Note 19   QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)
 

Years Ended December 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)
2017
Total Revenues
Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes
Net Income
Earnings Per Share:

Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

2016
Total Revenues
Total benefits and expenses
Income before income taxes
Net Income
Earnings Per Share:

Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share

 
 

$

$

$

$

 
 

$

$

$

$

First

3,008,740
2,800,896
207,844
145,512

2.26
2.22

First

2,512,568
2,404,988
107,580
76,472

1.18
1.17

 
 

$

$

$

$

Second

3,129,276
2,789,961
339,315
232,190

3.60
3.54

Second

3,039,068
2,685,845
353,223
236,103

3.68
3.64

 
 

$

$

$

$

Third

3,145,310
2,805,148
340,162
227,591

3.53
3.47

Third

2,900,577
2,612,977
287,600
198,719

3.10
3.07

Fourth

3,232,443
2,976,949
255,494
1,216,888

18.89
18.49

Fourth

3,069,298
2,773,755
295,543
190,149

2.96
2.92

156

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
Chesterfield, Missouri

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated and subsidiaries 
(the "Company") as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, 
stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes, and 
the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial 
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and 
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the criteria established in 
Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway 
Commission and our report dated February 27, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over 
financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits. We 
are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error 
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether 
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial 
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
February 27, 2018 

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2000.

157

Item 9.        CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING 
                   AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

 

Item 9A.        CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation 
of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) as of the end of the period covered 
by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure 
controls and procedures were effective.

There was no change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) 
during the quarter ended December 31, 2017, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s 
internal control over financial reporting.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial 
reporting. In fulfilling this responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits 
and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not 
absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed 
in accordance with management’s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Financial management has documented and evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control of the Company as of 
December 31, 2017 pertaining to financial reporting in accordance with the criteria established in “Internal Control – Integrated 
Framework (2013)” by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In  the  opinion  of  management,  the  Company  maintained  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of 

December 31, 2017.

Deloitte &  Touche  LLP,  an  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  has  issued  an  attestation  report  on  the 

effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

158

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
Chesterfield, Missouri

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Reinsurance Group of Americas Incorporated and subsidiaries 
(the “Company”) as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued 
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, 
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established 
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2017, of the Company and our report 
dated February 27, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement 
schedules.

Basis of Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment 
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on 
Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over 
financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent 
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable 
basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

St. Louis, Missouri
February 27, 2018 

159

Item 9B.         OTHER INFORMATION

None.

Part III

Item 10.         DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information with respect to Directors of the Company is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement under the 
captions “Nominees and Continuing Directors” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance”. The Proxy 
Statement will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company’s fiscal year.

Executive Officers

The following is certain additional information concerning each individual who is an executive officer of the Company 

or its primary U.S.-based operating subsidiary, RGA Reinsurance Company.

John W. Hayden, 51, is Senior Vice President, Controller.  Mr. Hayden joined the Company in March 2000 and held the 
position of Vice President, SEC Reporting and Investor Relations prior to his current role.  Before coming to RGA, Mr. Hayden 
served in a finance position at General American Life Insurance Company and prior to that position, he was a senior manager at 
KPMG LLP, in the financial services audit practice, specializing in the insurance industry.  Mr. Hayden also serves as a director 
and officer of several RGA subsidiaries.

William L. Hutton, 58, is Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company.  He is responsible 
for legal services provided throughout the RGA enterprise.  Mr. Hutton joined the Company in 2001 and held several positions in 
the legal function before becoming General Counsel in 2011.  Prior to joining the Company, he served as counsel at General 
American Life Insurance Company and was in private practice with two law firms in St. Louis, Missouri.  Mr. Hutton also serves 
as an officer of several RGA subsidiaries.

Todd C. Larson, 54, is Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Larson joined the Company in May 
1995 as Controller and held several positions in the finance function, including the position of Executive Vice President, Corporate 
Finance and Treasurer, before becoming Global Chief Risk Officer in July 2014.  Mr. Larson assumed the role of Chief Financial 
Officer in May 2016.  Mr. Larson previously was Assistant Controller at Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company from 
1994 through 1995 and prior to that position was an accountant for KPMG LLP from 1985 through 1993.  Mr. Larson also serves 
as a director and officer of several RGA subsidiaries.

John P. Laughlin, 63, is Executive Vice President of Global Financial Solutions (“GFS”). He is also a member of the 
Company’s Executive Council. Mr. Laughlin joined the Company in 1995 through a joint venture acquisition that ultimately 
became RGA Financial Group, L.L.C. Mr. Laughlin heads the Company’s GFS unit, which is responsible for all of RGA’s financial 
reinsurance, asset-intensive reinsurance and bulk longevity business worldwide. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Laughlin 
worked at ITT Financial Corporation and Liberty Financial Management. Mr. Laughlin also serves as a director and officer of 
several RGA subsidiaries.

Anna Manning, 59, is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  Prior to her current role, Ms. Manning 
held the position of Senior Executive Vice President, Structured Solutions, which includes the Company’s Global Financial 
Solutions and Global Acquisitions businesses.  She is a member of RGA’s Executive Council.  Ms. Manning joined the Company 
in 2007 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for RGA International Corporation, followed by four years as 
Executive Vice President of U.S. Markets.  Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Manning spent 19 years in actuarial consulting at 
Tillinghast Towers Perrin, following an actuarial career in the Canadian marketplace at Manulife Financial from 1981 through 
1988.  She is a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries (“FCIA”), and a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries (“FSA”).

Timothy Matson, 59, is Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer.  He is also a member of the Company’s 
Executive Council.  Mr. Matson joined the Company in August, 2014 and is responsible for directing RGA’s investment policy 
and strategy, and for managing the company’s global asset portfolio. Before joining the Company, he held investment management 
positions with Aetna and ING, in both the U.S. and Asia, and was the Chief Investment Officer of Cathay Conning Asset Management 
(“CCAM”), a joint venture based in Hong Kong. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and a member of the CFA Society of St. 
Louis.  Mr. Matson also serves as a director and officer of several RGA subsidiaries.

Alain Néemeh, 50, is Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. He is also a member of the Company’s 
Executive Council. Prior to his current role, Mr. Néemeh was Senior Executive Vice President, Global Life and Health, a position 
he held since 2014. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Néemeh was President and Chief Executive Officer of RGA Life Reinsurance Company 
of Canada (“RGA Canada”). In addition, from 2012, Mr. Néemeh had executive responsibility for the Company’s Australia and 

160

New Zealand operations. Prior to this, he served as Executive Vice President, Operations, and Chief Financial Officer of RGA 
Canada from 2001, having joined the finance area in 1997 from KPMG LLP, where he provided audit and other services to a 
variety of clients in the financial services, manufacturing and retail sectors. Mr. Néemeh also serves as a director and officer of 
several RGA subsidiaries.

Jonathan Porter, 47, is Executive Vice President and Global Chief Risk Officer. Mr. Porter is responsible for the Company’s 
global enterprise risk management and corporate pricing oversight. Prior to his current role, Mr. Porter previously served in 
positions of Senior Vice President, Global Analytics and In-Force Management and Chief Pricing Actuary of International Markets. 
Before joining the Company in 2008, Mr. Porter worked for Manulife Financial as Chief Financial Officer, U.S. Life Insurance. 
Mr. Porter holds FSA and FCIA designations. Mr. Porter also serves as a director and officer of several RGA subsidiaries.

Corporate Governance

The Company has adopted a Principles of Ethical Business Conduct (the “Principles”), a Directors’ Code of Conduct 
(the “Directors’ Code”), and a Financial Management Code of Professional Conduct (the “Financial Management Code”). The 
Principles apply to all employees and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Directors’ Code applies to directors of the 
Company and its subsidiaries. The Financial Management Code applies to the Company’s chief executive officer, chief financial 
officer, corporate controller, primary financial officers in each business unit, and all professionals in finance and finance-related 
departments. The Company intends to satisfy its disclosure obligations under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K by posting on its website 
information about amendments to, or waivers from a provision of the Financial Management Code that applies to the Company’s 
chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and corporate controller. Each of the three Codes described above is available on 
the Company’s website at www.rgare.com.

Also  available  on  the  Company’s  website  are  the  following  other  items:  Corporate  Governance  Guidelines, Audit 
Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Nominating and Governance Committee Charter and Finance, Investment 
and Risk Management Committee Charter (collectively “Governance Documents”).

The Company will provide without charge upon written or oral request, a copy of any of the Codes of Conduct or 
Governance Documents. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations, Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated, 16600 
Swingley Ridge Road, Chesterfield, MO 63017, by electronic mail (investrelations@rgare.com) or by telephone (636-736-2068).

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company’s board of directors has established a standing 
audit committee. The board of directors has determined, in its judgment, that all of the members of the audit committee are 
independent within the meaning of SEC regulations and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). The 
board of directors has determined, in its judgment, that Messrs. Boot and Danahy and Ms. Guinn are qualified as audit committee 
financial experts within the meaning of SEC regulations and the board has determined that each of them has accounting and related 
financial management expertise within the meaning of the listing standards of the NYSE. The audit committee charter provides 
that members of the audit committee may not simultaneously serve on the audit committee of more than two other public companies 
unless such member demonstrates that he or she has the ability to devote the time and attention that are required to serve on multiple 
audit committees.

Additional information with respect to Directors and Executive Officers of the Company is incorporated by reference to 
the Proxy Statement under the captions “Nominees and Continuing Directors”, “Board of Directors and Committees”, and “Section 
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.”

161

Item 11.         EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information on this subject is found in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”, 
“Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report” and “Director Compensation” and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company’s fiscal year.

Item 12.         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND 
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS

Information of this subject is found in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Securities Ownership of Directors, 
Management and Certain Beneficial Owners”, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed pursuant 
to Regulations 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company’s fiscal year.

The following table summarizes information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation 

plans:

Number of securities to be issued

upon exercise of outstanding
options, warrants and rights

Weighted-average exercise
price of outstanding  options,

warrants and rights

Number of securities remaining

available for future issuance

under equity compensation plans
(excluding securities reflected in

column (a))

Plan Category

(a)

(b)

(c)

2,893,715 (1)

$75.17 (2) (3)

2,435,314 (4)

Equity compensation plans approved by
security holders
Equity compensation plans not approved by
security holders

Total

—
2,435,314 (4)
Includes the number of securities to be issued upon exercises under the following plans: Flexible Stock Plan - 2,850,386; and Phantom Stock Plan for 
Directors – 43,329.

—
2,893,715 (1)

—
$75.17 (2) (3)

(1) 

(2)  Does not include 463,259 performance contingent units outstanding under the Flexible Stock Plan or 43,329 phantom units outstanding under the Phantom 
Stock Plan for Directors because those securities do not have an exercise price (i.e. a unit is a hypothetical share of Company common stock with a value 
equal to the fair market value of the common stock).

(3)  Reflects the blended weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under the Flexible Stock Plan $75.17.
(4) 

Includes the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the following plans: Flexible Stock Plan– 2,328,032; Flexible Stock Plan 
for Directors – 74,378; and Phantom Stock Plan for Directors – 32,904.

Item 13.         CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE

Information on this subject is found in the Proxy Statement under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Person 
Transactions” and “Director Independence” and incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed pursuant to 
Regulation 14A within 120 days of the end of the Company’s fiscal year.

Item 14.         PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information on this subject is found in the Proxy Statement under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of the 
Independent Auditor” and incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 
120 days of the end of the Company’s fiscal year.

162

Item 15.         EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a)  1.     Financial Statements

The following consolidated statements are included within Item 8 under the following captions:

Index
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

2.     Schedules, Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated and Subsidiaries

 

Schedule
I
II
III
IV
V

Summary of Investments
Condensed Financial Information of the Registrant
Supplementary Insurance Information
Reinsurance
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Page
85
86
87
88
89

90-156

157

Page
164

165-166
167-168

169
170

All other schedules specified in Regulation S-X are omitted for the reason that they are not required, are not applicable, 
or that equivalent information has been included in the consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, appearing in Item 8.

3.     Exhibits

See the Index to Exhibits on page 172.

Item 16.         FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

163

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

SCHEDULE I-SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS-OTHER THAN

INVESTMENTS IN RELATED PARTIES

December 31, 2017 

(in millions)

 

Type of Investment
Fixed maturity securities:
Bonds:

United States government and government agencies and authorities
State and political subdivisions
Foreign governments(2)
Public utilities
Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities
All other corporate bonds

Total fixed maturity securities

Equity securities:

Non-redeemable preferred stock
Other equity securities

Total equity securities

Mortgage loans on real estate
Policy loans
Funds withheld at interest
Short-term investments
Other invested assets

Total investments

Cost

Fair Value

Amount at Which 

Shown in the Balance 

Sheets(1)

$

$

$

1,953
648
6,098
2,454
4,615
19,513
35,281

42
61
103
4,401
1,358
6,083
93
1,505
48,824

1,944
703
7,621
2,649
4,672
20,562
38,151

40
60
100

$

$

1,944
703
7,621
2,649
4,672
20,562
38,151

40
60
100
4,401
1,358
6,083
93
1,505
51,691

 
(1)  Fixed maturity securities are classified as available-for-sale and carried at fair value.
(2) 

Includes fixed maturities directly issued by foreign governments, supranational and foreign government-sponsored enterprises.

164

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

SCHEDULE II—CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE REGISTRANT

December 31,

(dollars in thousands)

 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

Assets:

Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at fair value
Short-term and other investments
Cash and cash equivalents
Investment in subsidiaries
Loans to subsidiaries
Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and stockholders’ equity:
Long-term debt - unaffiliated(1)
Long-term debt - affiliated(2)
Other liabilities
Stockholders’ equity

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

Interest / dividend income(3)
Investment related gains (losses), net
Operating expenses
Interest expense

Income (loss) before income tax and undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Income tax expense (benefit)

Net income (loss) before undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Total comprehensive income

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$

$

$

710,303
54,517
15,176
12,043,911
1,010,000
234,707
14,068,614

2,775,579
500,000
1,223,500
9,569,535
14,068,614

131,067
(5,187)
(20,517)
(177,417)
(72,054)
65,882
(137,936)
1,960,117
1,822,181
(7,672)
1,814,509

$

$

$

$

$

$

1,154,559
245,478
43,718
9,209,700
1,050,000
258,379
11,961,834

3,073,249
500,000
1,295,503
7,093,082
11,961,834

602,830
203
(20,742)
(168,924)
413,367
(23,911)
437,278
264,165
701,443
5,531
706,974

$

$

321,645
(324)
(13,652)
(176,364)
131,305
(19,465)
150,770
351,396
502,166
44,073
546,239

The condensed financial information of RGA (the “Parent Company”) should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of RGA and its 
subsidiaries and the notes thereto (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”). These condensed unconsolidated financial statements reflect the results of operations, 
financial position and cash flows for RGA. Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(1)  Long-term debt - unaffiliated consists of the following:

$300 million 5.625% Senior Notes due 2017
$400 million 6.45% Senior Notes due 2019
$400 million 5.00% Senior Notes due 2021
$400 million 4.70% Senior Notes due 2023
$400 million 3.95% Senior Notes due 2026
$400 million 6.20% Subordinated Debentures due 2042
$400 million 5.75% Subordinated Debentures due 2056
$400 million Variable Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2065

Subtotal

Unamortized debt issue costs

Total

2017

2016

$

$

— $

399,873
399,245
399,138
399,987
400,000
400,000
398,670
2,796,913
(21,334)
2,775,579

$

299,945
399,805
399,025
398,986
399,985
400,000
400,000
398,667
3,096,413
(23,164)
3,073,249

Repayments of long-term debt—unaffiliated due over the next five years total $400,000 in 2019 and $400,000 in 2021.

(2)  Long-term debt—affiliated in 2017 and 2016 and consists of $500,000 of subordinated debt issued to various operating subsidiaries.

(3) 

Interest/Dividend income includes $478,602 and $196,445 of cash dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries in 2016 and 2015, respectively. In 2017 
there were no cash dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries.

165

SCHEDULE II—CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE REGISTRANT (continued)

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

December 31,

(dollars in thousands)

 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Operating activities:

Net income
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries
Other, net

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

Investing activities:

Sales of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Purchases of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale
Repayments/issuances of loans to subsidiaries
Purchase of a business, net of cash acquired of $529
Change in short-term investments
Change in other invested assets
Capital contributions to subsidiaries

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

Financing activities:

Dividends to stockholders
Purchases of treasury stock
Exercise of stock options, net
Net change in cash collateral for loaned securities
Principal payments on debt
Proceeds from unaffiliated long-term debt issuance
Debt issuance costs

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
Net change in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Supplementary information:

Cash paid for interest
Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$
$

$

1,822,181
(1,960,117)
57,677
(80,259)

$

701,443
(264,165)
(63,795)
373,483

514,508
(75,000)
40,000
—
—
125,506
(62,500)
542,514

(117,291)
(43,508)
7,292
(37,290)
(300,000)
—
—
(490,797)
(28,542)
43,718
15,176

185,554
8,248

$

$
$

228,383
(984,397)
20,000
—
102,508
(109,914)
(314,142)
(1,057,562)

(100,371)
(122,916)
15,321
105,093
—
799,984
(8,766)
688,345
4,266
39,452
43,718

169,860
1,500

$

$
$

502,166
(351,396)
486,159
636,929

100,734
(52,698)
(10,000)
(3,701)
(102,508)
(7,542)
(103,832)
(179,547)

(93,381)
(384,519)
11,151
—
—
—
—
(466,749)
(9,367)
48,819
39,452

165,775
(120,680)

166

 

 

 
2017

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

2016

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

SCHEDULE III—SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION

(dollars in thousands)

Deferred Policy
Acquisition Costs

As of December 31,

Future Policy Benefits  and
Interest-Sensitive Contract

Liabilities

Other Policy Claims and

Benefits Payable

$

$

$

$

1,818,572
405,623

$

11,343,921
15,127,529

$

212,345
—

229,150
—

552,947
21,187
—
3,239,824

1,818,211
582,031

201,149
—

206,837
—

512,123
18,254
—
3,338,605

$

$

$

3,041,790
27,908

1,075,786
4,741,983

1,611,633
1,118,012
502,321
38,590,883

10,990,560
13,074,231

2,713,510
29,531

913,351
3,457,196

1,288,642
641,614
502,292
33,610,927

$

$

$

1,814,018
17,876

206,655
1,040

882,744
38,044

2,017,920
6,885
6,892
4,992,074

1,659,473
20,352

200,246
4,599

740,218
46,761

1,563,707
19,643
8,027
4,263,026

167

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

SCHEDULE III—SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION (continued)

(dollars in thousands)

 

 

2017

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

2016

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

2015

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

Premium Income

Net Investment

Income

Year ended December 31,

Policyholder
Benefits and

Interest Credited

Amortization of

DAC

Other Operating

Expenses

$

$

$

$

$

$

5,356,321
23,683

$

728,073
778,473

$

4,842,412
458,368

$

191,725
185,280

$

901,976
38,229

1,301,640
163,720

2,053,029
2,419
113
9,841,130

5,249,571
24,349

928,642
38,701

1,140,062
180,271

1,681,505
5,428
342
9,248,871

4,806,706
22,177

838,894
37,969

1,121,540
171,830

1,551,586
19,474
565
8,570,741

$

$

$

$

$

189,018
5,115

55,511
123,258

91,675
34,529
148,999
2,154,651

699,833
631,097

178,927
2,692

50,301
125,282

83,049
23,648
117,057
1,911,886

636,779
566,180

182,621
1,436

51,370
73,432

80,549
18,678
123,450
1,734,495

$

$

$

$

$

757,912
29,639

1,096,211
153,874

1,635,728
40,467
6,346
9,020,957

4,717,850
333,107

707,428
36,275

999,005
178,014

1,345,951
37,976
2,460
8,358,066

4,444,196
310,464

670,477
29,251

979,225
161,917

1,208,984
20,766
1,066
7,826,346

$

$

$

$

$

12,426
—

20,570
—

91,477
1,388
—
502,866

177,255
133,501

10,621
—

33,795
—

24,597
1,423
—
381,192

131,439
40,416

11,299
—

39,164
—

7,373
185
—
229,876

$

$

$

$

$

692,600
105,146

212,964
2,656

174,808
33,683

334,695
18,790
273,789
1,849,131

698,762
90,458

265,250
2,718

132,290
24,497

286,674
19,920
217,738
1,738,307

653,620
85,022

217,061
1,881

123,943
16,304

316,346
16,011
186,973
1,617,161

168

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED 

SCHEDULE IV—REINSURANCE 

(in millions) 

 

As of or for the Year ended December 31,

Gross Amount

Ceded to Other

Companies

Assumed from
Other Companies

Net Amounts

Percentage of

Amount Assumed

to Net

2017
Life insurance in force
Premiums

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

2016
Life insurance in force
Premiums

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

2015
Life insurance in force
Premiums

U.S. and Latin America operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Canada operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Europe, Middle East and Africa operations:

Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Asia Pacific operations:
Traditional operations
Financial Solutions operations

Corporate and Other

Total

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

3,297,275

5,936.2
19.4

940.1
38.2

1,310.0
288.5

2,107.5
2.4
0.1
10,642.4

3,062,525

5,834.0
63.0

965.1
38.7

1,146.9
264.4

1,731.8
5.4
0.3
10,049.6

2,995,079

5,384.3
58.1

881.2
38.0

1,136.3
260.8

1,592.6
19.5
0.5
9,371.3

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

3,093,208

106.6%

5,356.3
23.7

902.0
38.2

1,301.7
163.7

2,053.0
2.4
0.1
9,841.1

110.8%
81.9

104.2
100.0

100.6
176.2

102.7
100.0
100.0
108.1

2,849,374

107.5%

5,249.6
24.4

928.6
38.7

1,140.1
180.3

1,681.5
5.4
0.3
9,248.9

111.1%
258.2

103.9
100.0

100.6
146.6

103.0
100.0
100.0
108.7

2,774,377

108.0%

4,806.7
22.2

838.9
38.0

1,121.5
171.8

1,551.6
19.5
0.5
8,570.7

112.0%
261.7

105.0
100.0

101.3
151.8

102.6
100.0
100.0
109.3

205,529

610.4
—

38.1
—

34.9
125.0

54.5
—
—
862.9

214,727

616.0
40.2

36.5
—

30.9
84.4

50.3
—
—
858.3

222,388

607.0
38.8

42.3
—

25.5
89.1

41.0
—
—
843.7

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

1,462

30.5
4.3

—
—

26.6
0.2

—
—
—
61.6

1,576

31.6
1.6

—
—

24.1
0.3

—
—
—
57.6

1,686

29.4
2.9

—
—

10.7
0.1

—
—
—
43.1

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

169

REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA, INCORPORATED

SCHEDULE V—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

(in millions)

 

Description

2017
Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes
Valuation allowance for mortgage loans
2016
Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes
Valuation allowance for mortgage loans
2015
Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes
Valuation allowance for mortgage loans

$

$

$

Additions

Balance at
Beginning of

Period

  Charged to Costs  

and Expenses

Charged to Other  

Accounts

Deductions

Balance at End of

Period

$

$

$

133.4
7.7

127.1
6.8

112.0
6.5

$

$

$

88.5
1.7

11.0
0.9

23.7
0.3

$

10.6
—

(4.7) $
—

(8.6) $
—

$

5.6
—

— $
—

— $
—

226.9
9.4

133.4
7.7

127.1
6.8

170

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 

this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated.

By:

/s/ Anna Manning

 
  Anna Manning
 

President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons 

on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 27, 2018.
 

  Date:     February 27, 2018

                         Signatures                    

 
 

/s/ J. Cliff Eason        
J. Cliff Eason
/s/ Anna Manning

 
  Anna Manning

/s/ William J. Bartlett

 
  William J. Bartlett

 
 

/s/ Arnoud W.A. Boot

 
  Arnoud W.A. Boot
/s/ John F. Danahy
John F. Danahy
/s/ Christine R. Detrick

 
  Christine R. Detrick
/s/ Patricia L. Guinn

 
  Patricia L. Guinn

/s/ Alan C. Henderson

 
  Alan C. Henderson

/s/ Frederick J. Sievert

 
  Frederick J. Sievert
/s/ Stanley B. Tulin

 
  Stanley B. Tulin

/s/ Todd C. Larson

 
  Todd C. Larson
 

   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018
  

   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018*
  
   February 27, 2018
  
  

   February 27, 2018

*

  By: /s/ Todd C. Larson
 

Todd C. Larson         Attorney-in-fact

Title
Chairman of the Board and Director

President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Senior Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer (Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer)

 

  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  

  
  

  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  

  
  
  

  
  

171

 

Exhibit
Number

3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

4.8

4.9

4.10

4.11

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Index to Exhibits

Description

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2008 (File No. 1-11848)

Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 
8-K filed on July 18, 2014 (File No. 1-11848) 

Form of stock certificate for RGA’s common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to RGA’s 
Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on November 17, 2008

Form of Senior Indenture between RGA and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-55304), filed on 
February 9, 2001, as amended (the “Original S-3”)

Second Supplemental Senior Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2007, between RGA and The Bank of 
New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2007 (File No. 1-11848)

Third Supplemental Senior Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2009, between RGA and The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, incorporated 
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2009 (File No. 
1-11848)

Fourth Supplemental Senior Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2011, between RGA and The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to The Bank of New York, incorporated 
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2011 (File No. 1-11848)

Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2012, between RGA and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust 
Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K 
filed on August 21, 2012 (File No. 1-11848)

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 21, 2012, between RGA and The Bank of New York 
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report 
on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2012 (File No. 1-11848)

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2013, between RGA and The Bank of 
New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2013 (File No. 1-11848)

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2016, between RGA and The Bank of New York 
Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report 
on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2016 (File No. 1-11848)

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2016, between the Company and The Bank of 
New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8, 2016 (File No. 1-11848)

Form of Junior Subordinated Indenture between RGA and The Bank of New York, as Trustee, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Original S-3

172

4.12

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

Form of Second Supplemental Junior Subordinated Indenture between RGA and The Bank of New 
York, as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
December 9, 2005 (File No. 1-11848)

Credit Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2014, among RGA, the lenders named therein, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Bank of 
America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Joint 
Syndication Agents and Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, KeyBank 
National Association, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi 
UFJ, Ltd. and UBS AG, Stamford Branch as Co-Documentation Agents, incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2014 (File No. 1-11848)

Letter of Credit Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2017, by and between RGA and 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed May 19, 2017 (File No. 1-11848)

RGA Annual Bonus Plan, effective May 21, 2008, as amended and restated, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2012 (file No. 1-11848), filed on March 1, 2013*

RGA Flexible Stock Plan as amended and restated effective July 1, 1998 and as further amended by 
Amendment on March 16, 2000, Second Amendment on May 28, 2003, Third Amendment on May 
26, 2004, Fourth Amendment on May 23, 2007, Fifth Amendment on May 21, 2008, Sixth 
Amendment on May 8, 2011, Seventh Amendment on May 18, 2011, and Eighth Amendment on 
May 15, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
period ended June 30, 2013 (File No. 1-11848), filed on August 5, 2013*

Form of RGA Flexible Stock Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2004 (File No. 1-11848)*

Form of RGA Flexible Stock Plan Performance Contingent Share Agreement, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2012 
(File No. 1-11848), filed on May 7, 2012*

Form of Flexible Stock Plan Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2011 (File No. 1-11848)*

Form of Flexible Stock Plan Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 
1-11848), filed on May 7, 2012*

RGA Flexible Stock Plan, as amended and restated effective May 23, 2017*

RGA Flexible Stock Plan for Directors, as amended and restated effective May 28, 2003, 
incorporated by reference to Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the annual meeting of 
shareholders on May 28, 2003, filed on April 10, 2003*

RGA Flexible Stock Plan for Directors, as amended and restated effective May 23, 2017*

RGA Phantom Stock Plan for Directors, as amended effective January 1, 2003, incorporated by 
reference to Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the annual meeting of shareholders on May 28, 
2003, filed on April 10, 2003*

RGA Phantom Stock Plan for Directors, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2016, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended 
September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-11848), filed on November 4, 2015*

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

173

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

10.22

10.23

10.24

12.1

21.1

23.1

24.1

31.1

RGA Phantom Stock Plan for Directors, as amended and restated effective May 23, 2017*

Offer Letter, dated October 29, 2015, between RGA and Anna Manning, incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2015 (File No. 1-11848)*

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, effective December 1, 2015, between RGA and 
Anna Manning, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
November 24, 2015 (File No. 1-11848)*

Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement, effective December 1, 2015, between RGA and 
Alain Néemeh, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
November 24, 2015 (File No. 1-11848)*

Form of Performance Contingent Share Agreement between RGA and A. Greig Woodring, effective 
March 4, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
March 8, 2016 (File No. 1-11848)*

Letter Agreement, dated December 21, 2016, between RGA and A. Greig Woodring, incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2016 (File No. 
1-11848)*

RGA Reinsurance Company Augmented Benefit Plan, as amended*

RGA Reinsurance Company Executive Deferred Savings Plan, as amended*

Canadian Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Executive Employees of RGA Life 
Reinsurance Company of Canada, as amended and restated as of August 1, 2015*

Directors’ Compensation Summary Sheet*

Form of Directors’ Indemnification Agreement*

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

Subsidiaries of RGA

Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

Powers of Attorney for Messrs. Bartlett, Boot, Danahy, Eason, Henderson, Sievert and Tulin and 
Mses. Detrick and Guinn

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

174

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

31.2

32.1

32.2

101.INS

101.SCH

101.CAL

101.LAB

101.PRE

101.DEF

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

XBRL Instance Document

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

* Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant 
to Item 15 of this Report.

175

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

(This page intentionally left blank) 

Shareholder Information 
Transfer Agent: 
Computershare  
P.O. Box 505000 
Louisville, KY 40233 
T 866-204-0209 
http://www.computershare.com/investor 
 
 
Independent Auditors: 
Deloitte and Touche LLP 

 

 
 

Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated files with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission an Annual Report 
(Form 10-K). 
 
Shareholders may obtain a copy of the Form 10-K without 
charge by writing to: 
 
Jeff Hopson 
Senior Vice President – Investor Relations 
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated 
16600 Swingley Ridge Road 
Chesterfield, Missouri 63017-1706 
U.S.A. 
 
Shareholders may contact us through our internet site at 
http://www.rgare.com or may email us at 
investrelations@rgare.com 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

(This page intentionally left blank) 

16600 Swingley Ridge Road
Chesterfield, Missouri 63017-1706  U.S.A.

www.rgare.com

