24SEP201812505633

(cid:129) Letter to Stockholders
(cid:129) Notice of 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(cid:129) Proxy Statement
(cid:129) 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K

September 27, 2018
Dear Fellow Stockholders:

24SEP201812505633

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the ‘‘Board’’) of Rite Aid Corporation (‘‘Rite Aid’’ or the

‘‘Company’’), we want to take this opportunity to invite you to attend our 2018 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. The meeting will be held at 8:30 a.m., local time, on Tuesday, October 30, 2018, at the
New York Marriott Marquis, 1535 Broadway, New York, NY 10036. At the meeting, stockholders will
vote on the proposals set forth in the Notice of Annual Meeting and the accompanying proxy
statement.

As a Board, our focus remains on taking actions to best position Rite Aid for the long term in the

face of the various industry, economic and company-specific challenges. Our top priorities include
continuing to engage with our stockholders, executing on Rite Aid’s strategic plan and creating
long-term stockholder value. Rite Aid’s network of conveniently located retail pharmacies, our
EnvisionRxOptions Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) company and our trusted brand of health
and wellness offerings provide a strong foundation to create long-term value for our stockholders.

Since the termination of the Albertsons transaction, our Board has spearheaded a campaign to

have our independent directors engage with our stockholders. Independent directors and management
together have reached out to 11 of our largest stockholders, owning in the aggregate approximately
38% of our shares, and independent directors have engaged directly with six of these stockholders to
date, owning in the aggregate approximately 29% of our shares. In addition, management has
communicated with many retail stockholders and received their feedback. We greatly value the
insightful input about Rite Aid that our stockholders have provided in these and other exchanges.
Based on the feedback we received, and consistent with our commitment to align Rite Aid’s

interests with those of our stockholders, we are making several changes to strengthen and enhance the
Board’s governance oversight. First, the Board has decided to separate the positions of Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, and Bruce G. Bodaken will hold the position of Chairman effective at the
2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board also has significantly accelerated its efforts to change
the composition of the Board. As part of that refreshment process, three of our current eight
independent directors will not be standing for re-election and we are nominating three new
independent directors—Robert E. Knowling, Jr., Louis P. Miramontes and Arun Nayar. These changes
will bring fresh perspectives to the opportunities and challenges before us. Our new director nominees,
Bob, Lou and Arun, also bring public company experience, strategic planning skills and financial
expertise to the Board. We are committed to continuing the Board refreshment process over the next
year to ensure we have the right mix of experience, expertise and fresh perspectives to guide Rite Aid
going forward.

One of the Board’s most important tasks is choosing the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. After
rigorous and thoughtful evaluation and discussion, the Board firmly believes that John Standley is best
situated to serve as Rite Aid’s Chief Executive Officer. In reaching this conclusion, the Board
considered his extensive industry experience and in-depth understanding of all aspects of the Company,
including its customers, operations and key business drivers. The Board believes this experience and
understanding will be vital to navigating the Company through its current challenges and building
stockholder value for the long term, as well as providing stability to the Company’s many constituents.
The Board also has been deeply involved in overseeing management’s development of the strategic

initiatives that the Company is undertaking to enhance stockholder value as a stand-alone company.

These initiatives are designed to capitalize on Rite Aid’s valuable store and PBM businesses to grow
revenues, improve efficiency and drive profitability. As part of this effort, we are taking actions to drive
prescription growth and front-end sales by working to expand our access to preferred and limited
networks, enhancing our pharmacy clinical capabilities to improve patient outcomes, leveraging our
valuable Wellness brand, refining our merchandising efforts and expanding our omnichannel
capabilities. Our actions also include expanding EnvisionRxOptions’ Medicare Part D business,
improving payor relations to stabilize reimbursement rate pressures, obtaining efficient generic drug
pricing and continuing to control costs through a leaner, more efficient structure.

As the Board continues to oversee management’s implementation of these strategic initiatives, it
believes that Mr. Standley’s knowledge and experience are critical to their successful execution. Going
forward, our new Chairman, Mr. Bodaken, and our other independent directors will continue to
evaluate Mr. Standley’s performance in executing these strategic initiatives, and will work with
Mr. Standley to review, evaluate and develop all levels of senior management.

We view the governance changes described above as the first steps in reinvigorating our corporate

governance practices and policies. Over the coming year, the Board will continue to seek stockholder
input and identify new candidates to further refresh the Board. We will also consider corporate
governance enhancements, including addressing items specifically raised by stockholders in the course
of our recent and ongoing engagement efforts. The attached proxy statement contains additional
information concerning topics raised by some of our stockholders in the course of that engagement and
our review of additional corporate governance changes.

Your vote is important to us. Please vote as soon as possible even if you plan to attend the Annual

Meeting. We appreciate your continued ownership of Rite Aid shares and your support.

Sincerely,
The Continuing Independent Directors of
Rite Aid:

24SEP201818395602

24SEP201818395307

Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.

Bruce G. Bodaken

Kevin E. Lofton

24SEP201818395919

24SEP201818400637

Michael N. Regan

24SEP201818400284

Marcy Syms

Refer to the section titled ‘‘Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements’’ for a discussion of risks

and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.

24SEP201812505633

RITE AID CORPORATION

P.O. BOX 3165

HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA 17105

NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on October 30, 2018

To Our Stockholders:
What:
When: October 30, 2018 at 8:30 a.m., local time
Where: New York Marriott Marquis,

Our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

1535 Broadway,
New York, NY 10036
At this Annual Meeting, stockholders will be asked to:

Why:

1. Elect nine directors to hold office until the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and

until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified;

2. Ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered

3. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as

4. Consider and vote on three stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the

public accounting firm;

presented in the proxy statement;

Annual Meeting; and

5. Transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any

adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting.

The close of business on September 10, 2018 has been fixed as the record date for determining

those Rite Aid stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Accordingly, only stockholders of
record at the close of business on that date will receive this notice of, and be eligible to vote at, the
Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. The above items of
business for the Annual Meeting are more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this
notice.

Your vote is important. Please read the proxy statement and the instructions on the enclosed

proxy card and then, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, and no matter
how many shares you own, please submit your proxy promptly by telephone or via the Internet in
accordance with the instructions on the enclosed proxy card, or by completing, dating and returning
your proxy card in the envelope provided. This will not prevent you from voting in person at the
Annual Meeting. It will, however, help to assure a quorum and to avoid added proxy solicitation costs.
You may revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken by delivering to the Secretary of
Rite Aid a written revocation or a proxy with a later date (including a proxy by telephone or via the
Internet) or by voting your shares in person at the Annual Meeting, in which case your prior proxy
would be disregarded.

By order of the Board of Directors

23NOV201511125637

James J. Comitale
Secretary
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania
September 27, 2018

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
1
7
10
10
24

25

26
27
27
29

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND BOARD REFRESHMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
BOARD OF DIRECTORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPOSAL NO. 2 RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT

REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PROPOSAL NO. 3 ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PROPOSAL NO. 4 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN . . . . . . . .
PROPOSAL NO. 5 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—SUSTAINABILITY REPORT . . . . . . . . .
PROPOSAL NO. 6 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—REPORT ON GOVERNANCE

31
MEASURES RELATED TO OPIOIDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
35
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
36
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
36
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
54
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
55
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
57
GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
58
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
59
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR 2018 YEAR-END . . . . . . . . . . . .
60
OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 . . . . . . . .
60
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 . . . . . . . . . .
60
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL . . . . . . . .
66
PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
67
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
69
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
70
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
71
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT . .
72
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
73
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION . . . . . . . .
73
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
75
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
75
OTHER MATTERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
75
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING DELIVERY OF STOCKHOLDER DOCUMENTS . . . .
ANNUAL REPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
76
APPENDIX A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A-1
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

i

24SEP201812505633

RITE AID CORPORATION

P.O. BOX 3165

HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA 17105

PROXY STATEMENT

FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To Be Held on October 30, 2018

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the

Stockholder Meeting to be Held on October 30, 2018:

The proxy statement and annual report, as well as the Company’s proxy card, are available at

www.proxyvote.com.

This proxy statement is being furnished to you by the Board of Directors (the ‘‘Board’’ or ‘‘Board

of Directors’’) of Rite Aid Corporation (the ‘‘Company’’ or ‘‘Rite Aid’’) to solicit your proxy to vote
your shares at our 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the ‘‘Annual Meeting’’). The Annual Meeting
will be held on October 30, 2018 at 8:30 a.m., local time, at the New York Marriott Marquis,
1535 Broadway, New York, NY 10036.

This proxy statement, the foregoing notice and the accompanying proxy card are first being mailed
on or about September 27, 2018 to all holders of our common stock, par value $1.00 per share, entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting. At Rite Aid and in this proxy statement, we refer to our employees as
associates.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING

Who is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting?

Holders of Rite Aid common stock as of the close of business on the record date, September 10,

2018, will receive notice of, and be eligible to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or
postponement of the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the record date, Rite Aid had
outstanding and entitled to vote 1,065,434,682 shares of common stock. No other shares of Rite Aid
capital stock are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting.

What matters will be voted on at the Annual Meeting?

There are six proposals that are scheduled to be considered and voted on at the Annual Meeting:
(cid:129) Proposal No. 1: Elect nine directors to hold office until the 2019 Annual Meeting of

Stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified;

(cid:129) Proposal No. 2: Ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent

registered public accounting firm;

(cid:129) Proposal No. 3: Conduct an advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive

officers as presented in this proxy statement;

(cid:129) Proposal No. 4: Consider a stockholder proposal seeking to adopt a policy that the chairman be

an independent director;

(cid:129) Proposal No. 5: Consider a stockholder proposal seeking a sustainability report; and
(cid:129) Proposal No. 6: Consider a stockholder proposal seeking a report on governance measures

related to opioids.

Stockholders will also be asked to consider and vote at the Annual Meeting on any other matter

that may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the
Annual Meeting. At this time, the Board of Directors is unaware of any matters, other than those set
forth above and the possible submission of the Weiss Proposal, as described in the section entitled
‘‘Other Matters,’’ that may properly come before the Annual Meeting.

What are the Board’s voting recommendations?

The Board recommends that you vote ‘‘FOR’’ the nominees of the Board in the election of

directors, ‘‘FOR’’ the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered
public accounting firm, ‘‘FOR’’ the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named
executive officers as presented in this proxy statement and ‘‘AGAINST’’ each of the stockholder
proposals.

What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?

If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Broadridge Corporate

Issuer Services, you are considered the ‘‘stockholder of record’’ with respect to those shares.

If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, those shares

are held in ‘‘street name’’ and you are considered the ‘‘beneficial owner’’ of the shares. As the
beneficial owner of those shares, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or nominee how to
vote your shares, and you will receive separate instructions from your broker, bank or other holder of
record describing how to vote your shares.

How can I vote my shares before the Annual Meeting?

If you hold your shares in your own name, you may submit a proxy by telephone, via the Internet

or by mail.

(cid:129) Submitting a Proxy by Telephone: You can submit a proxy for your shares by telephone until

11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on October 29, 2018, by calling the toll-free telephone number
on the enclosed proxy card, 1-800-690-6903. Telephone proxy submission is available 24 hours a
day. Easy-to-follow voice prompts allow you to submit a proxy for your shares and confirm that
your instructions have been properly recorded. Our telephone proxy submission procedures are
designed to authenticate stockholders by using individual control numbers.

(cid:129) Submitting a Proxy via the Internet: You can submit a proxy for your shares via the Internet until

11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on October 29, 2018, by accessing the website listed on the
enclosed proxy card, www.proxyvote.com, and following the instructions you will find on the
website. Internet proxy submission is available 24 hours a day. As with telephone proxy
submission, you will be given the opportunity to confirm that your instructions have been
properly recorded.

(cid:129) Submitting a Proxy by Mail: If you choose to submit a proxy for your shares by mail, simply mark

the enclosed proxy card, date and sign it, and return it in the postage paid envelope provided.

By casting your vote in any of the three ways listed above, you are authorizing the individuals

listed on the proxy to vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. You may also attend the
Annual Meeting and vote in person.

2

If your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee, you will receive

instructions from the holder of record that you must follow for your shares to be voted. The availability
of telephonic or Internet voting will depend on the bank’s or broker’s voting process. Please check with
your bank or broker and follow the voting procedures your bank or broker provides to vote your
shares. Also, please note that if the holder of record of your shares is a bank, broker or other nominee
and you wish to vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must request a legal proxy from your bank,
broker or other nominee that holds your shares and present that proxy and proof of identification at
the Annual Meeting; otherwise, you will not be able to vote in person at the Annual Meeting.

If I am the beneficial owner of shares held in ‘‘street name’’ by my broker, will my broker automatically vote

my shares for me?

New York Stock Exchange (‘‘NYSE’’) rules applicable to brokers grant your broker discretionary
authority to vote your shares without receiving your instructions on certain matters. Your broker has
discretionary voting authority under NYSE rules to vote your shares on the ratification of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm. However, unless you provide voting
instructions to your broker, your broker does not have discretionary authority to vote on the election of
directors, the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers and the vote on the
stockholder proposals. Accordingly, it is particularly important that beneficial owners instruct their
brokers how they wish to vote their shares.

How will my shares be voted if I give my proxy but do not specify how my shares should be voted?

If you provide specific voting instructions, your shares will be voted at the Annual Meeting in

accordance with your instructions. If you hold shares in your name and sign and return a proxy card
without giving specific voting instructions, your shares will be voted ‘‘FOR’’ the nominees of the Board
in the election of directors, ‘‘FOR’’ the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm, ‘‘FOR’’ the approval, on an advisory basis, of the
compensation of our named executive officers and ‘‘AGAINST’’ each of the stockholder proposals.

Could other matters be decided at the Annual Meeting?

At this time, we are unaware of any matters, other than those set forth above and the possible

submission of the Weiss Proposal, as described in the section entitled ‘‘Other Matters,’’ that may
properly come before the Annual Meeting. If any other matters properly come before the Annual
Meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy, or their duly constituted substitutes acting at the
Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting, will be deemed
authorized to vote or otherwise act on such matters in accordance with their judgment.

Who may attend the Annual Meeting?

All stockholders are invited to attend the Annual Meeting. Persons who are not stockholders may
attend only if invited by the Board of Directors. If you are the beneficial owner of shares held in the
name of your broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring proof of ownership (e.g., a current
broker’s statement) in order to be admitted to the meeting. You can obtain directions to the Annual
Meeting by contacting our Investor Relations Department at (717) 975-3710.

Can I vote in person at the Annual Meeting?

Yes. If you hold shares in your own name as a stockholder of record, you may come to the Annual

Meeting and cast your vote at the meeting by properly completing and submitting a ballot. If you are
the beneficial owner of shares held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee, you must first
obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee giving you the right to vote those shares

3

and submit that proxy along with a properly completed ballot at the meeting; otherwise, you will not
be able to vote in person at the Annual Meeting.

How can I change my vote?

You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised by:
(cid:129) Delivering to the Secretary a written notice of revocation, dated later than the proxy, before the

vote is taken at the Annual Meeting;

(cid:129) Delivering to the Secretary an executed proxy bearing a later date, before the vote is taken at

the Annual Meeting;

(cid:129) Submitting a proxy on a later date by telephone or via the Internet (only your last telephone or
Internet proxy will be counted), before 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on October 29, 2018;
or

(cid:129) Attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person (your attendance at the Annual Meeting, in

and of itself, will not revoke the proxy).

Any written notice of revocation, or later dated proxy, should be delivered to:

Rite Aid Corporation

30 Hunter Lane

Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011

Attention: James J. Comitale, Secretary

Alternatively, you may hand deliver a written revocation notice, or a later dated proxy, to the

Secretary at the Annual Meeting before we begin voting.

If your shares of Rite Aid common stock are held by a bank, broker or other nominee, you must
follow the instructions provided by the bank, broker or other nominee if you wish to change your vote.

What is an ‘‘abstention’’ and how would it affect the vote?

An ‘‘abstention’’ occurs when a stockholder sends in a proxy with explicit instructions to decline to

vote regarding a particular matter. Abstentions are counted as present for purposes of determining a
quorum. An abstention with respect to the election of directors is neither a vote cast ‘‘for’’ a nominee
nor a vote cast ‘‘against’’ the nominee and, therefore, will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.
Abstentions with respect to the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm, the advisory vote on compensation of our named executive officers and the vote
on the stockholder proposals will have the same effect as voting ‘‘against’’ the proposal.

What is a broker ‘‘non-vote’’ and how would it affect the vote?

A broker non-vote occurs when a broker or other nominee who holds shares for the beneficial
owner is unable to vote those shares for the beneficial owner because the broker or other nominee
does not have discretionary voting power for the proposal and has not received voting instructions from
the beneficial owner of the shares. Brokers will have discretionary voting power to vote shares for
which no voting instructions have been provided by the beneficial owner only with respect to the
ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm. Brokers
will not have such discretionary voting power to vote shares with respect to the election of directors,
the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers and the vote on the stockholder
proposals. Shares that are the subject of a broker non-vote are included for quorum purposes, but a
broker non-vote with respect to a proposal will not be counted as a vote cast and will not be counted
as a vote represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, consequently, will have no effect on the

4

outcome of the vote. Accordingly, it is particularly important that beneficial owners of Rite Aid shares
instruct their brokers how to vote their shares.

What are the quorum and voting requirements for the proposals?

In deciding the proposals that are scheduled for a vote at the Annual Meeting, each holder of
common stock as of the record date is entitled to one vote per share of common stock. In order to
take action on the proposals, a quorum, consisting of the holders of 532,717,342 shares (a majority of
the aggregate number of shares of Rite Aid common stock) issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
as of the record date for the Annual Meeting, must be present in person or by proxy. This is referred
to as a ‘‘quorum.’’ Proxies marked ‘‘Abstain’’ and broker non-votes will be treated as shares that are
present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum.

Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors
The affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of votes cast is required for the election of

each director nominee named in Proposal No. 1. This means that the votes cast ‘‘for’’ that nominee
must exceed the votes cast ‘‘against’’ that nominee. Any shares not voted (whether by abstention,
broker non-vote or otherwise) will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the outcome
of the vote. For more information on the operation of our majority voting standard, see the section
entitled ‘‘Board of Directors—Corporate Governance—Majority Voting Standard and Policy.’’

Proposal No. 2—Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote is
required for the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting
firm in Proposal No. 2. Any shares represented and entitled to vote at the meeting and not voted
(whether by abstention or otherwise) will have the same effect as a vote ‘‘against’’ the proposal.

Proposal No. 3—Advisory Vote on Compensation of Named Executive Officers
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote is
required for the approval of the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers in
Proposal No. 3. Any shares represented and entitled to vote at the meeting and not voted (whether by
abstention or otherwise) will have the same effect as a vote ‘‘against’’ the proposal. Any broker
non-votes with respect to the advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers will
not be counted as shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, consequently, will have
no effect on the outcome of the vote.

Proposal No. 4, Proposal No. 5 and Proposal No. 6—Stockholder Proposals
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote is
required for the approval of each of the stockholder proposals in Proposal No. 4, Proposal No. 5 and
Proposal No. 6. Any shares represented and entitled to vote at the meeting and not voted (whether by
abstention or otherwise) will have the same effect as a vote ‘‘against’’ the stockholder proposals. Any
broker non-votes with respect to the stockholder proposals will not be counted as shares represented at
the meeting and entitled to vote and, consequently, will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

What happens if a quorum is not present at the Annual Meeting?

If the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting are not sufficient to
constitute a quorum, the stockholders by a vote of the holders of a majority of votes present in person
or represented by proxy (which may be voted by the proxyholders) may, without further notice to any

5

stockholder (unless a new record date is set), adjourn the meeting to a different time and place to
permit further solicitations of proxies sufficient to constitute a quorum.

Who will count the votes?

Representatives of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. will tabulate the votes and act as inspectors

of election.

Who will conduct the proxy solicitation and how much will it cost?

We are soliciting proxies from stockholders on behalf of our Board and will pay for all costs
incurred by it in connection with the solicitation. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors,
officers and associates of Rite Aid and its subsidiaries may solicit proxies from stockholders of Rite Aid
in person or by telephone, facsimile or email without additional compensation other than
reimbursement for their actual expenses.

We have retained Morrow Sodali, LLC, a proxy solicitation firm, to assist us in the solicitation of
proxies for the Annual Meeting. Rite Aid will pay Morrow Sodali a fee of approximately $20,000, plus
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses.

Arrangements also will be made with brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees and

fiduciaries for the forwarding of solicitation material to the beneficial owners of stock held of record by
such persons, and we will reimburse such custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the forwarding of solicitation materials to the beneficial
owners of our stock.

If you have any questions about voting your shares or attending the Annual Meeting, please call

our Investor Relations Department at (717) 975-3710.

6

STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND BOARD REFRESHMENT

Following termination of the Albertsons transaction, we engaged in enhanced stockholder outreach

efforts. Our independent directors and management together have reached out to 11 of our largest
stockholders, owning in the aggregate approximately 38% of Rite Aid shares, and independent
directors have engaged directly with six of these stockholders to date, owning in the aggregate
approximately 29% of Rite Aid shares. These efforts provided an opportunity for independent directors
to hear from stockholders directly regarding their perspectives and concerns. In addition, management
has communicated with many retail stockholders and received their feedback. We greatly value the
insightful input about the Company that our stockholders have provided in these and other exchanges.
The feedback from these efforts was summarized, shared and considered by the Nominating and
Governance Committee and the full Board.

Investors raised a number of concerns and the Board has taken significant steps to address these
items, with more work to be done. Specifically, the principal issues raised by our stockholders related
to: (1) Board refreshment, (2) an evaluation of management, (3) corporate governance matters and
(4) the Company’s sustainability efforts.

New Board Leadership and Composition

In the course of our stockholder engagement meetings, stockholders expressed concerns regarding

the lack of Board refreshment in recent years, as well as concerns regarding our Board governance.
The Board has reviewed its structure in light of the Company’s current operating and governance
environment and determined that, effective at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Standley will be succeeded as
Chairman of the Board by Bruce G. Bodaken. The Board believes that Mr. Bodaken will provide
excellent leadership of the Board in his role as Chairman. Mr. Bodaken brings to the position in-depth
knowledge of the health insurance and managed care industries and more than 20 years of executive
leadership skills. Moreover, the Board has significantly accelerated its efforts to change the composition
of the Board. As part of this process, three of the current eight independent directors are not standing
for re-election and the Board has nominated three new independent directors. Robert E. Knowling, Jr.,
Louis P. Miramontes and Arun Nayar will bring fresh perspectives to the Board, as well as public
company experience, strategic planning skills and financial expertise.

The Board sought to balance the need for new perspectives while retaining the benefit of current

members’ deep understanding of the Company’s business, strategy and challenges. The Board also
considered current directors’ time availability in light of their other business commitments. As a result
of these changes in the Board’s composition, the average tenure of our independent directors will
decrease from approximately eight years to approximately six years, with a relatively even distribution
among new directors, directors of medium tenure and directors of longer tenure. Through the Board
refreshment process, the Board will increase the racial and ethnic diversity on the Board, with a
majority of the Board being racially and ethnically diverse. The Board recognizes that its gender
diversity will decrease in connection with this initial stage of refreshment and is committed to
considering women candidates and making gender diversity a priority as part of its ongoing refreshment
in the coming year.

In the course of this refreshment process, the Board considered the fact that Joseph B. Anderson,

Jr. exceeds the Board’s retirement age and decided to waive this requirement for Mr. Anderson’s
nomination this year. Specifically, the Board concluded that, in light of the number of directors not
standing for re-election and the number of new directors nominated for election at the Annual
Meeting, the Board would benefit from Mr. Anderson’s continued service on the Board, as he would
bring important experience and knowledge about the Company that would be beneficial as the new
Board members continue to gain familiarity with Rite Aid’s business. As the Board refreshment process

7

continues over the next year, the Board does not anticipate waiving this requirement for Mr. Anderson
beyond this Annual Meeting.

Moving forward, the Board refreshment process will continue over the next year to ensure we have

the right mix of experience, expertise and fresh perspectives to guide Rite Aid going forward. The
Board recognizes that stockholders expect the initial steps we are taking this year in the refreshment
process to be the beginning and not the end.

Evaluation of Management

In the course of our recent engagement efforts, stockholders sought confirmation that the Board
has considered and evaluated management. One of the Board’s most important tasks is choosing the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer. After rigorous and thoughtful evaluation and discussion, the Board
has reaffirmed its strongly held belief that John Standley is best situated to serve as Rite Aid’s Chief
Executive Officer. In making this determination, the Board considered his extensive industry experience
and in-depth understanding of all aspects of the Company, including its customers, operations and key
business drivers. The Board believes this experience and understanding will be vital to navigating the
Company through its current challenges and building stockholder value for the long term, as well as
providing stability to the Company’s many constituents.

Our mission is to improve the health and wellness of our communities through engaging

experiences that provide our customers with the best products, services and advice to meet their unique
needs. To achieve this mission, we are focused on three strategic priorities: serving as the trusted
advisor of our pharmacy customers, providing our customers with a convenient and personalized
shopping experience and building a winning value proposition for payors and providers.

In order to achieve these priorities, the Board has been deeply involved in overseeing

management’s development and implementation of a number of strategic initiatives which are designed
to capitalize on Rite Aid’s valuable store and pharmacy benefit manager (‘‘PBM’’) businesses to grow
revenues, improve efficiency and drive profitability. This includes taking actions to drive prescription
growth and front-end sales by working to expand our access to preferred and limited networks,
enhancing our pharmacy clinical capabilities to improve patient outcomes, leveraging our valuable
Wellness brand, refining our merchandising efforts and expanding our omnichannel capabilities. In
addition, we are focused on expanding PBM EnvisionRxOptions’ Medicare Part D business, improving
payor relations to stabilize reimbursement rate pressures, obtaining efficient generic drug pricing and
continuing to control costs through a leaner, more efficient structure.

The Board believes that Mr. Standley’s knowledge and experience are critical to moving forward
quickly on these strategic initiatives, many of which are underway. Going forward, our new Chairman,
Bruce G. Bodaken, and our other directors, all of whom are independent directors other than
Mr. Standley, will continue the Board’s ongoing role in evaluating Mr. Standley’s performance in
executing these strategic initiatives, and will work with Mr. Standley to review, evaluate and develop all
levels of senior management.

Additional Corporate Governance Changes

Over the coming year, the Board plans to consider certain corporate governance practices,

including items of discussion raised in the course of our recent stockholder engagement efforts. The
Board also will consider the Investor Stewardship Group Principles to determine whether other changes
are appropriate as part of the effort to address stockholder concerns relating to corporate governance
matters.

The Board also will consider enhancements to its current oversight of the Company’s

environmental practices and sustainability efforts. The Company views sustainability business principles

8

as part of our overall business strategy, and the Board receives periodic updates from the Company’s
management on sustainability initiatives. Additional details regarding the Company’s consideration of
sustainability matters and the related business initiatives the Company has undertaken in recent years
are described in the section entitled ‘‘Board of Directors—Sustainability.’’

The Board anticipates continuing its stockholder engagement efforts in the coming year in order to

ensure that it is receiving stockholder feedback as the Company continues to move forward. The
process of enhancing our corporate governance and refreshing our Board has only just begun, and we
plan to continue these efforts moving forward.

9

PROPOSAL NO. 1

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

General

Our By-Laws provide that the Board of Directors may be composed of up to 15 members, with the

number to be fixed from time to time by the Board. The Board has fixed the number of directors at
nine, and there are nine nominees for director at our Annual Meeting.

Director Nominees

The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Governance
Committee, has nominated Joseph B. Anderson, Jr., Bruce G. Bodaken, Robert E. Knowling, Jr.,
Kevin E. Lofton, Louis P. Miramontes, Arun Nayar, Michael N. Regan, John T. Standley and
Marcy Syms to be elected directors at the Annual Meeting. Other than Mr. Knowling, Mr. Miramontes
and Mr. Nayar, each of the nominees for director to be elected at the Annual Meeting currently serves
as a director of the Company. In selecting Mr. Anderson as a nominee, the Board considered
Mr. Anderson’s age voted to waive the requirement that a nominee has not yet reached the age of 72.
Specifically, the Board concluded that, in light of the number of directors not standing for re-election
and the number of new directors nominated for election at the Annual Meeting, the Board would
benefit from Mr. Anderson’s continued service on the Board, as he would bring important experience
and knowledge about the Company’s strategy and challenges that would be beneficial as the new Board
members continue to gain familiarity with Rite Aid’s business. As the Board refreshment process
continues over the next year, the Board does not anticipate waiving this requirement for Mr. Anderson
beyond this Annual Meeting.

Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will hold office until the 2019 Annual Meeting of

Stockholders. Each director elected at the Annual Meeting will serve until his or her successor is duly
elected and qualified.

If any nominee at the time of election is unable or unwilling to serve or is otherwise unavailable
for election, and as a consequence thereof other nominees are designated, then the persons named in
the proxy or their substitutes will have the discretion and authority to vote or to refrain from voting for
other nominees in accordance with their judgment.

RECOMMENDATION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘FOR’’ THE

ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES LISTED ABOVE.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The following table sets forth certain information as of September 10, 2018 with respect to our

director nominees. If elected, the term of each of the following persons will expire at the 2019 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.

Name
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bruce G. Bodaken . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert E. Knowling, Jr.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kevin E. Lofton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Louis P. Miramontes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Arun Nayar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael N. Regan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Marcy Syms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Position with Rite Aid

Age
55 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
75 Director
66 Director
63 Nominee
63 Director
64 Nominee
67 Nominee
70 Director
67 Director

Year First
Became
Director
2009
2005
2013
—
2013
—
—
2007
2005

10

Board Composition

The Board is committed to ensuring that it is composed of a highly capable and diverse group of

directors who are well-equipped to oversee the success of the business and effectively represent the
interests of stockholders. In addition, the Board believes that having directors with a mix of tenures on
the Board helps transition the knowledge of the more experienced directors while providing a broad,
fresh set of perspectives and a Board with a diversity of experiences and viewpoints. As discussed in the
section entitled ‘‘Stockholder Engagement and Board Refreshment’’ above, the Board has significantly
accelerated its efforts to change the composition of the Board. As part of this process, three current
directors are not standing for re-election and the Board has nominated three new independent
directors. All of the nominees of the Board are independent directors, except for Mr. Standley.

As a result of these changes in the Board’s composition, the average tenure of our independent

directors will decrease from approximately eight years to approximately six years, with a relatively even
distribution among new directors, directors of medium tenure and directors of longer tenure. In
addition, a majority of the Board will be racially and ethnically diverse. The Board recognizes that its
gender diversity will decrease in connection with this initial stage of refreshment and is committed to
considering women candidates and making gender diversity a priority as part of its ongoing refreshment
in the coming year.

Director Tenure*

Board Racial and Ethnic Diversity*

10+ years,

33.3%

0-3 years,

33.3%

4-9 years,

33.3%

24SEP201811435637

Racially

and

Ethnically
Diverse,

56%

White,
44%

24SEP201811435515

*

The compositions depicted include calculations based on the assumption that Mr. Knowling,
Mr. Miramontes and Mr. Nayar are elected to the Board at the Annual Meeting.
In assessing Board composition and selecting and recruiting director candidates, the Board seeks to

maintain an engaged, independent Board with broad experience and judgment that is committed to
representing the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee
considers a wide range of factors, including the size of the Board, the experience and expertise of
existing Board members, other positions the director candidate has held or holds (including other
board memberships), and the candidate’s independence. In addition, the Nominating and Governance
Committee takes into account a candidate’s ability to contribute to the diversity of background and
experience represented on the Board, and it reviews its effectiveness in balancing these considerations
when assessing the composition of the Board. The Board and Nominating and Governance Committee
will continue to evaluate the composition of the Board as a whole as part of its ongoing refreshment in
the coming year.

Prior to the Annual Meeting, the Nominating and Governance Committee sought to recruit

additional Board members whose qualifications align with the Company’s refreshment process and
long-term strategy. After considering a number of candidates and comprehensively reviewing these
candidates’ abilities and qualifications, the Nominating and Governance Committee recommended
Mr. Knowling, Mr. Miramontes and Mr. Nayar for election to the Board.

11

The chart below summarizes the qualifications, attributes and skills for each of our director

nominees. The fact that we do not list a particular experience or qualification for a director nominee
does not mean that nominee does not possess that particular experience or qualification.

Skills and Experience
Current/Former CEO . . . .
Management/Business

Operations . . . . . . . . . .
Retail Industry . . . . . . . . .
Healthcare Industry . . . . .
Finance/Accounting . . . . .
Board/Corporate

Governance . . . . . . . . .

Director Biographies

Standley

Anderson

Bodaken Knowling

Lofton Miramontes

Nyar

Regan

Syms

X

X
X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X
X

X

Following are the biographies for our director nominees, including information concerning the

particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led the Nominating and Governance
Committee and the Board to conclude that such person should serve on the Board:

John T. Standley. Mr. Standley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, has been Chairman of the
Board since June 21, 2012, Chief Executive Officer since June 2010 and was President from September
2008 until June 2013. Mr. Standley served as the Chief Operating Officer from September 2008 until
June 2010. He also served as a consultant to Rite Aid from July 2008 to September 2008. From August
2005 through December 2007, Mr. Standley served as Chief Executive Officer and was a member of the
board of directors of Pathmark Stores, Inc. From June 2002 to August 2005, he served as Senior
Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Rite Aid and, in addition, in January
2004 was appointed Chief Financial Officer of Rite Aid. He had served as Senior Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Rite Aid from September 2000 to June 2002 and had served
as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Rite Aid from December 1999 until
September 2000. Mr. Standley served on the SUPERVALU INC. board of directors from May 2013 to
July 2015 and on the board of directors of CarMax, Inc. from August 2017 to January 2018.
Mr. Standley currently serves on the National Association of Chain Drug Stores’ board of directors and
is a member of the Board’s Executive Committee.

As the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, with more than 30 years of retail, financial and

executive experience, Mr. Standley brings to the Board an in-depth understanding of all aspects of the
Company, including its customers, operations and key business drivers. In addition, his experience
serving as a chief financial officer of a number of companies, including the Company, provides the
Board with additional insights into financial and accounting matters relevant to the Company’s
operations.

Joseph B. Anderson, Jr. Mr. Anderson has been the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of TAG Holdings, LLC, a manufacturing, service and technology business, since January 2002.
Mr. Anderson was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Chivas Industries, LLC from
1994 to 2002. Mr. Anderson also served as a director of Meritor, Inc. until January 2017. Mr. Anderson
previously served as a director of NV Energy Inc. until December 2013, Valassis Communications, Inc.
until February 2014 and Quaker Chemical Corporation until May 2016.

Mr. Anderson has a broad base of experience, including 20 years of chief executive officer

experience at manufacturing, service and technology companies. From this experience, Mr. Anderson
brings an array of skills, including in the areas of strategic, business and financial planning and
corporate development. In addition, his service on the boards of directors of a number of publicly-

12

traded companies provides the Board with insights into how boards at other companies have addressed
issues similar to those faced by the Company.

Bruce G. Bodaken. Mr. Bodaken served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Shield

of California from 2000 through 2012. Previously, Mr. Bodaken served as President and Chief
Operating Officer of Blue Shield of California from 1995 to 2000, and as Executive Vice President and
Chief Operating Officer from 1994 to 1995. Prior to joining Blue Shield of California, Mr. Bodaken
served as Senior Vice President and Associate Chief Operating Officer of F.H.P., Inc., a managed care
provider, from 1990 to 1994 and held various positions at F.H.P. from 1980 to 1990. Currently,
Mr. Bodaken sits on the board of WageWorks, Inc., and is a member of its audit committee. He is also
a director and member of the Compensation Committee of iRhythm Technologies, Inc. and a Lecturer
in the Department of Public Health at UC Berkeley.

Mr. Bodaken brings to the Board in-depth knowledge of the health insurance and managed care

industries and more than 20 years of executive leadership skills.

Robert E. Knowling, Jr. Mr. Knowling is currently Chairman of Eagles Landing Partners, which
specializes in helping senior management formulate strategy, lead organizational transformations, and
re-engineer businesses. Mr. Knowling also serves as an advisor-coach to chief executive officers.
Mr. Knowling previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Telwares, a JP Morgan Chase/One Equity
Partners Private Equity-owned company from 2005 to 2009. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Knowling was
Chief Executive Officer of the New York City Leadership Academy, an independent nonprofit
corporation created by Chancellor Joel I. Klein and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg that is chartered
with developing the next generation of principals in the New York City public school system. From
2001 to 2003, Mr. Knowling was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SimDesk Technologies, Inc.
Prior to this, Mr. Knowling was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Covad
Communications, a Warburg Pincus Private Equity backed start-up company. Mr. Knowling currently
serves on the board of directors of Convergys Corporation, K12 Inc. and Roper Technologies Inc.
Mr. Knowling previously served as a director of Ariba, Inc. until 2012, Heidrick & Struggles
International, Inc. until 2015, Hewlett-Packard Company until 2005 and The Immune Response
Corporation until 2005.

Mr. Knowling brings to the Board extensive experience in executive management and leadership

roles, including experience leading companies through periods of high growth and organizational
turnaround. In addition, his service on other boards of directors of a number of publicly-traded
companies enables Mr. Knowling to share insights with the Board regarding corporate governance best
practices.

Kevin E. Lofton. Mr. Lofton has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Denver-based Catholic
Health Initiatives (‘‘CHI’’), a healthcare system operating the full continuum of services from hospitals
to home health agencies nationwide since 2003 and as President and CEO of CHI from 2003 through
January 2014. Mr. Lofton previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the UAB Hospital in
Birmingham and Howard University Hospital in Washington, D.C. Mr. Lofton is also a director and
member of the audit and compensation committees of Gilead Sciences, Inc.

Mr. Lofton brings to the Board an in-depth knowledge and understanding of the healthcare
industry and valuable executive leadership skills from senior management and leadership roles in
healthcare systems and hospitals.

13

Louis P. Miramontes. Mr. Miramontes worked at KPMG LLP from 1976 to 2014, where he served

in many leadership roles, including Managing Partner of the San Francisco office and Senior Partner
for KPMG’s Latin American region. Mr. Miramontes was also an audit partner directly involved with
providing audit services to public and private companies, which included working with client boards of
directors and audit committees regarding financial reporting, auditing matters, SEC compliance and
Sarbanes-Oxley regulations. Mr. Miramontes currently serves on the board of directors of Lithia
Motors, Inc., one of the largest providers of personal transportation solutions in the U.S., and
Oportun, Inc., a mission-driven financial services company.

Mr. Miramontes brings to the Board extensive experience in accounting, financial reporting and
corporate governance. His experience as an audit partner provides useful insights into financial and
regulatory matters relevant to the Company’s business. His service as a member and chair of audit
committees provides the Board with leadership skills regarding the role and responsibilities of the audit
committee function.

Arun Nayar. Mr. Nayar retired in December 2015 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer of Tyco International, a $10+ billion fire protection and security company, where he was
responsible for managing the company’s financial risks and overseeing its global finance functions,
including tax, treasury, mergers and acquisitions, audit, and investor relations teams. Mr. Nayar joined
Tyco as Senior Vice President and Treasurer in 2008 and was also Chief Financial Officer of Tyco’s
ADT Worldwide. From 2010 until 2012, Mr. Nayar was Senior Vice President, Financial Planning &
Analysis, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Prior to joining Tyco, Mr. Nayar spent six years at
PepsiCo, Inc., most recently as Chief Financial Officer of Global Operations and, before that, as Vice
President and Assistant Treasurer—Corporate Finance. Mr. Nayar currently serves on the Board of
Directors of Bemis Company, Inc., a manufacturer of packaging products, and TFI International Inc., a
leader in the transportation and logistics industry. Mr. Nayar is also a Senior Advisor to McKinsey &
Company and to a private equity firm, BC Partners.

Mr. Nayar brings over 35 years of financial experience to the Board. His experience as a chief

financial officer provides useful insights into operational and financial metrics relevant to the
Company’s business.

Michael N. Regan. Since July 2017, Mr. Regan has served as the Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer for Servco Pacific Inc., a privately held company with significant interests in
automobile distribution and retail dealerships in Hawaii and Australia, as well as interests in other
business lines. From August 2014 to March 2017, Mr. Regan served as Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Outrigger Enterprises Group, a privately held hospitality company. Prior to
that, Mr. Regan served as the Hold Separate Manager on behalf of the Federal Trade Commission,
overseeing the Lumiere Place Casino and Hotel and Four Seasons Hotel in St. Louis, Missouri from
August 2013 through its sale in spring 2014 and prior to that as Chief Financial Officer of Indianapolis
Downs LLC, a casino and horse track complex located near Indianapolis, Indiana during its bankruptcy
from January 2012 through its sale in February 2013. From May 2007 through December 2011,
Mr. Regan was a self-employed private equity investor. Prior thereto, Mr. Regan served as Chief
Financial Officer of The St. Joe Company, a major real estate development company based in Florida,
from November 2006 to May 2007. From 1997 to November 2006, he served as Senior Vice President,
Finance and held various other positions with The St. Joe Company and was a member of the senior
management team. Prior to joining The St. Joe Company, he served in various financial management
functions at Harrah’s Entertainment from 1980 through 1997, including as Vice President and
controller from 1991 to 1997.

Mr. Regan’s over 30 years of experience, including serving as a chief financial officer and as a

senior vice president of finance, provides the Board with additional perspectives on financial,
operational and strategic planning, and real estate matters relevant to the Company.

14

Marcy Syms. Ms. Syms served as a director of Syms Corp, a chain of retail clothing stores, from
1983, when she was named President and COO, until 2012. Ms. Syms became CEO of Syms Corp in
1998 and was named Chair in 2010. In November 2011, Syms Corp and its subsidiaries filed voluntary
petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and ceased all retail
operations. Ms. Syms is also a founding member of the board of directors of the Syms School of
Business at Yeshiva University. Currently, Ms. Syms serves as President of the Sy Syms Foundation and
Founder and President of the TPD Group LLC, a multi-generational succession planning company.

Ms. Syms brings to the Board over 18 years of experience as a chief executive officer of a chain of
retail stores, including an array of skills in strategic planning, marketing and human resources matters
similar to those faced by the Company.

Board Leadership

Mr. Standley currently serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Regan

has served as our Lead Independent Director since 2011. As discussed in the section entitled
‘‘Stockholder Engagement and Board Refreshment’’ above, the Board has determined that, effective as
of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Standley will be succeeded as Chairman of the Board by Mr. Bodaken.
References in this proxy statement to Mr. Standley’s position as Chairman apply only to the period
prior to the Annual Meeting.

The Company’s governance framework provides the Board with flexibility to select the appropriate

leadership structure for the Company. The Board has no policy mandating the combination or
separation of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer positions and believes that, given
the dynamic and competitive environment in which we operate, the right leadership structure may vary
from time to time based on changes in circumstances. The Board makes this determination based on
what it believes best serves the needs of the Company and its stockholders at any particular time. The
Board believes that Mr. Bodaken will provide excellent independent leadership of the Board in his role
as Chairman.

The Board expects that, as Chairman, Mr. Bodaken’s responsibilities will subsume the

responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director and will include:

(cid:129) presiding at all meetings of the Board, including executive sessions of the non-management

directors;

(cid:129) the authority to call meetings of the Board and of the non-management directors;
(cid:129) serving as a liaison between the Chief Executive Officer and independent directors and

facilitating communications between other members of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer (any director is free to communicate directly with the Chief Executive Officer; the
Chair’s role is to attempt to improve such communications if they are not entirely satisfactory);
(cid:129) working with the Chief Executive Officer in the preparation of, and approving, Board meeting

agendas and schedules and the information to be provided to the Board;

(cid:129) chairing the periodic review of the performance of the Chief Executive Officer;
(cid:129) otherwise consulting with the Chairman and/or Chief Executive Officer on matters relating to

corporate governance and Board performance; and

(cid:129) if requested by major stockholders, ensuring that he is available, when appropriate, for

consultation and direct communication.

15

Corporate Governance

We recognize that good corporate governance is an important means of protecting the interests of
our stockholders, associates, customers, suppliers and the community. The Board of Directors, through
the Nominating and Governance Committee, monitors corporate governance developments and
proposed legislative, regulatory and stock exchange corporate governance reforms.

Website Access to Corporate Governance Materials. Our corporate governance information and
materials, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, current charters for each of the Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee and Executive
Committee, our Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers, our Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct, our Stock Ownership Guidelines and our Related Person Transaction Policy, are
posted on our website at www.riteaid.com under the headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance’’ and are
available in print upon request to Rite Aid Corporation, 30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill,
Pennsylvania 17011, Attention: Secretary. The information on our website is not, and shall not be
deemed, a part of this proxy statement. The Board regularly reviews corporate governance
developments and will modify these materials and practices from time to time as warranted.

Codes of Ethics. The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics that is applicable to our Chief

Executive Officer and senior financial officers. The Board has also adopted a Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct that applies to all of our officers, directors and associates. Any amendment to either
code or any waiver of either code for executive officers or directors will be disclosed promptly on our
website at www.riteaid.com under the headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Code of Ethics.’’

Director Independence. For a director to be considered independent under the NYSE corporate

governance listing standards, the Board of Directors must affirmatively determine that the director does
not have any direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, including any of the
relationships specifically proscribed by the NYSE independence standards. The Board considers all
relevant facts and circumstances in making its independence determinations. Only independent
directors may serve on our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and
Governance Committee.

As a result of this review, the Board affirmatively determined that the following directors,
including each director serving on the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the
Nominating and Governance Committee, satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE listing
standards: Joseph B. Anderson, Jr., Bruce G. Bodaken, David R. Jessick, Kevin E. Lofton, Myrtle
Potter, Michael N. Regan, Frank A. Savage and Marcy Syms. The Board also determined that
Robert E. Knowling, Jr., Louis P. Miramontes and Arun Nayar satisfy the independence requirements
of the NYSE listing standards. The Board also determined that the members of the Audit Committee
satisfy the additional independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the ‘‘Exchange Act’’) and the additional NYSE independence requirements for audit
committee members. In addition, the Board has determined that the members of the Compensation
Committee satisfy the additional NYSE independence requirements for compensation committee
members.

There is no family relationship between any of the nominees and executive officers of Rite Aid.

Majority Voting Standard and Policy. Under the Company’s By-Laws, a nominee for director in

uncontested elections of directors (as is the case for this Annual Meeting) will be elected to the Board
if the votes cast ‘‘for’’ such nominee’s election exceed the votes cast ‘‘against’’ such nominee’s election.
In contested elections, directors will be elected by a plurality of votes cast. For this purpose, a
contested election means any meeting of stockholders for which (i) the Secretary of the Company
receives a notice that a stockholder (or group of stockholders) has nominated a person for election to
the Board in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director or

16

the proxy access requirements, in each case as set forth in the By-Laws and (ii) such nomination has
not been withdrawn by such stockholder (or group of stockholders) on or prior to the 14th day
preceding the date the Company first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders.

Under the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, a director who fails to receive the

required number of votes for re-election in accordance with the By-Laws will, within five days following
certification of the stockholder vote, tender his or her written resignation to the Chairman of the Board
for consideration by the Board, subject to the procedures set forth in the guidelines.

Board Oversight of Risk Management

The Board of Directors, as a whole and through the various committees of the Board, oversees the

Company’s management of risk, focusing primarily on five areas of risk: operational, financial
performance, financial reporting, legal and regulatory, and strategic and reputational.

Management of the Company is responsible for developing and implementing the Company’s plans

and processes for risk management. The Board believes that its leadership structure, described above,
supports the risk oversight function of the Board. The Board of Directors, at least annually, reviews
with management its plans and processes for managing risk. The Board also receives periodic updates
from the Company’s compliance and internal assurance services with regard to the overall effectiveness
of the Company’s risk management program and significant areas of risk to the Company, focusing on
the five primary areas of risk set forth above as well as other areas of risk identified from time to time
by either the Board, a Board committee or management. In addition, the Board and the Audit
Committee receive periodic updates from the Company’s Senior Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer on cybersecurity matters, including information
services security and security controls over credit card, customer, associate and patient data.

In addition, other Board committees consider risks within their respective areas of responsibility

and advise the Board of any significant risks. For example, the Compensation Committee considers
risks relating to the Company’s compensation programs and policies and the Audit Committee focuses
on assessing and mitigating financial reporting risks, including risks related to internal control over
financial reporting and legal and compliance risks.

Compensation-Related Risk Assessment

The Compensation Committee reviews all incentive plans relative to established criteria and

conducts an assessment to ensure that none of our incentive plans encourage excessive risk-taking by
our executives or associates. Together with executive management, the Compensation Committee has
considered the risks arising from the Company’s compensation programs for its executives and
associates and has concluded that the compensation policies are not reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

The Compensation Committee reviews the risk profile and the relationship between the Company’s

compensation programs to the overall risk profile of the Company. Some of the features of our
incentive programs that limit risk include:

(cid:129) Delivery of compensation through an appropriate mix of base salary, cash incentive bonuses,

long-term awards and benefits.

(cid:129) Use of a mix of long-term incentive vehicles that reward both stock price appreciation and

financial operating performance and have different risk profiles.

(cid:129) Incorporation of measures in the performance awards to assess how efficiently and effectively we

deploy our assets (return on net assets) and to compare our stock performance against the
Russell 3000 Index (total stockholder return).

17

(cid:129) Stock ownership guidelines that promote executive stock ownership.

Committees of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors has four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation

Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Executive Committee. Current copies
of the charters for each of these committees are available on our website at www.riteaid.com under the
headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Corporate Governance Committees—Committee Charters.’’

The current members of the committees are identified in the following table.

Audit

Director
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.
. . . . . . . . .
Bruce G. Bodaken . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
David R. Jessick . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chair
Kevin E. Lofton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Myrtle Potter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael N. Regan . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Frank A. Savage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Marcy Syms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

X

X

Compensation

Nominating and

Governance

Chair

X

X

X

X

Chair

Executive
Chair

X

X

Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, which held eight meetings during fiscal year 2018,

currently consists of David R. Jessick (Chair), Kevin E. Lofton and Michael N. Regan. The Board has
determined that each of these individuals is an independent director under the NYSE listing standards
and satisfies the additional independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the
additional requirements of the NYSE listing standards for audit committee members. See the section
entitled ‘‘Corporate Governance—Director Independence’’ above. The Board has determined that each
of these individuals is also ‘‘financially literate’’ under the applicable NYSE listing standards. The
Board has determined that David R. Jessick qualifies as an ‘‘audit committee financial expert’’ as that
term is defined under applicable SEC rules.

The functions of the Audit Committee include the following:
(cid:129) Appointing, compensating and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm

(‘‘independent auditors’’);

(cid:129) Overseeing management’s fulfillment of its responsibilities for financial reporting and internal

control over financial reporting; and

(cid:129) Overseeing the activities of the Company’s internal audit function.
The independent auditors and internal auditors meet with the Audit Committee with and without

the presence of management representatives. For additional information, see the section entitled ‘‘Audit
Committee Report,’’ as well as the Audit Committee’s charter, which is posted on our website at
www.riteaid.com under the headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Corporate Governance
Committees—Committee Charters.’’

Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee, which held six meetings during fiscal
year 2018, currently consists of Marcy Syms (Chair), Bruce G. Bodaken and Michael N. Regan. The
Board has determined that each of these individuals is an independent director under the NYSE listing
standards and satisfies the additional independence requirements of the NYSE listing standards for
compensation committee members. See the section entitled ‘‘Corporate Governance—Director
Independence’’ above.

18

The functions of the Compensation Committee include the following:
(cid:129) Administering Rite Aid’s stock option and other equity incentive plans;
(cid:129) Reviewing and approving the base salaries of the Company’s executive officers and reviewing

and recommending to the Board the base salary of the CEO;

(cid:129) Reviewing and approving the Company’s goals and objectives relevant to the incentive-based

compensation of the Company’s executive officers (including the CEO), evaluating the
performance of the Company’s executive officers (including the CEO) in light of these goals and
objectives and determining and approving the incentive-based compensation of the Company’s
executive officers (including the CEO) based on such evaluation;

(cid:129) Setting corporate performance targets under all annual bonus and long-term incentive

compensation plans as appropriate and determining annually the individual bonus award
opportunities for the Company’s executive officers; and

(cid:129) Reviewing and approving all executive officers’ employment agreements and severance

arrangements.

The Compensation Committee reviews the performance of the Company’s executive personnel,
including the Company’s named executive officers, and develops and makes recommendations to the
Board of Directors with respect to executive compensation policies. The Compensation Committee is
empowered by the Board of Directors to award to executive officers appropriate bonuses, stock
options, stock appreciation rights and stock-based awards. The details of the processes and procedures
for the consideration and determination of the compensation of our named executive officers are
described in the section entitled ‘‘Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis.’’
The objectives of the Compensation Committee are to support the achievement of desired Company
performance, to provide compensation and benefits that will attract and retain superior talent, reward
performance and to fix a portion of compensation to the outcome of the Company’s performance.

As provided in its charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to engage an external

compensation consultant and to determine the scope of any services provided. The Compensation
Committee may terminate the engagement at any time. The external compensation consultant reports
to the Compensation Committee Chair.

Since June 2010, the Compensation Committee has utilized Exequity LLP as its independent
consultant. With respect to fiscal year 2018, Exequity LLP reviewed recommendations and analysis
prepared by management and provided advice and counsel to the Compensation Committee.
Exequity LLP does not provide any other services to the Company. The Compensation Committee has
assessed the independence of Exequity LLP, taking into consideration the factors set forth in the NYSE
listing standards and SEC rules, and determined that the engagement of Exequity LLP does not raise
any conflicts of interest.

Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee, which held

one meeting during fiscal year 2018, currently consists of Joseph B. Anderson, Jr. (Chair), Myrtle
Potter and Frank A. Savage. The Board has determined that each of these individuals is an
independent director under the NYSE listing standards. See the section entitled ‘‘Corporate
Governance—Director Independence’’ above.

The functions of the Nominating and Governance Committee include the following:
(cid:129) Identifying and recommending to the Board individuals qualified to serve as Rite Aid directors;
(cid:129) Recommending to the Board individual directors to serve on committees of the Board;
(cid:129) Advising the Board with respect to matters of Board composition and procedures;

19

(cid:129) Developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance principles applicable

to Rite Aid and overseeing corporate governance matters generally;

(cid:129) Overseeing the annual evaluation of the Board and management; and
(cid:129) Reviewing and approving or ratifying related person transactions in which the Company is a

participant.

Executive Committee. The members of the Executive Committee currently are John T. Standley

(Chair), David R. Jessick and Michael N. Regan. The Executive Committee did not meet during fiscal
year 2018. The Executive Committee, except as limited by Delaware law, is empowered to exercise all
of the powers of the Board of Directors.

Nomination of Directors

The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by
stockholders. In considering such recommendations, the Nominating and Governance Committee will
take into consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. The Nominating
and Governance Committee may also take into consideration the number of shares held by the
recommending stockholder and the length of time that such shares have been held. To have a candidate
considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee, a stockholder must submit the
recommendation in writing and must include the following information:

(cid:129) The name of the stockholder and evidence of the person’s ownership of Rite Aid stock,

including the number of shares owned and the length of time of ownership; and

(cid:129) The name of the candidate, the candidate’s resume or a listing of his or her qualifications to be

a Rite Aid director and the person’s consent to be named as a director if selected by the
Nominating and Governance Committee and nominated by the Board.

The stockholder recommendation and information described above must be sent to Rite Aid

Corporation, 30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011, Attention: Secretary. The Nominating
and Governance Committee will accept recommendations of director candidates throughout the year.
Generally, in order for a recommended director candidate to be considered for nomination to stand for
election at an upcoming annual meeting of stockholders, the recommendation must be received by the
Secretary not fewer than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of Rite Aid’s most recent annual
meeting of stockholders. In the event an annual meeting is held on a date that is not within 25 days of
such anniversary date, recommendations will be considered by the Nominating and Governance
Committee in due course.

The Nominating and Governance Committee believes that the minimum qualifications for serving

as a Rite Aid director are that a candidate demonstrate, by significant accomplishment in his or her
field, an ability to make a meaningful contribution to the Board’s oversight of Rite Aid’s business and
affairs and have an impeccable record and reputation for honest and ethical conduct in his or her
professional and personal activities. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee examines
a candidate’s specific experiences and skills, availability in light of other commitments, potential
conflicts of interest and independence from management and the Company. The Nominating and
Governance Committee also seeks to have the Board represent a diversity of backgrounds and
experience. The Nominating and Governance Committee assesses its achievement of diversity through
the review of Board composition as part of the Board’s annual self-assessment process.

The Nominating and Governance Committee identifies potential candidates by asking current

directors and executive officers to notify the committee if they become aware of persons, meeting the
criteria described above, who have had a change in circumstances that might make them available to
serve on the Board—for example, retirement as a CEO or CFO of a public company or exiting

20

government or military service. The Nominating and Governance Committee also, from time to time,
may engage firms that specialize in identifying director candidates. As described above, the committee
will also consider candidates recommended by stockholders.

The Nominating and Governance Committee may review publicly available information, conduct
an interview and/or check references to assess the person’s accomplishments and qualifications in light
of the needs of the Board and the accomplishments and qualifications of any other candidates that the
committee might be considering. The committee’s evaluation process does not vary based on whether
or not a candidate is recommended by a stockholder, although, as stated above, the Board may take
into consideration the number of shares held by the recommending stockholder and the length of time
that such shares have been held.

Robert E. Knowling, Jr., Louis P. Miramontes and Arun Nayar were recommended for

consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee by RSR Partners, an executive search
consulting firm that assisted the Board in sourcing director candidates as part of the Board’s
accelerated refreshment process.

Executive Sessions of Non-Management Directors

In order to promote discussion among the non-management directors, regularly scheduled

executive sessions (i.e., meetings of non-management directors without management present) are held
to review such topics as the non-management directors determine. Mr. Regan, our Lead Independent
Director, presides at our executive sessions. Effective as of the Annual Meeting, Mr. Bodaken, our
Chairman of the Board, will preside at our executive sessions. The non-management directors met in
executive session 10 times during fiscal year 2018.

Communications with the Board of Directors

The Board has established a process to receive communications from stockholders and other

interested parties. Stockholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members)
of the Board, any Board committee or any chair of any such committee by mail or electronically. To
communicate with the Board of Directors, the non-management directors, a committee of directors or
any individual directors, including our Lead Independent Director/Independent Chairman of the Board,
correspondence should be addressed to the Board of Directors or any such individual directors or
committee of directors by either name or title. All such correspondence should be sent to Rite Aid
Corporation, c/o Secretary, P.O. Box 3165, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17105. To communicate with any of
the directors electronically, stockholders should go to our website at www.riteaid.com. Under the
headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Board of Directors—Contact the Board of Directors’’ you
will find an on-line form, as well as an email address, that may be used for writing an electronic
message to the Board, the non-management directors, any individual directors, or any committee of
directors. Please follow the instructions on the website in order to send your message.

All communications received as set forth above will be opened by the Secretary for the purpose of
determining whether the contents represent a message to the directors, and depending on the facts and
circumstances outlined in the communication, will be distributed to the Board, the non-management
directors, an individual director or committee of directors, as appropriate. The Secretary will make
sufficient copies of the contents to send to each director who is a member of the Board or of the
committee to which the envelope or e-mail is addressed.

21

Directors’ Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Meetings

The Board of Directors held 25 meetings during fiscal year 2018. Each incumbent director

attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings held by
all committees on which such director served, during the period for which such director served.

It is our policy that directors are invited and encouraged to attend the annual meeting of

stockholders. Eight of our nine directors serving on the Board or nominated to serve on the Board at
the time of the meeting attended the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Sustainability

At Rite Aid, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable environmental, health and
safety regulations and in accordance with our core values. We view conserving energy, avoiding the
unnecessary generation of waste, and carrying out company activities in ways that preserve and promote
a clean, safe and healthy environment as the environmental and social sustainability priorities for our
business. The Board receives periodic updates from the Company’s management on sustainability
initiatives and progress.

Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct outlines our core values and describes additional

corporate policies on ESG issues, including polices in the areas of, among others, customer and worker
safety and environmental management, including energy and waste minimization. We expect our
officers, directors and associates to uphold the standards set forth in the Code of Business Ethics and
Conduct at work every day.

We view adopting green business principles as part of our overall business strategy and believe it is

a conscientious decision for our business, our community and the environment. In recent years, we
have made significant investments in energy efficiency and waste reduction initiatives and have
committed to building new and remodeled stores to meet or exceed the national building code
standards for energy efficiency. For example, in striving to conserve energy and avoid the unnecessary
generation of waste, we have upgraded lighting to reduce our annual electricity consumption by
63 million KWh, replaced less efficient rooftop HVAC units with higher-efficiency models to save
14 million KWh per year and installed over 1.3 million square feet of white ‘‘cool roof’’ on our facilities
to significantly reduce solar heat gain and demand for air conditioning. In addition, Rite Aid utilizes
best-in-class architectural and engineering design firms that employ Building Council LEED↩-
accredited staff in order to help us develop our new store designs that meet or exceed the national
building code standards for energy efficiency.

Recently, we announced that we have established a Chemical Policy and expanded our Restricted
Substances List as part of our ongoing efforts to meet customer expectations for chemical management
and product safety. We have been working closely with our supplier partners to eliminate eight
chemicals of high concern from formulated private brand items since 2016, and we expect to eliminate
these chemicals from our private brand items by 2020. We have also expanded our Restricted
Substances List to bring the total number of restricted chemicals from eight to 70. To assist
stakeholders in understanding the impact of these initiatives, in 2019 we will begin reporting progress
towards 100% elimination of the eight chemicals of high concern from our private brand products and
the number of new products launched in a year that are free of the eight chemicals of high concern.
Our long-term goal is to extend the Chemical Policy to cover all of the products sold in our stores. In
2019, we plan to extend the chemical program to cover formulated products like over-the-counter
medications, vitamins and supplements, as well as food and beverages.

Further information about our commitment to sustainability is available on our website under the

headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Sustainability’’ and ‘‘Corporate Info—Chemical Policy.’’

22

Directors’ Compensation

Each non-management director receives an annual payment of $100,000 in cash, payable quarterly
in arrears. In addition, (i) the Lead Independent Director/Independent Chairman of the Board receives
an additional annual payment of $25,000; (ii) the Chair of the Audit Committee receives an additional
annual payment of $20,000; (iii) the Chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and
Governance Committee each receive an additional annual payment of $10,000; and (iv) each member
of the Audit Committee (other than the Chair) receives an additional annual payment of $10,000.
Non-management directors also received an annual award of restricted stock or restricted stock units
valued at $120,000 (with the number of shares subject to the grant calculated by dividing 120,000 by the
closing price of our common stock on the day before the date of grant, rounded to the nearest whole
share). The annual grant vests 80% on the first anniversary of the grant and 10% on each of the
second and third anniversaries of the grant. Directors who are officers and/or Rite Aid associates
receive no separate compensation for service as directors or committee members. Directors are
reimbursed for travel and lodging expenses associated with attending Board of Directors and Board
committee meetings.

Non-management directors are subject to our Stock Ownership Guidelines discussed on pages 52

to 53.

23

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018

The following Director Compensation Table sets forth fees, awards and other compensation paid to

or earned by our non-management directors who served during the fiscal year ended March 3, 2018:

Non-Equity

Change In
Nonqualified

Fees

Paid in
Cash ($)

Option Incentive Plan

Stock
Awards Awards Compensation Compensation Compensation
($)(1)(2)

All Other

Deferred

Name
($)
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.
. . . . . 110,000 120,083 —
Bruce G. Bodaken . . . . . . . . . . 100,000 120,083 —
David R. Jessick . . . . . . . . . . . 120,000 120,083 —
Kevin E. Lofton . . . . . . . . . . . 110,000 120,083 —
Myrtle Potter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100,000 120,083 —
Michael N. Regan . . . . . . . . . . 135,000 120,083 —
Frank A. Savage . . . . . . . . . . . 109,102 120,083 —
Marcy Syms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 110,000 120,083 —

($)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

($)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

($)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Total ($)
230,083
220,083
240,083
230,083
220,083
255,083
229,185
230,083

(1) Represents the grant date fair value of stock awards granted in fiscal year 2018 in accordance with

Financial Accounting Standards Board (‘‘FASB’’) Topic 718. For information regarding the
assumptions used in determining the fair value of an award, please refer to Note 17 to our
financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the
SEC on April 26, 2018. We recognize expense ratably over the three-year vesting period.

(2) The number of unvested restricted stock awards outstanding as of March 3, 2018 for each director

is detailed in the table below.

Name
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Bruce G. Bodaken . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

David R. Jessick . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Kevin E. Lofton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Myrtle Potter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Michael N. Regan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Frank A. Savage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Marcy Syms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Grant Date

June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017
June 25, 2015
June 22, 2016
July 17, 2017

24

Number of

Stock

Awards (#)

1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984
1,382
3,100
51,984

PROPOSAL NO. 2

RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC

ACCOUNTING FIRM

The accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP (‘‘Deloitte & Touche’’) has been selected as the
independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for the fiscal year ending March 2,
2019. Deloitte & Touche has audited the accounts and records of Rite Aid and its subsidiaries since
2000. Although the selection of accounting firms does not require ratification, the Board of Directors
has directed that the appointment of Deloitte & Touche be submitted to the stockholders for
ratification due to the significance of their appointment by the Company. If the stockholders do not
ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche, the Audit Committee will consider the appointment of
another independent registered public accounting firm. A representative of Deloitte & Touche will be
present at the Annual Meeting, will have the opportunity to make a statement and will be available to
respond to appropriate questions.

RECOMMENDATION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘FOR’’

THE RATIFICATION OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS THE COMPANY’S

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019.

25

PROPOSAL NO. 3

ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
In accordance with the requirements of Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are including in this
proxy statement a resolution, subject to stockholder vote, to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis,
the compensation of our Named Executive Officers (as defined in the section entitled ‘‘Executive
Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis’’).

Prior to voting, stockholders may wish to carefully review our discussion of the compensation of
our Named Executive Officers, as presented in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, tables and
narrative disclosure, on pages 36 to 53, as well as the discussion regarding the Compensation
Committee on pages 18 to 19.

The Company’s primary compensation goals for our Named Executive Officers are to attract,

motivate and retain the most talented and dedicated executives and to align the interests of our Named
Executive Officers with the interests of our stockholders. The Company’s compensation programs are
designed to reward our Named Executive Officers for the achievement of annual and long-term
strategic and operational goals and the achievement of increased total stockholder return, while at the
same time avoiding the encouragement of unnecessary or excessive risk-taking. The Company
encourages stockholders to review the executive compensation disclosure in the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis section and executive compensation tables in this proxy statement for complete
details of how its compensation policies and procedures for its Named Executive Officers operate and
are designed to achieve the Company’s compensation objectives.

We believe that the Company’s compensation programs for its Named Executive Officers have

been effective at promoting the achievement of positive results, appropriately aligning pay and
performance and in enabling the Company to attract and retain very talented executives within our
industry, while at the same time avoiding the encouragement of unnecessary or excessive risk-taking.

We are asking our stockholders to indicate their support for the compensation of our Named

Executive Officers as described in this proxy statement. This proposal, commonly known as a
‘‘say-on-pay’’ proposal, gives you as a stockholder the opportunity to express your views on our fiscal
year 2018 compensation for our Named Executive Officers. This vote is not intended to address any
specific item of compensation; rather, the vote relates to the overall compensation of our Named
Executive Officers as described in this proxy statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC.

Accordingly, the following resolution is submitted for a stockholder vote at the Annual Meeting:
‘‘RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the

Company’s named executive officers, as disclosed in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2018
Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables
and the narrative discussion.’’

Although this is an advisory vote which will not be binding on the Compensation Committee or

the Board, the Compensation Committee and the Board will carefully review the results of the
stockholder vote. The Compensation Committee will consider stockholders’ concerns and take them
into account in future determinations concerning compensation of its Named Executive Officers. The
Board therefore recommends that you indicate your support for the compensation of the Company’s
Named Executive Offices in fiscal year 2018, as outlined in the above resolution.

RECOMMENDATION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘FOR’’

THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF ITS NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS,

AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT.

26

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

We expect the following proposals (Proposal No. 4, Proposal No. 5 and Proposal No. 6 on the
proxy card) to be presented by stockholders at the Annual Meeting. The proposals and supporting
statements may contain assertions about Rite Aid or other statements that we believe are incorrect. We
have not attempted to refute all of the inaccuracies in the proposals and supporting statements, and the
Company is not responsible for the content of the proposals. The Board has recommended a vote
against these proposals for the reasons set forth following each proposal.

PROPOSAL NO. 4

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN

Steven Krol, who owns 246,775 shares of common stock (based on information provided to us by
Mr. Krol) and whose address will be provided by the Company promptly upon oral or written request,
has notified us that he intends to present the following proposal at the Annual Meeting. The Board of
Directors strongly opposes adoption of the proposal and asks stockholders to review the Board’s
response, which follows the proposal and the proponent’s supporting statement below.

Stockholder Proposal and Supporting Statement

RESOLVED—Shareholders request the Board adopt as policy and amend the bylaws and
governance documents reflecting that the Chairman, whenever possible, be independent defined as
never having served as an executive officer of the company. This policy should not violate any
contractual obligations in effect when this resolution is adopted and immediately implemented
thereafter.
Currently, John Standley has been Chairman and CEO since 2012. In 2000, he joined senior
management until 2005, before returning in 2008. In 2000, the stock was under $5.per share, and
in 2005 it still was.
Separation, which is routine at more successful Walgreens and CVS, prevents undue influence on
the rest of the board. This board should not be led by a management employee itself. He needs a
boss and that boss is the board. The Chairman runs the board. How can the CEO be his own
boss? It hinders the board from the important function of monitoring performance and the timely
hiring and firing of senior level employees.
This historically combined role has led to several near financial disasters:

1. The Thrifty Drug acquisition in 1997 led directly to our $2 billion accounting scandal.

Press reports indicated that banks and not the board pressured Mr. Grass to resign.

2. The 2007 Eckerd acquisition, doubling our debt, suggested the board then was not
focused on the degree of store mismanagement. Both Mr. Miller and Ms. Sammons received
$2 million in combined bonuses simply to close that transaction.

3. The May 2015 Letter to Shareholders announcing the long-term benefits of the

EnvisionRx acquisition, trumpeting company independence, was a dubious statement. Chronology
events prior to the Walgreens merger announcement indicate Rite Aid had more than eight
suitors. Two were named; EnvisionRx in February 2015 and Walgreens in October 2015. Only
Walgreens could ‘‘accelerate’’ executive stock options in a ‘‘change in control’’ worth many millions
of dollars to senior executives. A separate non-executive Chairman having no ‘‘acceleration’’
jackpots, might have made a different decision!

27

In June of 2015, shareholders majority voted to immediately stop acceleration of stock options for
future performance that would never occur in a ‘‘change in control’’. The board has refused to
implement the will/vote of their stakeholders and stop it.
Some boards believe in accountability. The Staples board accepted their CEO’s resignation only
three weeks after their failed acquisition of Office Depot. At the very least, Rite Aid shareholders
must recommend our board separate Chairman and CEO functions, separated briefly in 2010 to
give Ms. Sammons cover in a graceful multi-year exit; combined again in 2012 for Mr. Standley.
Shareholders must make it clear who the board works for. An independent Chairman provides
‘‘checks and balances’’ and enhances investor confidence to invest in our company.
Protect your Investment—Please vote ‘‘FOR’’ this Proposal No. 4

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE

‘‘AGAINST’’ THIS

PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:

The Board believes this stockholder proposal is unnecessary and not in the best interests of

stockholders. As described in detail on pages 7 to 8 of this proxy statement, as of the Annual Meeting,
the Board has currently determined to separate the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board effective at the Annual Meeting.

Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines the Board has the flexibility to determine whether it

is in the best interests of Rite Aid and its stockholders to separate or combine the roles of the
Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer at any point in time. This proposal would
remove this flexibility and narrow the governance arrangements that the Board may consider, which
could be contrary to the best interests of our stockholders. Given the dynamic and competitive
environment in which we operate, and the strategic challenges we face, the right leadership structure
may vary from time to time based on changes in circumstances. Accordingly, the Board believes it
should be permitted to use its business judgment to determine the right leadership structure based on
what it believes best serves the needs of the Company and its stockholders at any particular time.

The Board believes that its current structure and governance practices allow it to provide effective,

independent oversight of the Company and the Chief Executive Officer. Our governance practices are
described in detail on pages 15 to 22 of this proxy statement.

In view of our sound governance practices, the Board believes that the proposal is an unnecessary

limitation on the Board’s flexibility.

RECOMMENDATION

FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY

RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘AGAINST’’ THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REQUIRING

AN INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN.

28

PROPOSAL NO. 5

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia, which owns 900 shares of common stock (based on

information provided to us by the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia), and Trinity Health, which owns
100 shares of common stock (based on information provided to us by Trinity Health), each of whose
address will be provided by the Company promptly upon oral or written request, have notified us that
they intend to present the following proposal at the Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors strongly
opposes adoption of the proposal and asks stockholders to review the Board’s response, which follows
the proposal and the proponents’ supporting statement below.

Stockholder Proposal and Supporting Statement

Sustainability Reporting

2018—Rite Aid Corporation

Resolved: Shareholders request that Rite Aid Corporation prepare a sustainability report
describing the company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities,
including customer and worker safety, privacy and security, environmental management, including
energy and waste minimization, and supply-chain risks. The report, prepared at reasonable cost
and omitting proprietary information, should be published within one year of the 2018 annual
shareholders meeting.
Supporting Statement: We believe tracking and reporting on ESG business practices make a
company more responsive to a transforming business environment characterized by finite natural
resources, changing legislation, concerns over healthcare and safety, and heightened public
expectations for corporate accountability. Reporting also helps companies better integrate and gain
strategic value from existing sustainability efforts, identify gaps and opportunities in products and
processes, develop company-wide communications, publicize innovative practices and receive
feedback.
Mainstream financial companies are continuing to recognize the links between environmental,
social and governance (ESG) performance and shareholder value. As such, the availability of ESG
performance data is growing through a wide range of data providers, such as Bloomberg. Also,
investment firms like Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Asset Management are increasingly
incorporating corporate, social and environmental practices into their investment decisions.
The United Nations’ Principles for Responsible Investment has nearly 1,500 signatories who seek
the integration of ESG factors in investment decision making. They collectively hold $62 trillion
assets under management and require information on ESG factors to analyze fully the risks and
opportunities associated with existing and potential investments.
We believe that disclosure of sustainability policies, programs and performance can help a
company manage sustainability opportunities and risks and that such disclosure is increasingly
becoming a competitive advantage. There are many opportunities to reduce the waste stream.
Other high impact areas with opportunities for improvement include green cleaning, improving air
quality for both staff and customers, water conservation and energy reduction, all of which offer
further ways not only to improve sustainability but also cost saving measures. Customer safety,
product marketing and quality of care, and quality of staff work life, are also areas of concern.
Aligning store operations with Rite Aid’s stated mission ‘‘To improve the health and wellness of
our communities...’’ can build trust and goodwill with current and potential customers.
The report should include a company-wide review of policies, practices and metrics related to ESG
performance using the GRI index and checklist as a reference.

29

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE

‘‘AGAINST’’ THIS

PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:

The Board believes that the stockholder proposal is unnecessary and not in the best interests of

stockholders.

Our Board believes that our existing corporate disclosures, including the environmental, social and

governance (‘‘ESG’’) information available on our website, adequately describe our approach to ESG
matters. Production of a formal sustainability report would require significant time and expense and
would have little added benefit to stockholders in light of the ESG-related disclosures that we already
furnish. Accordingly, our Board does not believe that preparing a formal sustainability report of the
type requested in the stockholder proposal is in the best interest of our stockholders at this time.

At Rite Aid, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable environmental, health and
safety regulations and in accordance with our core values. We are committed to conserving energy,
avoiding the unnecessary generation of waste, and carrying out company activities in ways that preserve
and promote a clean, safe and healthy environment. We publicly affirm these commitments in our Code
of Business Ethics and Conduct, which is available on our website at www.riteaid.com under the
headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Codes of Ethics.’’

Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct outlines our core values and describes additional

corporate policies on ESG issues, including polices in the areas of customer and worker safety, privacy
and security, environmental management, including energy and waste minimization, and supply-chain
risks. We expect our officers, directors and associates to uphold the standards set forth in the Code of
Business Ethics and Conduct at work every day.

Further information about our commitment to environmental sustainability is available on our

website under the headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Sustainability.’’ As described on our website, we believe
that adopting green business principles is a conscientious decision for our business, our community and
the environment. In recent years, we have made significant investments in energy efficiency and waste
reduction initiatives and have committed to building new and remodeled stores to meet or exceed the
national building code standards for energy efficiency.

Rite Aid remains committed to providing reasonable ESG information to our stakeholders,

including investors, customers and our communities. Accordingly, we will continue to assess how to
expand and improve disclosures related to our ESG initiatives. Nevertheless, our Board believes that
preparation of the broad and general report requested by the stockholder proposal is not in the best
interest of our stockholders at this time and would not be an efficient use of our financial and human
resources. Such a report would be an expensive and time-consuming exercise that would be largely
duplicative of information already available on our website or otherwise publicly available.

RECOMMENDATION

FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY

RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘AGAINST’’ THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING A

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT.

30

PROPOSAL NO. 6

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL—REPORT ON GOVERNANCE MEASURES

RELATED TO OPIOIDS

The UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust, which owns 258,666 shares of common stock (based on

information provided to us by the UAW Retiree Medical Benefits Trust) and whose address will be
provided by the Company promptly upon oral or written request, has notified us that it intends to
present the following proposal at the Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors strongly opposes
adoption of the proposal and asks stockholders to review the Board’s response, which follows the
proposal and the proponent’s supporting statement below.

Stockholder Proposal and Supporting Statement

RESOLVED, that shareholders of Rite Aid Corporation (‘‘Rite Aid’’) urge the Board of Directors
(the ‘‘Board’’) to report to shareholders by October 1, 2019, describing the corporate governance
changes Rite Aid has implemented since 2012 to more effectively monitor and manage financial
and reputational risks related to the opioid crisis, including whether Rite Aid has assigned
responsibility for such monitoring to the Board or Board committee(s), revised senior executive
compensation metrics or policies, adopted or changed mechanisms for obtaining input from
stakeholders, or altered policies or processes regarding company political activities.
The report should be prepared at reasonable cost and should omit confidential and proprietary
information.

SUPPORTING STATEMENT

Opioid abuse is a public health crisis: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported
that opioid abuse caused more than 42,000 U.S. deaths in 2016. The economic and social effects of
the crisis are profound. A recent report pegged the cumulative economic toll of the opioid
epidemic at over $1 trillion. (https://altarum.org/about/news-and-events/economic-toll-of-opioid-
crisis-in-u-sexceeded-1-trillion-since-2001). Opioid use and dependency is a key factor in the
decline in prime-age male labor force participation. (https://www.brookings.edu/wpcontent/
uploads/2017/09/1_krueger.pdf)
Rite Aid is a defendant in the Ohio multidistrict opioid litigation.
(https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/27/us/politics/justice-department-opioidlawsuit.html) A lawsuit by
several municipalities in West Virginia alleging that Rite Aid’s inadequate oversight of its
distribution of opioids contributed to the epidemic in that state was also moved to federal court in
April 2018. (https://www.wvgazettemail.com/news/cops_and_courts/wv-opioid-lawsuit-against-
pharmacies-moved-to-federal-court/article_6d265da7-398e-5e18-89b2-1f1493076abb.html). The
company faces similar lawsuits in Tennessee and South Carolina, according to its most recent
annual report.
Rite Aid has also come under fire recently from the Drug Enforcement Administration (‘‘DEA’’)
for irresponsible dispensing and distribution of controlled substances. In 2017, Rite Aid settled
claims, according to an announcement by the DEA, ‘‘to resolve allegations that certain Rite Aid
pharmacies in Los Angeles dispensed and/or recorded controlled substances using a medical
practitioner’s incorrect or invalid DEA registration number.’’ Rite Aid paid an $834,200 civil
penalty. (https://www.dea.gov/press-releases/2017/03/09/rite-aid-pays-834200-settlement-alleged-
controlled-substances-act)
In our view, Board-level oversight and other governance reforms can play an important role in
effectively addressing opioid-related risks, and shareholders would benefit from a fuller
understanding of governance mechanisms serving that function.

31

For example, it is not clear from Rite Aid’s Board committee charters or proxy statement whether
a specific Board committee monitors opioid-related financial and reputational risks; none of the
Board committees has been assigned specific responsibility for overseeing compliance matters such
as reporting to the DEA. As well, Rite Aid’s last proxy statement asserts that individual
performance is among the factors considered in granting long term equity incentive awards to
named executive officers, but does not indicate whether any opioid-related objectives, such as
promoting ethical conduct, were part of that performance assessment.
We urge shareholders to vote for this proposal.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE

‘‘AGAINST’’ THIS

PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:

The Board believes that the stockholder proposal is unnecessary and not in the best interests of

stockholders.

The Board, the Company’s management and the Company’s employees recognize the opioid

epidemic that is afflicting Americans across the United States as a serious public health issue, and we
have publicly expressed our commitment to addressing opioid abuse in the communities we serve.
However, our Board believes that its committee charters and our existing disclosures, including the
governance and other information available on our website and on pages 15 to 22 of this proxy
statement, adequately describe our approach to corporate governance matters, including risk
management. The Company already publicly discloses information regarding how the Board oversees
the Company’s management of risk, focusing primarily on five areas of risk: operational, financial
performance, financial reporting, legal and regulatory, and strategic and reputational. We also publicly
disclose the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct provides guidelines to our associates on how to reduce risk through ethical conduct and
compliance with laws.

As discussed in this proxy statement, the Board reviews with management its plans and processes

for managing risk at least annually. The Board oversees risk management and considers specific risk
topics on an ongoing basis, including the risks associated with opioid medications. The Board also
receives periodic updates from the Company’s compliance and internal assurance services with regard
to the overall effectiveness of the Company’s risk management program and significant areas of risk to
the Company, focusing on the five primary areas of risk set forth above as well as other areas of risk
identified from time to time by the Board, a Board committee or management, and including risks
related to the Company’s distribution of opioid medications. In addition, each Board committee
regularly reports to the full Board on risks within their respective areas of responsibility. For example,
the Compensation Committee annually reviews the Company’s compensation plans, programs and
policies as they relate to the Company’s risk management.

We believe that communication between the Board and our stockholders is a critical aspect of our
corporate governance program. As discussed on pages 7 to 9 of this proxy statement, the Company has
enhanced its stockholder engagement effort and expects to continue this effort in the coming year.

At Rite Aid, we are committed to working with our customers, local law enforcement, community

groups and both federal and state agencies to help reduce the opioid epidemic that is impacting our

32

communities throughout the United States. Rite Aid’s comprehensive strategy to address opioid and
other drug abuse and misuse includes:

(cid:129) Assuring that patients with opioid prescriptions are effectively counseled by providing the

patient/caregiver with auto-generated system supported information on the proper utilization and
handling of opioid medications.

(cid:129) Making DisposeRx, a first-of-its-kind opioid disposal solution, available at all of Rite Aid’s
pharmacies nationwide. Rite Aid provides DisposeRx packets to patients with new opioid
prescriptions and offers DisposeRx packets to patients with chronic opioid prescriptions every six
months. DisposeRx packets contain a biodegradable powder that, when mixed with water in the
prescription vial, dissolves drugs, forming a viscous gel which may be safely discarded in the
trash.

(cid:129) Making naloxone, a medication that can be used to reverse the effects of an opioid overdose,

available without a prescription at all of Rite Aid’s pharmacies nationwide.

(cid:129) Supporting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention guidelines for prescribing opioids,
including limiting acute opioid prescriptions to a seven day supply, limiting the daily dosage of
opioids dispensed based on the strength of the opioid and requiring the use of immediate-
release formulations of opioids before extended release opioids are dispensed.

(cid:129) Ongoing education and training of Rite Aid pharmacists, including risk factors for opioid abuse,

how to identify symptoms of an overdose and what to do in the event of an overdose, an
overview of the various naloxone therapies available and proper administration of each and
recommendations for follow-up care.

(cid:129) Participating in prescription drug monitoring programs, assuring that all pharmacists are

registered for the programs in their respective state(s) of practice and including a ‘‘red flag’’
process for pharmacists to regularly review prescriptions for patients not known by the pharmacy
or where there may be concerns or suspicions of misuse.

(cid:129) The addition of resources on drug safety and disposal on www.riteaid.com under the headings
‘‘Pharmacy & Immunizations—Drug Safety & Disposal.’’ Visitors can search for a disposal site
in their community, learn how to properly dispose of medication at home, access resources
provided by the Food and Drug Administration and the Drug Enforcement Administration
(‘‘DEA’’) and find information on treatment for drug abuse and addiction.

(cid:129) Continuing its process to identify physicians with questionable prescription writing practices,

conducting ongoing reviews of physicians that over-prescribe as compared to the average norms
for a geographic area and, when appropriate, proactively discontinuing filling controlled
substances for certain prescribers.

(cid:129) Continuing to support National Take-Back Days to encourage our patients to bring their unused

or unwanted medications to designated sites sponsored by local law enforcement and the DEA
for proper handling.

(cid:129) Developing the KidsCents Safe Medication Disposal program that is supported through the Rite
Aid Foundation, which provides medication disposal units, free of charge, to local and state law
enforcement agencies and enables individuals to drop off unwanted or expired medications in
secure, safe locations. The Rite Aid Foundation committed $1 million to this initiative and to
date, over 280 units have been installed across the country since the launch of the program in
August 2017.

(cid:129) Committing to add 100 new in-store Safe Medication Disposal units nationwide over 12 months

with the launch of our first kiosk in June 2018 in Lemoyne, PA.

33

(cid:129) The Rite Aid Foundation has committed $1.7 million over three years in partnership with

EVERFI, the nation’s leading technology innovator, to educate high school students to make
safe and healthy decisions about prescription drugs. The digital prescription drug abuse
prevention course is the flagship initiative of the Prescription Drug Safety Network, the nation’s
first public-private initiative to combat prescription drug abuse by providing prevention
education to schools.

Rite Aid remains committed to providing reasonable governance information to our stakeholders,

including investors, customers and our communities. Accordingly, we will continue to assess how to
expand and improve disclosures related to our governance initiatives related to the opioid epidemic.
Nevertheless, our Board believes that preparation of the report requested by the stockholder proposal
is not in the best interest of our stockholders at this time and would not be an efficient use of our
financial and human resources. Such a report would be largely duplicative of information already
available on our website or otherwise publicly available.

RECOMMENDATION

FOR THE REASONS SET FORTH ABOVE, THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY

RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE ‘‘AGAINST’’ THE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING A

REPORT ON GOVERNANCE MEASURES RELATED TO OPIOIDS.

34

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Officers are appointed annually by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board
of Directors. Set forth below is information, as of September 10, 2018, regarding the current executive
officers of Rite Aid.

Name
John T. Standley(1) . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . .

Bryan B. Everett . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . .
David Abelman . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Derek Scott Griffith . . . . . . . . .
Matthew Schroeder . . . . . . . . . .

Position with Rite Aid

Age
55 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
59
President and Chief Operating Officer
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
58
Chief Administrative Officer

45 Chief Operating Officer of Rite Aid Stores
48 Executive Vice President, Pharmacy
59 Executive Vice President, Marketing
56 Executive Vice President, Store Operations
48

Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer

(1) Mr. Standley’s biographical information is provided above in the section identifying the Board of

Directors.

Kermit Crawford. Mr. Crawford joined Rite Aid Corporation in October 2017 as President and

Chief Operating Officer. Most recently, Mr. Crawford has served as a retail and healthcare adviser and
consultant for New York City-based Sycamore Partners, a private equity firm specializing in retail and
consumer investments, since 2015. Prior to joining Sycamore Partners, Mr. Crawford, a licensed
pharmacist, spent more than 30 years with Walgreens, where he held a wide range of store operations
and senior management positions, including responsibility for the company’s pharmacy services, which
included its pharmacy benefit management services. When he retired from Walgreens in 2014,
Mr. Crawford was executive vice president and president of Walgreens’ pharmacy, health and wellness
division, where he was responsible for all aspects of strategic, operational, and financial management
for the division. Mr. Crawford also serves on the board of directors for The Allstate Corporation and
LifePoint Health, Inc.

Darren W. Karst. Mr. Karst was appointed Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial

Officer and Chief Administrative Officer effective October 25, 2015. Prior to this appointment,
Mr. Karst served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2014. Prior to
joining Rite Aid, from 2002 until 2014, Mr. Karst served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Assistant Secretary with Roundy’s, Inc., a Wisconsin-based supermarket chain. From March
1995 until March 1996, Mr. Karst served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Director of Dominick’s Supermarkets, Inc. and from March 1996 until the acquisition of
Dominick’s by Safeway in 1998, Mr. Karst served as Executive Vice President, Finance and
Administration, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director. Mr. Karst was a partner at the Yucaipa
Companies, a private equity investment firm, from 1991 to 2002.

Bryan B. Everett. Mr. Everett was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Rite Aid Stores as of
September 1, 2017. Prior to his promotion to this position, Mr. Everett served as the Executive Vice
President of Store Operations since joining the Company on August 3, 2015. Previously, Mr. Everett
served as the Senior Vice President of Store Operations at Target Corporation overseeing the support
functions and strategy for all stores. From February 2011 to March 2014, Mr. Everett served as the
Senior Vice President of Target stores in the north region, with responsibility for total operations of
457 stores. Mr. Everett held multiple senior leadership positions in stores, operations and
merchandising at Target since 2002. Prior to joining Target, Mr. Everett held leadership positions in the
grocery industry with Aldi Foods and Fleming Wholesale.

35

Jocelyn Z. Konrad. Ms. Konrad was appointed Executive Vice President, Pharmacy effective

August 3, 2015. Prior positions at Rite Aid include Regional Pharmacy Vice President, President of
Healthcare Initiatives and most recently, Group Vice President of Pharmacy Initiatives and Clinical
Services. Prior to joining Rite Aid, Ms. Konrad served as a District Manager for Eckerd Pharmacy
from 1997 through 2007. From 1992 to 1997, she served as a pharmacist for Thrift Drug Pharmacy.
Ms. Konrad is a registered pharmacist and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Philadelphia
College of Pharmacy and Science.

David Abelman. Mr. Abelman was appointed Executive Vice President of Marketing effective

August 3, 2015. Prior to this position, he served as our Senior Vice President of Brand Development &
Innovation since April 2014. Prior to joining Rite Aid, Mr. Abelman was CEO and co-founder of Self
Health Nation. Mr. Abelman also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing &
Merchandising Officer at AC Moore from May 2009 through December 2011 and Senior Vice
President of Marketing for Michael’s from August 2005 through December 2007. He has also held
senior marketing positions at Office Depot, Daymon Associates and the Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea
Company.

Derek Scott Griffith. Mr. Griffith is the Company’s Executive Vice President of Store Operations.
In this position, Mr. Griffith is responsible for all aspects of the company’s chainwide store operations.
Mr. Griffith is a skilled leader with more than 30 years of experience in store operations. He joined
Rite Aid in 2008 as a regional vice president of store operations. In 2010, he was promoted to senior
vice president of store operations, with responsibility for more than 1,100 Rite Aid stores in the
Northeast and Midwest. Prior to joining Rite Aid, Mr. Griffith held various store operations roles with
increasing responsibility at Target and Home Depot. Mr. Griffith holds a bachelor’s degree in
petroleum engineering from West Virginia University.

Matthew Schroeder. Mr. Schroeder was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer

and Treasurer of Rite Aid Corporation effective November 2, 2017. Mr. Schroeder joined Rite Aid in
2000 as vice president of financial accounting and was promoted to group vice president of strategy,
investor relations and treasurer in 2010. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Schroeder worked for
Arthur Andersen, LLP, where he held several positions of increasing responsibility, including audit
senior and audit manager. Mr. Schroeder earned his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Indiana
University of Pennsylvania. He also currently serves as treasurer of The Rite Aid Foundation.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Introduction

We encourage you to read this Compensation Discussion and Analysis for a detailed discussion

and analysis of our fiscal year 2018 executive compensation program for the individuals named below.
We refer to these individuals throughout this Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the
accompanying tables as our ‘‘Named Executive Officers.’’ Except for the disclosure under the heading
‘‘Termination of Merger Agreement with Albertsons Companies, Inc.’’ and updated disclosure under

36

the heading ‘‘Retention Efforts in Fiscal Year 2018,’’ this Compensation Discussion and Analysis was
previously included in our Form 10-K/A as filed with the SEC on June 1, 2018.

Name
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Kermit Crawford . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . President and Chief Operating Officer
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Title

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Administrative Officer

Bryan B. Everett . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chief Operating Officer, Rite Aid Stores
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . Executive Vice President, Pharmacy
Enio A. Montini, Jr.* . . . . . . . . . . . Former Executive Vice President, Merchandising & Distribution

* Mr. Montini retired effective as of December 15, 2017.

Executive Summary

Our Company.
Rite Aid Corporation is the third largest retail drugstore chain in the United States based on

revenues and number of stores, operating 2,550 stores as of March 3, 2018 in 19 states. We also
operate our Pharmacy Benefits Management (PBM) company, EnvisionRxOptions, as we continue our
transition into a retail healthcare organization.

Termination of Merger Agreement with Albertsons Companies, Inc. (‘‘Albertsons’’). On February 18,

2018, Rite Aid entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ‘‘Merger Agreement’’) with
Albertsons, Ranch Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned direct
subsidiary of Albertsons (‘‘Merger Sub II’’) and Ranch Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and
a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Merger Sub II (‘‘Merger Sub’’ and, together with Merger Sub II,
the ‘‘Merger Subs’’). On August 8, 2018, Rite Aid, Albertsons and the Merger Subs entered into a
Termination Agreement (the ‘‘Termination Agreement’’) pursuant to which the parties mutually agreed
to terminate the Merger Agreement. Subject to limited customary exceptions, the Termination
Agreement also mutually releases the parties from any claims of liability to one another relating to the
contemplated merger transaction. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, neither Rite Aid nor
Albertsons were responsible for any payments to the other party as a result of the termination of the
Merger Agreement.

Termination of Merger Agreement with Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (‘‘WBA’’). After pursuit of a

merger with WBA and Victoria Merger Sub, Inc. for nearly 20 months, on June 28, 2017 Rite Aid,
WBA and Victoria Merger Sub, Inc. entered into a Termination Agreement (the ‘‘WBA Merger
Termination Agreement’’) under which the parties agreed to terminate the WBA Merger Agreement.
The WBA Merger Termination Agreement provides that WBA would pay to Rite Aid a termination
fee in the amount of $325.0 million, which we received June 30, 2017.

Asset Sale. On June 28, 2017 Rite Aid entered into an asset purchase agreement with WBA,

which was amended and restated on September 18, 2017, agreeing to sell 1,932 stores, three
distribution centers, related inventory, and other specific assets and liabilities related thereto for a
purchase price of $4.375 billion. On October 17, 2017, we began the process of selling the assets to be
sold to WBA in accordance with the terms and provisions of this agreement. During the fifty-two weeks
ended March 3, 2018, we sold 1,651 stores and related assets to WBA in exchange for proceeds of
$3,553.5 million, which were used to repay outstanding debt, and recognized a pre-tax gain of
$2.1 billion. We estimate that the total pre-tax gain on the sale will be approximately $2.5 billion. As of
March 27, 2018, we have completed the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets

37

have been transferred to WBA. The transfer of the three distribution centers and related inventory is
expected to begin after September 1, 2018.

In fiscal year 2018, we continued reporting our business in two distinct segments. Our Retail

Pharmacy Segment consists of Rite Aid stores, RediClinic and Health Dialog. Our Pharmacy Services
Segment consists of EnvisionRx, our PBM that has been rebranded as EnvisionRxOptions. The above
changes and challenges for our business resulted in the need to address retention concerns in the
immediate term.

We feel that we have assembled a very strong team of executives, which has in turn resulted in our

ability to attract and retain highly talented individuals at all levels of the organization who are
committed to our core values of excellence, integrity and respect for people and have the ability to
execute our strategic and operational priorities. This combination of strong executive leadership and a
highly talented and motivated supporting team has enabled us to focus in on a robust suite of assets
that are both strong and unique in the retail healthcare space.

Our Fiscal Year 2018 Performance Measures for Incentive Programs.
Despite our executive leadership team’s continued focus on driving our business, the extended
duration of the WBA merger and asset sale process, and the resulting uncertainty, had a negative
impact on our fiscal year 2018 results. We were also excluded from some PBM networks and faced
continued pharmacy reimbursement rate challenges that we were unable to offset with reductions in
drug purchasing costs. Below is additional detail related to key financial indicators used as performance
measures in our incentive programs for fiscal year 2018. All amounts, unless stated otherwise, are for
continuing operations:

(cid:129) Adjusted EBITDA was $560 million or 2.6% of revenues for fiscal year 2018 compared to

$740 million or 3.2% of revenues for the prior year (which was one week longer than fiscal year
2018). See the discussion under the caption ‘‘Cash Incentive Bonuses’’ below for more detail on
how Adjusted EBITDA was used. The decline in Adjusted EBITDA is due to a decrease of
$164 million in the Retail Pharmacy Segment and $17 million in the Pharmacy Services Segment.
The decrease in the Retail Pharmacy Segment EBITDA was primarily driven by a decline in
pharmacy sales and gross profit. These declines were due to continued reductions in
reimbursement rates which the Company was unable to fully offset with generic purchasing
efficiencies, as well as lower script counts. The decrease in the Pharmacy Services Segment
EBITDA was primarily driven by a decline in Revenues. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of
our Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, to net income under GAAP.

(cid:129) We had adjusted net loss of $20 million, or $.02 per diluted share compared to the prior year’s

adjusted net income of $85 or $0.08 per diluted share. This decline was primarily due to a
decline in Adjusted EBITDA, as described above. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of our
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share, which are non-GAAP measures,
to net income under GAAP.

(cid:129) Our return on net assets for fiscal year 2018 was  ǁ0.6%. This ratio is a measure of the effective

deployment of our assets within our business.

Our Executive Compensation Philosophy.
We believe strongly that pay should align with performance and this focus is reflected in our

executive compensation programs. We seek to provide our Named Executive Officers with opportunities
to earn total direct compensation (base salary, annual incentives, and long-term incentives) that are
generally aligned with compensation levels provided to peer company executives and executives within
similarly-sized retailers more broadly.

38

Because of our desire to reinforce a performance-based culture, the Company emphasizes a pay
mix that is comprised primarily of variable pay. As a result, base salary makes up the smallest portion
of total direct compensation for the Named Executive Officers, with variable pay in the form of annual
and long-term incentives comprising the remaining portion. The mix varies by position, taking into
account each position’s ability to influence Company results, as well as competitive practice. See
page 43 for a graphical representation of pay mix by executive.

Consideration of Stockholder Votes on Executive Compensation.
In July 2017, our stockholders voted to hold an advisory vote on executive compensation every

year. Consistent with that vote, the Board resolved to hold an advisory ‘‘say-on-pay’’ vote every year in
connection with its annual meeting of stockholders.

At our 2017 Annual Meeting approximately 87% of shares voting on the proposal voted in favor of
the compensation of our Named Executive Officers on a non-binding, advisory basis. As a result of the
strong support of our stockholders in respect of the say-on-pay vote conducted at our 2017 Annual
Meeting, the Compensation Committee determined that no material structural design changes should
be made to our executive compensation program for our Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2018.
As in the past, the Compensation Committee will continue to review the results of future advisory

say-on-pay votes and will consider stockholder concerns and take them into account in future
determinations concerning the compensation of our Named Executive Officers.

Our Fiscal Year 2018 Pay Decisions.
While focused on our compensation philosophy of pay based on performance in fiscal year 2018,

with the impact on our business of the prolonged WBA merger attempt and asset sale and the resulting
uncertainty, along with being excluded from some PBM networks and facing continued pharmacy
reimbursement rate challenges, we believed it was also important to incorporate a retention program
for our leadership team. In addition to providing for pay based on performance metrics intended to be
aligned with stockholder returns we provided time based retention awards to our key leaders, including
the Named Executive Officers.

We used Adjusted EBITDA as the primary financial metric in our annual incentive plan and

long-term performance awards in fiscal year 2018. We believe this was appropriate because EBITDA
growth has historically shown a strong positive correlation with three-year and five-year total
stockholder return for Rite Aid and its peer group and represented the best indicator of Rite Aid’s
operating performance based on our financial situation and corporate structure. With respect to
long-term performance awards, a return on net asset ratio continued to be a component of the
performance assessment. The Compensation Committee believes that return on net assets is a key
indicator of our corporate performance, as it measures how efficiently and effectively we deploy our
assets (return on net assets) and focuses management on the need to improve the Company’s financial
condition over time. Additionally, the Compensation Committee has maintained a plan provision
subjecting the long-term performance award to positive or negative modification based on our relative
stockholder return versus the Russell 3000 Index over the three-year performance period.

Our Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (which consists of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing

operations plus Adjusted EBITDA from the stores sold to Walgreens up to each store’s respective sale
date), for short-term incentive calculation purposes, for fiscal year 2018 was $818 million, which was
below our annual plan target of $985 million, but above the threshold performance level of
$640 million. Based on performance against the adjusted goal, and as described in more detail below
under ‘‘Cash Incentive Bonuses,’’ our Named Executive Officers were paid bonuses at 74.8% of target
for fiscal year 2018 performance. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA, which
is a non-GAAP measure, to net income under GAAP.

39

The performance targets for the long-term incentive awards granted to our Named Executive

Officers in the form of performance stock in fiscal year 2018 are discussed in detail below. See
‘‘Long-Term Incentive Program—Performance Awards’’ on pages 48 to 50.

Objectives of Our Executive Compensation Program

All of our executive compensation and benefits programs are within the purview of the

Compensation Committee, which bases these programs on the same objectives that guide the Company
in establishing all of its compensation programs. The Compensation Committee also administers the
Company’s equity incentive compensation plans. In establishing or approving the compensation of our
Named Executive Officers in any given year, the Compensation Committee is generally guided by the
following objectives:

(cid:129) Compensation should be based on the level of job responsibility, individual performance, and

corporate performance, and should foster the long-term focus required for success in the retail
drugstore industry. As associates progress to higher levels in the organization, an increasing
proportion of their pay is linked to Company performance and stockholder returns and to
longer-term performance because they are in a position to have greater influence on longer-term
results.

(cid:129) Compensation should reflect the value of the job in the marketplace. To attract and retain a

highly skilled, diverse work force, we must remain competitive with the pay of other employers
who compete with us for talent.

(cid:129) Compensation should reward performance. Our programs should deliver compensation that is

related to our corporate performance. Where corporate performance falls short of expectations,
the programs should deliver lower-tier compensation. In addition, the objectives of
pay-for-performance and retention must be balanced. Even in periods of temporary downturns in
overall corporate performance, the programs should continue to ensure that successful,
high-achieving associates will remain motivated and committed to the Company to support the
stability and future needs of the Company.

(cid:129) To be effective, performance-based compensation programs should enable associates to easily

understand how their efforts can affect their pay, both directly through individual performance
accomplishments and indirectly through contributing to the Company’s achievement of its
strategic and operational goals.

(cid:129) Compensation and benefit programs should reward performance relative to consistent measures

and goals at all levels of the organization. While the programs and individual pay levels will
always reflect differences in job responsibilities, geographies, and marketplace considerations, the
overall structure of compensation and benefit programs should be broadly similar across the
organization.

(cid:129) Compensation and benefit programs should attract associates who are interested in a career at

Rite Aid.

The Compensation Committee’s Processes

The Compensation Committee has established a number of processes to assist it in ensuring that

the Company’s executive compensation program is achieving its objectives. Among those are:

Assessment of Company performance. The Compensation Committee uses Company performance

measures in two ways. First, in assessing the linkage between actual total compensation and
performance, the Compensation Committee considers various measures of Company and industry
performance, such as comparable store sales growth, EBITDA growth, return on sales, debt leverage

40

ratios, return on average invested capital and net assets and total stockholder return. In determining
performance relative to the Company’s peer group (as discussed further below), the Compensation
Committee does not apply a formula or assign these performance measures relative weights. Instead, it
makes a subjective determination after considering such measures collectively. Second, as described in
more detail below, the Compensation Committee has established specific Company target incentive/
award levels and performance measures that determine the size of payouts under the Company’s two
formula-based incentive programs—the annual cash incentive bonus program and performance awards
granted under the Company’s long-term incentive program.

Assessment of competitive compensation levels. The Compensation Committee, with the help of its

independent compensation consultant Exequity LLP, assesses the Company’s programs relative to a
peer group of retail organizations and published survey data. The peer group, updated for fiscal year
2018 to reflect the projected decline in the scope of Rite Aid’s operations following the planned
divestiture of stores and distribution centers to WBA, was approved by the Compensation Committee
in September 2017 after a comprehensive review. Because the Company has a limited number of
publicly-traded direct competitors and because pharmacy sales (which account for over two-thirds of
the Company’s revenue) are governed by third-party contracts, we reviewed potential peers relative to
multiple criteria including:

(cid:129) Competitors for executive talent, such as grocery store chains, discount department stores,

pharmacy benefits managers, companies engaged in pharmaceutical distribution, and healthcare
services organizations;

(cid:129) Competitors for investment capital, such as companies considered peers by financial analysts,

companies with a similar capital structure or companies whose stock price movement correlated
most directly with Rite Aid;

(cid:129) Companies with which Rite Aid competes for customers that have pharmacy operations, offer

similar merchandise as Rite Aid, or provide healthcare services; and

(cid:129) Companies of similar size based on revenue as well as enterprise value.
The resulting peer companies, which are considered to be the best representation of our target

labor market, are listed below.

41

Fiscal Year 2018 Peer Group

Peer Company
CVS Health Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreen Boots Alliance, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Best Buy Co., Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Macy’s, Inc.
Dollar General Corp.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dollar Tree, Inc.
AutoNation, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kohl’s Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sears Holdings Corp. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Supervalu Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
J.C. Penney Company, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Henry Schein, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
DaVita Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Office Depot Inc.
Owens & Minor, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Revenues

($ Millions)
184,765
124,028
42,151
24,837
23,471
22,246
21,535
19,095
16,702
14,649
12,506
12,462
12,349
10,877
10,441
10,240
9,318

Note: Revenue reflects trailing 12-month data through February 2018 as available per

Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ.

The Compensation Committee compares the compensation levels of Rite Aid’s Named Executive

Officers to peer company compensation levels in the aggregate, and also compares the pay of individual
executives if the jobs are sufficiently similar to make the comparison meaningful.

In addition to peer group data, the Compensation Committee reviews market data based on

specific functional responsibility for each executive from published survey data. The survey analysis
targets data from similarly-sized retail organizations based on each executive’s functional responsibility.
The surveys used in the analysis include Mercer’s 2017 Executive Remuneration Suite, Mercer’s 2017
Retail Compensation and Benefits Survey, and Towers Watson’s 2017 Survey Report on Top Management
Compensation.

The Compensation Committee uses peer group and survey data primarily to ensure that the
executive compensation program as a whole is competitive, meaning generally within 25% of the
median range of comparative pay of the market when Rite Aid achieves the targeted performance
levels. The Compensation Committee further designed the incentive plans in such a way that executives
can earn above competitive levels for superior performance and below competitive levels if
performance is below expectations. The Compensation Committee assesses overall alignment of the
compensation program rather than benchmarking a specific target position with consideration of
factors, such as Company and individual performance, how executive roles function within Rite Aid,
concerns about executive retention, and availability of equity compensation. The Compensation
Committee assesses Rite Aid’s performance relative to its peer group on both a one- and three-year
basis and observed alignment of performance with actual total direct compensation levels for the
executives in the aggregate.

In fiscal year 2018, management engaged Mercer, a compensation consultant, to provide

management with compensation information for certain executive officers. Pursuant to the terms of its
retention, Mercer reported directly to management, and not to the Compensation Committee, although
the Compensation Committee did review recommendations and analysis prepared by management and
Mercer in determining fiscal year 2018 compensation for the Named Executive Officers.

42

Total compensation review. The Compensation Committee reviews each executive’s base pay,

annual bonus, and long-term incentives annually with the guidance of the Compensation Committee’s
independent compensation consultant. Following the fiscal year 2018 review, the Compensation
Committee determined that the target level and components of compensation for fiscal year 2018 were
competitive and reasonable in the aggregate.

Components of Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2018

For fiscal year 2018, the regular compensation program for our Named Executive Officers

consisted of four primary components: (i) base salary, (ii) a cash incentive bonus opportunity under the
Company’s annual incentive bonus plan, (iii) long-term incentives consisting of restricted stock and
performance-based restricted stock units and (iv) a benefits package, including a Supplemental
Executive Retirement Program (‘‘SERP’’). A significant portion of total compensation under the
program is variable, meaning a significant portion is subject to performance and is comprised of target
annual incentives and target long-term incentives.

The Compensation Committee believes that this program appropriately balances the mix of cash
and equity compensation, the mix of currently-paid and longer-term compensation, and the security of
base benefits in a way that best furthers the compensation objectives discussed above. The chart below
shows the overall mix of base salary, target annual incentives, target long-term incentives, and
contributions under the SERP for Messrs. Standley, Crawford, Karst, Everett, Montini and Ms. Konrad.

Target Total Remuneration(1)

Compensation Component as a % of Total Remuneration for Fiscal Year 2018

100%
90%
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%

3% 3% 5% 7% 7% 7%

45% 38% 42% 43%

61% 59%

28%

22%

24% 24%

12% 14%

26% 23% 21%

29% 29% 29%

SERP
Long Term

Short Term

Base

Standley

Crawford

Karst

Everett

Konrad

M ontini

24SEP201812013324

(1) Target Total Remuneration represents the sum of base salary, target annual incentives, target

long-term incentives, and SERP contributions. Target Total Compensation does not include (i) the
value of broad-based benefits provided to all employees, (ii) components of all other compensation
(except the SERP) shown in the Summary Compensation Table and (iii) retention awards.

Base Salary

Base salary is one element of an executive’s annual cash compensation during employment. The
value of base salary reflects the executive’s long-term performance, skill set and the market value of

43

that skill set. In setting base salaries for fiscal year 2018, the Compensation Committee considered the
following factors:

Pay levels at comparable companies. As noted above, the Compensation Committee uses peer
group data to test for the reasonableness and competitiveness of base salaries, but it also exercises
subjective judgment in view of the Company’s compensation objectives.

Internal relativity. Meaning the relative pay differences for different job levels.

Individual performance. Except for increases associated with promotions or increased

responsibility, increases in base salary for executives from year to year are generally limited to minimal
adjustments to reflect individual performance.

Consideration of the mix of overall compensation. Consistent with our compensation objectives, as
executives progress to higher levels in the organization, a greater proportion of overall compensation is
directly linked to Company performance and stockholder returns. Mr. Standley’s overall compensation,
for example, is more heavily weighted toward short- and long-term incentive compensation
(approximately 85% in the aggregate as shown in the bar chart above) than that of the other Named
Executive Officers.

The Compensation Committee reviewed the Named Executive Officers’ base salaries in April of

fiscal year 2018 and considered the principles described above under ‘‘The Compensation Committee’s
Processes’’ in establishing the Named Executive Officers’ base salaries for the fiscal year as noted in the
chart below. In addition to the annual performance increases, Bryan B. Everett and Jocelyn Z. Konrad
were awarded an additional increase in September in connection with the promotion to Chief
Operating Officer, Rite Aid Stores, and an additional merit increase, respectively.

Executive
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford(a) . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(b) . . . . . . . .

Base Salary at
End of FY 2018
$1,220,550
$1,000,000
$ 830,250
$ 600,000
$ 450,000
$ 481,440

Increase or
Change from

Prior Fiscal Year
3.0%
N/A
2.5%
30.0%
12.5%
2.1%

Rationale

Performance
New hire(a)
Performance
Performance & Promotion
Performance and Merit
Performance

(a) Effective October 2, 2017, Mr. Crawford was hired as President and Chief Operating Officer.
(b) Mr. Montini retired from the Company on December 15, 2017.

Cash Incentive Bonuses

The Company established an annual incentive plan in order to incentivize the Named Executive

Officers to meet the Company’s Adjusted EBITDA target for fiscal year 2018. The Compensation
Committee establishes a target percentage of salary for each participant at the beginning of the fiscal
year and approves the financial goals required for the Company to pay an award. Payouts for the
Named Executive Officers are then determined by the Company’s financial results for the year relative
to the predetermined performance measures. As shown in the Summary Compensation Table under
‘‘Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation,’’ incentives were paid to Named Executive Officers for
fiscal year 2018 performance.

Bonus targets. Targets for each Named Executive Officer were determined based on job

responsibilities, internal relativity, and peer group and survey data. The Compensation Committee’s
objective was to set bonus targets such that total annual cash compensation (including base salary and

44

annual incentive assuming a target payout) was generally aligned with the market with a substantial
portion of that compensation linked to corporate performance. Consistent with our executive
compensation philosophy, individuals with greater job responsibilities had a greater proportion of their
total cash compensation tied to Company performance through the incentive plan. The Compensation
Committee, as a result, established the following targets for fiscal year 2018:

Annual Incentive Opportunity

Executive
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford(a) . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett(b) . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(c) . . . . . . . .

Threshold Payout
(as a % of Salary)

Target Payout

(as a % of Salary)

Maximum Payout
(as a % of Salary)

100%
87.5%
62.5%
44.5%
37.5%
37.5%

200%
175%
125%
89%
75%
75%

400%
350%
250%
178%
150%
150%

(a) The amount of annual incentive opportunity earned by Mr. Crawford was pro-rated based

on his start date effective October 2, 2017 until the end of fiscal year 2018.

(b) Effective as of September 6, 2017, the target payout (as a percentage of annual base

salary) for Mr. Everett was increased to 100% in connection with his promotion to his
current role. The amount of annual incentive opportunity earned by Mr. Everett was
pro-rated such that the target payout of 100% was applied from September 6, 2017 until
the end of fiscal year 2018.

(c) Mr. Montini received a pro-rated portion of his annual incentive based on the earned

amount for the fiscal year pro-rated for the number of accounting periods (full months in
the fiscal year) before his retirement on December 15, 2017.

The Compensation Committee believes that using Adjusted EBITDA as the measure for the

annual incentive plan appropriately encourages officers, including the Named Executive Officers, to
focus on improving operating results which ultimately drive stockholder value. EBITDA growth has
historically shown a strong positive correlation with three-year and five-year total stockholder return for
Rite Aid and its peer group. The majority of Rite Aid’s peer companies use an EBITDA measure in
their annual incentive plans. Based on Rite Aid’s current financial situation and capital structure, the
Compensation Committee believes that Adjusted EBITDA is the best indicator of Rite Aid’s operating
performance. The measure is tracked regularly and is clearly understood by the officers. Officers can
impact the measure by taking actions to improve the operating performance of our stores. In addition,
the Company regularly communicates Adjusted EBITDA to the investment community.

Under the plan formula, payouts can range from 0% to 200% of bonus targets depending on
Company performance. The Compensation Committee initially established an Adjusted EBITDA
performance target of $1,022 million for fiscal year 2018, based on the then-current financial plan
targets. This performance level target, based on the financial plan, was below our fiscal year 2017
performance of $1,137 million as a result of continuing reimbursement rate pressure and the fact that
fiscal year 2018 had one (1) less week than fiscal year 2017. The Compensation Committee also
established a threshold at which management could be rewarded at 50% of bonus target at
achievement of Adjusted EBITDA of $869 million (85% of target), and the Compensation Committee
approved a maximum at which management could be rewarded at 200% of bonus target at achievement
of Adjusted EBITDA of $1,124 million (110% of target).

At its July 2017 meeting, the Compensation Committee re-evaluated the likelihood of achieving
Adjusted EBITDA results above the threshold performance of $869 million after termination of the

45

WBA merger agreement and execution of the subsequent asset sale to divest stores and distribution
centers to WBA. During this meeting, the Compensation Committee determined based on the
projected financial impact of the loss of certain pharmacy services contracts and the Company being
excluded from certain pharmacy networks in which it participated last year, that such level of
performance was extremely unlikely to be attained. Accordingly, in the interest of maintaining a strong
incentive aligned with short-term performance following considerable ongoing challenges and
uncertainty related to the extended duration of the potential WBA merger process, as well as no
payments and projected below-target or no payments under recent and in-cycle annual and long-term
performance incentives, the Compensation Committee lowered the threshold level of performance at
which management could be rewarded with a bonus of 50% of target, and approved a threshold
Adjusted EBITDA of $664 million (65% of target). At the same time, the Compensation Committee
also decided to increase the maximum level of performance at which management could be rewarded
at 200% of bonus target, and approved a maximum Adjusted EBITDA goal of $1,380 million (135% of
target).

Finally, in February 2018, the Compensation Committee modified the annual incentive

performance framework to reflect the impact of the reduction of Adjusted EBITDA resulting from the
divestiture of stores to WBA. Specifically, the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA target was reduced by
$37 million to $985 million, threshold Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA remained 65% of target
(reduced to $640 million), and maximum Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA remained 135% of target
($1,330 million).

In fiscal year 2018, challenges associated with the extended duration of the WBA merger process

and its ultimate termination, the asset sale, as well as the impact of the loss of certain pharmacy
services contracts and being excluded from certain pharmacy networks in which we participated last
year had a substantial negative impact on our fiscal year 2018 results, and Rite Aid’s actual
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA was $818 million, which was below the revised target performance
level, but above the revised threshold performance level, resulting in bonus payments at 74.8% of the
revised target. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA consists of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing
operations plus Adjusted EBITDA from the stores sold to Walgreens up to each store’s respective sale
date. As discussed in greater detail in Appendix A, we define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss)
excluding the impact of income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, LIFO
adjustments, charges or credits for facility closing and impairment, goodwill impairment, inventory
write-downs related to store closings, debt retirements, the WBA merger termination fee, and other
items (including stock-based compensation expense, merger and acquisition-related costs, severance and
costs related to distribution center closures, gain or loss on sale of assets, and revenue deferrals related
to our customer loyalty program). We reference this particular non-GAAP financial measure not only
as a basis for incentive compensation but also in our corporate decision-making because it provides
supplemental information that facilitates internal comparisons to the historical operating performance
of prior periods and external comparisons to competitors’ historical operating performance.

Fiscal Year 2018 Annual Incentive Plan Performance Goal

Performance Level
Threshold . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Target . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maximum . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual Performance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Adjusted EBITDA

Goal (millions)

$ 640
$ 985
$1,330
$ 818

46

Resulting Payout

as a % of

Target Award
50%
100%
200%
74.8%

Long-Term Incentive Program

Crawford Onboarding Grant.

In connection with joining the Company on October 2, 2017 as

President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Crawford received 1,000,000 stock options that will vest in
four equal annual installments, and 975,610 restricted shares that will vest in three equal annual
installments. Mr. Crawford did not otherwise participate in the long-term incentive program set forth
below.

Long-term incentive target opportunity. The purpose of the regular long-term incentive program is

to support the long-term perspective necessary for continued success in our business and focus our
Named Executive Officers on creating long-term, sustainable stockholder value. Our annual long-term
incentive (LTI) targets for each Named Executive Officer as of the date of grant July 17, 2017 are
shown below:

Long-Term Incentive Targets

Executive
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Target

(as a % of Salary)

500%
425%
250%
200%
150%
150%

(a) Mr. Crawford’s long-term incentive target will apply beginning in fiscal year 2019.
Following his start date of October 2, 2017, Mr. Crawford received 1,000,000 stock
options and 975,610 restricted shares, but did not otherwise participate in the long-term
incentive program for fiscal year 2018.

(b) Subsequent to the July 17, 2017 LTI grant, the Compensation Committee recommended

and subsequently approved an increase to Mr. Karst’s and Mr. Everett’s LTI target
percentage to 250% and 200%, respectively.

(c) Mr. Montini forfeited any LTI granted to him on July 17, 2017 with his retirement on

December 15, 2017.

The Compensation Committee reviewed available peer group data and found that the design of

the long-term incentive program is reasonably aligned with general retail industry market practice.
Target grant values for individual executive officers were established based on individual performance
and internal relativity. Consistent with the Company’s compensation philosophy, executive officers at
higher levels received a greater proportion of total pay in the form of long-term incentives.

Long-term incentive mix.

In fiscal year 2018 we used the following types of awards:

Vehicle
Performance-Based

Restricted Stock Units . . .

Restricted Stock . . . . . . . . .

Approximate

Proportion of 2018

Long-Term

Incentive Target

Opportunity

Purpose

50%

50%

Links compensation to multi-year operating results on
key measures tied to stockholder value creation.
Supports retention and provides a vehicle with more
stability and less risk. Aligns executive and stockholder
interests and focuses executives on value creation.

47

In determining the overall mix of long-term incentive vehicles, the following factors were

considered:

(cid:129) Risk/reward tradeoffs: Using multiple long-term incentive vehicles can balance the need for a

strong performance-based program against risk to executives.

(cid:129) Performance measurement: Using a combination of vehicles allows the Company to focus

executives on both stock price appreciation and achievement of consistent operating results (as
indicated by Adjusted EBITDA and other measures) which we believe leads to creation of value
for stockholders.

(cid:129) Management of share usage and market practice: Rite Aid considers market practice concerning
both share usage and competitive long-term incentive levels. Rite Aid uses either a stock-based
performance vehicle or a cash-based performance vehicle that was tied to the stock price which
allows the delivery of a long-term incentive opportunity which is aligned with peer companies
and retailers of similar size. The target LTI mix has been selected to align the maximum
opportunity for executives and associates with our stockholder return.

The Compensation Committee’s process for setting grant dates is discussed below. On the approval

date, those values are converted to the equivalent number of shares based on the closing price of the
Company’s common stock on the date of approval.

Grant timing. The Compensation Committee has a policy that annual long-term incentive awards
(other than special or new hire grants) will be approved by the Compensation Committee once a year
at its annual meeting held in connection with the annual stockholders meeting, with a grant date equal
to the later of the second business day after release of the Company’s first quarter earnings or the date
of approval. Grants are made to the Named Executive Officers at the same time as awards are made to
all other associates as part of the annual grant process.

Special awards. From time to time, the Company may make grants in addition to the annual
equity grant, including those to Named Executive Officers. Typically, these grants include awards to
new hires, promotional awards, or retention awards. Special awards can also be utilized to provide
special performance incentives in connection with specific corporate or financial goals of the Company.
Other than a grant of restricted shares provided to Mr. Everett upon his promotion in September of
2017, as shown below in the ‘‘Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table For Fiscal Year 2018,’’ no special
awards were made to our Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2018.

Performance Awards

Performance awards granted to the Named Executive Officers under the regular long-term

incentive program are in the form of units, which are denominated in a target number of shares and
payable in Company stock or cash if the designated Company performance goals are achieved over the
prescribed performance period. Payouts can range from 0% (for performance below threshold) to
250% of target (for performance at or above maximum). Performance awards are intended to align
interests of executives with those of stockholders through the use of measures the Company believes
drive its long-term success. Performance awards are normally granted annually and are structured as a
targeted number of units based on the Company’s achievement of specific performance levels with
payout occurring after a three-year period.

For the 2016 and 2017 performance award grants (the ‘‘2016-2018 Plan’’ and the ‘‘2017-2019

Plan’’), the Compensation Committee based 80% of the award on the achievement of three-year (fiscal
year 2016-fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2017-fiscal year 2019) cumulative Adjusted EBITDA goals
and the remaining 20% on three-year (fiscal year 2016-fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2017-fiscal year
2019) return on net asset goals. The Compensation Committee also added a provision for each cycle,
subjecting the award to modification based on our relative stockholder return versus the Russell 3000

48

Index over the respective three-year measuring periods. The Compensation Committee believes this
provision further aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders and adds an
additional incentive for them to create sustainable long-term value for the Company.

For the 2018 performance award grants (‘‘2018-2020 Plan’’), the Compensation Committee also
based 80% of the award on the achievement of Adjusted EBITDA goals and the remaining 20% on
return on net assets performance. However, due to the significant uncertainty during the transition of
our business in 2018, the 2018-2020 Plan financial performance goals are based on the accumulation of
one-year goals set for 2019 and 2020 only. As in prior cycles, the Compensation Committee added a
provision subjecting the award to modification based on our relative stockholder return versus the
Russell 3000 Index over the full 2018-2020 performance period.

2016-2018 Plan. Under the 2016-2018 Plan, participants have the opportunity to earn shares of

Rite Aid stock, contingent on cumulative Company financial performance for the three-year period
spanning fiscal year 2016 through fiscal year 2018. Such financial performance is based 80% on the
Adjusted EBITDA goals and 20% on return on net asset goals. The Compensation Committee set a
three-year cumulative target for both metrics. In addition, in order to further align the interests of our
executives with those of our stockholders and add an additional incentive for them to create sustainable
long-term value for the Company, the Compensation Committee also determined to subject the award
to modification of +/ǁ 25% based on our relative stockholder return versus the Russell 3000 Index
over the three-year measuring period. For fiscal years 2016-2018, actual Adjusted EBITDA of
$3,357 million was below the three-year performance threshold of $3,618 million. Actual return on net
assets was 2.4% compared to a target of 18.6%. Accordingly, no awards were earned under the
2016-2018 Plan.

2017-2019 Plan. Under the 2017-2019 Plan, participants have the opportunity to earn shares of

Rite Aid stock, contingent on cumulative Company financial performance for the three-year period
spanning fiscal year 2017-fiscal year 2019. Such financial performance is based 80% on the Adjusted
EBITDA goals and 20% on return on net asset goals. In addition, in order to further align the interests
of our executives with those of our stockholders and add an additional incentive for them to create
sustainable long-term value for the Company, the Compensation Committee also determined to subject
the award to modification of +/ǁ25% based on our relative stockholder return versus the Russell 3000
Index over the three-year measuring period.

2018-2020 Plan. Under the 2018-2020 Plan, participants have the opportunity to earn cash

payments after the end of fiscal year 2020, contingent on performance relative to accumulated one-year
Company financial performance goals for each of fiscal year 2019 and fiscal year 2020. Such financial
performance is based 80% on the Adjusted EBITDA goals and 20% on return on net asset goals. The
value of a unit is tied to the stock price with a maximum value of 300% of the grant date stock price.
This aligns the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. In addition, in order to
further align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders and add an additional
incentive for them to create sustainable long-term value for the Company, the Compensation
Committee also determined to subject the award to modification based on our relative stockholder
return versus the Russell 3000 Index over the three-year vesting period. As shown in the table below,
payouts can range from 0% (for performance below threshold) to 250% of the target number of units
(for performance at or above maximum). 37.5% of the target unit award can be earned for
performance at threshold levels.

49

2018-2020 Plan: Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units

Executive(a)
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(b) . . . . . . . . .

Target
Award

($)

3,051,279
830,214
356,200
309,078
361,053

Threshold

Award

(# of Units)
495,338
134,775
77,100
50,175
58,613

Target
Award

(# of Units)
1,320,900
359,400
154,200
133,800
156,300

Maximum

Award

(# of Units)
3,302,250
898,500
385,500
334,500
390,750

(a) Because Mr. Crawford did not commence employment with the Company until after the

date the 2018-2020 Plan was established, he did not participate in the 2018-2020 Plan. On
his October 2, 2017 start date, Mr. Crawford received 1,000,000 stock options and
975,610 restricted shares.

(b) Mr. Montini forfeited his 2018-2020 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units with his

retirement on December 15, 2017.

Restricted Stock

Restricted stock grants are intended to support retention of executives and focus them on

long-term performance because they generally vest over a multi-year period (three years or longer) and
are tied to the value of our stock. The risk profile of restricted stock is aligned with stockholders, as it
can motivate executives to both increase and preserve stock price. The table below summarizes 2018
restricted stock awards:

2018 Restricted Stock Awards

Executive
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Award Value

($)

$3,051,375
$2,000,000
$ 830,249
$1,324,202
$ 309,000
$ 361,080

# of Shares
1,320,900
975,610
359,400
554,200
133,800
156,300

(a) On his October 2, 2017 start date, Mr. Crawford received 975,610 restricted shares as

shown.

(b) On his September 6, 2017 promotion to Chief Operating Officer, Rite Aid Stores,

Mr. Everett received 400,000 restricted shares.

(c) Mr. Montini forfeited his 2018 restricted stock award with his retirement on

December 15, 2017.

Retention Efforts in Fiscal Year 2018

Rite Aid had entered into individual retention agreements for our Named Executive Officers
(excluding Messrs. Standley and Crawford) and other key officers who are not Named Executive
Officers in coordination with the WBA merger agreement, as previously disclosed. These awards, which
were to be paid 120 days after completion of the merger based on the completion and continued
employment, were not paid out because the merger condition was not satisfied. With the termination of

50

the WBA merger agreement, the Compensation Committee determined to provide new retention
awards for an amount equal to approximately one half of the original retention amount payable on
November 1, 2017, as shown in the Summary Compensation Table. This award was viewed as honoring
a commitment to the leaders related to the merger, the completion of which was outside their control.

In addition to the fiscal year 2018 regular compensation program for the Named Executive

Officers, Rite Aid has entered into individual retention agreements with each of the Named Executive
Officers, as well as other key officers who are not named executive officers, to enhance employee
retention and promote corporate performance, amidst significant volatility and uncertainty related to
restructuring the company. The outstanding retention agreements with each Named Executive Officer
other than Messrs. Standley and Crawford generally provide for the lump-sum payment of the retention
awards in equal installments on August 1, 2018 and May 1, 2019, subject to continued employment
through such retention date or upon an earlier qualifying termination.

The retention agreement with Mr. Crawford generally provides for the lump-sum payment of the
retention award on October 1, 2019, subject to continued employment through such retention date or
an earlier qualifying termination of employment.

The retention agreement with Mr. Standley generally provides for the lump-sum payment of the

retention award (x) on the completion of the Albertson’s Merger if Mr. Standley has not been
appointed to serve as chief executive officer of the combined company or (y) on the date that the Rite
Aid Board of Directors determines that the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will
not be consummated, in each case, subject to continued employment through each such retention date
or an earlier qualifying termination of employment. Due to the termination of the Merger Agreement
on August 8, 2018, Mr. Standley received the $3,000,000 retention payment to which he was entitled
under his retention agreement.

Under the remaining retention agreements, in the aggregate, Mr. Crawford could earn a retention
payment of $1,000,000, Mr. Karst could earn a retention payment of $830,250, Mr. Everett could earn a
retention payment of $600,000 and Ms. Konrad could earn a retention payment of $450,000.
Fifty percent of the retention amount for each officer other than Mr. Crawford was paid based on
continued employment on August 1, 2018.

Post-Retirement Benefits

Supplemental Executive Retirement Program. Each of the Named Executive Officers receives

benefits under a defined contribution supplemental executive retirement plan. Under the SERP, Rite
Aid credits each participant with a specific sum to an individual account established for the participant,
on a monthly basis while the participant is employed. The amount credited is equal to 2% of the
executive officer’s annual base compensation. The participants are able to select among a choice of
earnings indexes, and their accounts are credited with earnings that mirror the investment results of
such indexes. Participants vest in their accounts at the rate of 20% per year for each calendar year of
participation in the SERP at a five-year rolling rate with the entire account balance for each participant
vesting upon death or total disability of the participant, termination without cause during the 12-month
period following a ‘‘change in control’’ of the Company as defined in the SERP or upon termination of
employment at age 60 or greater with at least five years of participation in the SERP. SERP payments
may be delayed due to certain tax rules or deferral elections made by the executive.

Other Post-Employment and Change in Control Benefits

To attract and retain highly skilled executives and to provide for certainty of rights and obligations,

Rite Aid has historically provided employment agreements to its executive officers, including our
Named Executive Officers. The terms of the employment agreements are described in more detail
under the caption ‘‘Executive Employment Agreements.’’ Additional information regarding the
severance and change in control benefits provided under the employment agreements is described
under the section entitled ‘‘Executive Compensation—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control.’’

51

Deductibility Cap on Executive Compensation

The Compensation Committee is aware that Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of

1986, as amended (the ‘‘Code’’), treats certain elements of executive compensation in excess of
$1,000,000 a year payable to our Chief Executive Officer and three other most highly compensated
executives (and, effective beginning in 2018, our Chief Financial Officer) as an expense not deductible
by the Company for federal income tax purposes. The exception providing that payments to these
individuals in excess of the $1,000,000 limit will be deductible if such payments are performance-based
was repealed beginning in 2018, as further described below.

H.R.1, formally known as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act,’’ enacted on December 22, 2017,

substantially modifies Section 162(m) by, among other things, eliminating the performance-based
exception to the $1 million deduction limit effective as of January 1, 2018. As a result, beginning
in 2018, compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers in excess of $1 million will generally be
nondeductible, whether or not it is performance-based. While the Compensation Committee plans to
continue taking actions intended to limit the impact of Section 162(m), it also believes that tax
deductibility is only one of several relevant considerations in setting compensation. Therefore, in order
to maintain the flexibility to provide compensation programs for our Named Executive Officers that
will best incentivize them to achieve our key business objectives and create sustainable long-term
stockholder value, the Compensation Committee reserves the right to pay compensation that may not
be deductible to the Company if it determines that doing so would be in the best interests of the
Company.

H.R.1 also includes a transition rule under which the changes to Section 162(m) described above

will not apply to compensation payable pursuant to a written binding contract that was in effect on
November 2, 2017 and is not subsequently materially modified. To the extent applicable to our existing
contracts and awards, the Compensation Committee may choose to avail itself of the transition rule.

Policy Regarding Recoupment of Certain Compensation

The Company has adopted a formal compensation recovery or ‘‘clawback’’ policy for its executive

officers, including all Named Executive Officers. Pursuant to this policy, the Board of Directors may
seek to recoup certain incentive compensation, including cash bonuses and equity incentive awards paid
based upon the achievement of financial performance metrics, from executives in the event that the
Company is required to restate its financial statements.

Prohibition on Margin Accounts and Hedging and Similar Transactions

Our executive officers and directors, including the Named Executive Officers, are subject to an
insider trading policy that, among other things, prohibits them from holding Company securities in a
margin account, and also prohibits them from engaging in put or call options, short selling or similar
hedging activities involving our stock. We prohibit these transactions because they may reduce the
individual’s incentive to improve our performance, focus the individual on short-term performance at
the expense of long-term objectives and misalign the individual’s interests with those of our
stockholders generally.

Director and Officer Stock Ownership Guidelines

In June 2014, we revised our Stock Ownership Guidelines in order to further the investment of

our non-management directors, executive officers, and Senior Vice Presidents in the success of the

52

Company and to encourage a long-term perspective in managing the Company. The stock ownership
requirements are:

Position
Chief Executive Officer . . . . . . .
President(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Senior Executive Vice Presidents
Executive Vice Presidents . . . . . .
Senior Vice Presidents . . . . . . . .
Non-Management Directors(2) . .

Minimum Ownership Requirements (Number of Share Equivalents)

lesser of 1,400,000 share equivalents or 5 times base salary
lesser of 700,000 share equivalents or 3 times base salary
lesser of 700,000 share equivalents or 3 times base salary
lesser of 200,000 share equivalents or 2 times base salary
lesser of 100,000 share equivalents or 1 times base salary
lesser of 150,000 share equivalents or 2 times annual cash retainer

(1) If the President is also the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer amount shall

apply.

(2) Other than an Executive Chairman, who shall be subject to the same requirement as the Chief

Executive Officer.
Newly appointed or promoted executives who are or become subject to our Stock Ownership

Guidelines and newly elected non-management directors have five years from the time they are
appointed, promoted or elected, as the case may be, to meet the stock ownership requirements.
Currently, all of our Named Executive Officers have achieved the minimum holding ownership
requirement or have not yet served for five years.

For the purposes of determining stock ownership levels, the following forms of equity interests in

the Company are included:

(cid:129) Shares owned outright by the participant or his or her immediate family members residing in the

same household;

(cid:129) Restricted stock and restricted stock units whether or not vested; and
(cid:129) Shares underlying Rite Aid stock options whether or not vested.
Restricted stock and restricted stock units, whether or not vested, and shares owned count as

one (1) share equivalent per share beneficially owned and stock options, whether or not vested, count
as one-half (.5) share equivalent per stock option.

The Compensation Committee is responsible for interpreting and administering the Stock
Ownership Guidelines, and may, from time to time, reevaluate and revise the Stock Ownership
Guidelines, including when there are changes to the Company’s capital structure or where
implementation of the Stock Ownership Guidelines would cause a non-management director, executive
officer or Senior Vice President to incur a hardship due to his or her unique financial circumstances.

53

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed the foregoing
Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on that review and discussion, the
Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion
and Analysis be included in this proxy statement.

Marcy Syms, Chair
Bruce G. Bodaken
Michael N. Regan

54

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

The following summary compensation table sets forth the cash and non-cash compensation for the
fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017, and February 27, 2016, respectively, paid to or earned
by (i) our principal executive officer, (ii) our principal financial officer, (iii) the three most highly
compensated executive officers of the Company other than the principal executive officer or the
principal financial officer who were serving at the end of the 2018 fiscal year and (iv) one former
executive officer who would have been among the three most highly compensated executive officers of
the Company if he had served as an executive officer at the end of the 2018 fiscal year (collectively, the
‘‘Named Executive Officers’’).

Name and Principal
Position

Fiscal
Year

Salary

($)

Bonus

($)

Stock
Awards
($)(1)

Non-Equity
Incentive

Option
Awards Compensation
($)(1)

($)(2)

Plan

2018
2017
2016

2018

2018

2017
2016

2018
2017

2018

John T. Standley . . . . . . .

(CEO)

Kermit Crawford . . . . . . .

(President & COO)

Darren W. Karst

. . . . . . .

(Senior Executive VP,
CFO & CAO)

Bryan B. Everett

. . . . . . .

(COO, Rite Aid Stores)

Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . .
(Executive VP, Pharmacy)

Enio A. Montini, Jr.

. . . . .

(Former Executive VP,
Merchandising &
Distribution)(5)

— 1,825,943
1,219,857 —
—
—
1,184,500 —
4,705,038
1,150,000 — 13,672,926 2,533,385

5,640,243
6,095,121

403,846 —

2,000,000 1,080,000

729,167

829,856 —

1,534,638

—

776,284

809,751 —
790,005 —

533,784 —
461,250 —

1,667,368
1,009,008

1,626,434
712,768

427,846 —

571,326

—
924,136

392,700
—

252,450

—
695,980

—
—

—

—

Change In

Pension
Value and

Nonqualified

Deferred

Compensation

Earnings

($)(3)

All Other

Compensation

($)(4)

Total
($)

314,545
481,309
0

18,921

49,056

52,907
0

17,891
16,768

33,665

319,874
311,025
304,923

9,320,462
8,071,955
22,366,272

1,175,000

5,406,934

782,185

3,972,019

269,584
279,138

413,475
151,086

124,000

2,799,610
3,698,267

2,984,284
1,341,872

1,409,287

2018

410,884 —

667,401

202,566

110,666

387,024

1,778,541

2017
2016

471,500 —
450,303 —

727,087
418,548

—
288,805

—
658,332

159,086
—

136,545
131,225

1,494,218
1,947,213

(1)

The amounts reported reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of each stock award and option award computed in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718. For information regarding the assumptions used in determining the fair value of an award, please refer
to Note 17 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 26, 2018, Note 16 of the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on May 3, 2017 and Note 16 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
as filed with the SEC on April 25, 2016, as applicable. The 2018 stock award includes the grant date fair value of the performance
awards at target, as shown in the chart below. Based upon the maximum level of achievement under the performance awards, the
grant date fair value of such awards would increase for the Named Executive Officers as follows:

Name

Restricted

Stock

Award ($)

Performance Award

Target

Performance ($)

Mr. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Crawford . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Everett
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ms. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Montini
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

3,051,279
2,000,000
830,214
1,324,202
309,078
361,053

2,588,964
—
704,424
302,232
262,248
306,348

Total
Stock

Award ($)

5,640,243
2,000,000
1,534,638
1,626,434
571,326
667,401

Max Performance

Award

Achievement ($)

6,472,410
—
1,761,060
755,580
655,620
765,870

(2)

The amounts in the ‘‘Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation’’ column for fiscal year 2018 represent annual cash incentive
bonuses for performance in fiscal year 2018.

(3) Represents above-market earnings (over 120% of the ‘‘applicable federal rate’’), if applicable, under the Company’s defined

contribution supplemental executive retirement plans.

55

(4)

The amounts in the ‘‘All Other Compensation’’ column for fiscal year 2018 consist of the following:

Name

Financial
Planning

($)

Supplemental

Executive
Retirement

Plan

Allocations

($)

Transportation Automobile

Housing/

Expenses

($)(A)

Retention/
Inducement
Allowance Contributions Award Paid

Matching

401(k)

($)

($)

($)

Mr. Standley . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Crawford . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Everett . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ms. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . .
Mr. Montini

6,305
—
5,000
5,000
—
1,275

290,769
80,000
198,030
135,675
101,200
114,949

—
90,000
56,355
—
—
—

12,000
5,000
12,000
12,000
12,000
10,000

10,800
—
10,800
10,800
10,800
10,800

—
1,000,000
500,000
250,000
—
250,000

(A) Mr. Crawford and Mr. Karst are reimbursed for certain housing and transportation expenses pursuant to their respective

employment agreements. The Company determines the incremental cost of said expenses based on the out-of-pocket
amounts paid for rent, utilities, and travel.

(5) Mr. Montini retired effective December 15, 2017.

56

GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018

The following table summarizes grants of plan-based awards made to Named Executive Officers

during our fiscal year ended March 3, 2018.

Estimated Future Payouts

Under Non-Equity

Incentive Plan Awards(1)
Max

Threshold
50% ($)

Target
100% ($)

200%($)

Estimated Future

Payouts Under Equity

Incentive Plan Awards(2)
Max
(#)

Target

(#)

(#)

Threshold

All

Other
Stock
Awards
(#)(3)

All

Other
Option
Awards
(#)(4)

Exercise
or Base
Price of
Option
Awards
($/Sh)

Grant
Date
Fair
Value

of Stock

and

Option
Awards
($)(5)

Name

Grant
Date

.

John T. Standley .
.
Kermit Crawford(5) .
.
Darren W. Karst
.
Bryan B. Everett .
.

.
.

Jocelyn Z. Konrad .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.

.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.

. 7/17/2017
. 10/2/2017
. 7/17/2017
. 7/17/2017
9/06/2017
. 7/17/2017
. 7/17/2017

1,220,550
729,167
518,906
300,000
—
168,750
180,540

2,441,100 4,882,200
729,167 1,458,334
1,037,813 2,075,625
600,000 1,200,000
—
675,000
722,160

—
337,500
361,080

495,338
—
134,775
57,825
—
50,175
58,613

1,320,900 3,302,250 1,320,900

—
359,400
154,200
—
133,800
156,300

—
— 975,610 1,000,000
—
—
—
—
—

359,400
154,200
— 400,000
133,800
156,300

898,500
385,500

334,500
390,750

2.05

— 5,640,243
3,080,001
— 1,534,638
658,434
—
—
968,000
571,326
—
—
667,401

(1)

The first amount for each Named Executive Officer relates to the opportunity to earn an annual cash incentive bonus, as discussed in the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the caption ‘‘Cash Incentive Bonuses.’’

(2) On July 17, 2017, each Named Executive Officer (other than Mr. Crawford) received a grant of performance based units that will be earned

based upon the achievement of an Adjusted EBITDA goal for fiscal years 2019 and 2020. Vesting for the performance units will occur,
provided the performance target has been met, on February 29, 2020 (the end of the Company’s fiscal year 2020), provided that the Named
Executive Officer is continuously employed at the Company through the date of the earnings release for fiscal year 2020.

(3) On July 17, 2017, the Named Executive Officers (other than Mr. Crawford) received a grant of restricted stock, as described in the

Compensation Discussion and Analysis, under the caption ‘‘Components of Executive Compensation for Fiscal Year 2018—Restricted Stock,’’
and on his October 2, 2017 start date, Mr. Crawford received 975,610 restricted shares. Mr. Everett also received an additional grant of
restricted shares on September 6, 2017. These restricted shares will vest as follows based on continued employment:

Name

Mr. Standley .
.
Mr. Crawford .
.
.
Mr. Karst .
.
.
Mr. Everett .
.
.
Ms. Konrad .
Mr. Montini
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

Restricted

Shares

(#)

Vesting Schedule

.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
. . .
.
.
.
.

.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

1,320,900 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date
975,610 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date
359,400 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date
554,200 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date
133,800 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date
156,300 One-third on each of first three anniversaries of grant date

(4) On his October 2, 2017 start date, Mr. Crawford received 1,000,000 stock options that will vest in four equal annual installments.

(5)

Represents the grant date fair value, measured in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 of stock and option awards made in fiscal year 2018.
Grant date fair values are calculated pursuant to assumptions set forth in Note 14 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed
with the SEC on April 26, 2018.

57

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

Rite Aid has entered into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers, the

material terms of which are described below.

(cid:129) Mr. Standley serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer;
(cid:129) Mr. Crawford serves as President and Chief Operating Officer, a role he assumed October 2,

2017;

(cid:129) Mr. Karst serves as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief

Administrative Officer;

(cid:129) Mr. Everett serves as Chief Operating Officer, Rite Aid Stores;
(cid:129) Ms. Konrad serves as Executive Vice President, Pharmacy; and
(cid:129) Mr. Montini served as Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Distribution from August 7,

2015 until his retirement effective December 15, 2017.

Term for Active Officers. Except for Messrs. Karst, Montini and Crawford, whose terms

commenced on August 20, 2014, February 15, 2010 and October 2, 2017, respectively, the term of each
executive’s employment commenced on the effective date of his or her employment agreement, as
follows: Mr. Standley, September 24, 2008 (as amended and restated as of January 21, 2010);
Mr. Everett, June 22, 2015; and Ms. Konrad, August 3, 2015. Each employment agreement has an
initial term of two years, other than in the case of Messrs. Standley and Crawford, whose agreements
have an initial term of three years (each such period, the ‘‘Initial Term’’). Each agreement will
automatically renew for successive one-year terms (each, a ‘‘Renewal Term’’), unless either the
executive or Rite Aid provides the other with notice of nonrenewal at least 180 days (120 days with
respect to Messrs. Crawford and Everett) prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or a Renewal
Term, as applicable.

Salary and Incentive Bonus. The respective agreements provide each executive with a base salary

and an incentive compensation target (which may be reviewed periodically for increase by the
Compensation Committee).

Inducement Awards.

In connection with the commencement of Mr. Crawford’s employment,

Mr. Crawford’s employment agreement provides for grant on October 2, 2017 of $2,000,000 of
restricted stock units that vest 1/3 annually on the anniversary date of the grant over a period of
three years, 1,000,000 nonqualified stock options to purchase shares of our common stock which
vest 1/4 annually on the anniversary date of the grant over a period of four years and $1,000,000
payable net of tax withholding within the first week of October 2, 2017.

Other Benefits. Pursuant to their employment agreements, each of the Named Executive Officers
is also entitled to participate in Rite Aid’s welfare benefits, fringe benefit and perquisite programs, and
savings plans.

Restrictive Covenants. The employment agreement of each Named Executive Officer prohibits the

officer from competing with Rite Aid during his or her employment period and for a period of one
year thereafter.

Termination and Change in Control Benefits. The provisions of the employment agreements

relating to termination of employment are described under the caption ‘‘Potential Payments Upon
Termination or Change in Control’’ below.

58

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR 2018 YEAR-END

The following table summarizes the number of securities underlying outstanding equity awards for

the Named Executive Officers as of March 3, 2018:

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Equity
Incentive

Plan

Awards:

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised

Number of
Securities
Underlying Option
Unexercised Exercise
Unearned
Exercisable Unexercisable(1)(2) Options (#)

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)

Price
($)

Options

(#)

Number

Shares

of

or

Units of
Stock
That
Have
Not

Vested

(#)(1)(4)

Option

Expiration

Date

Equity
Incentive

Plan

Equity
Awards:
Incentive Market or

Plan

Awards:

# of

Unearned
Shares or

Payout
Value of
Unearned
Shares or
Units of

Market
Value of
Shares or
Units of

Stock That Units That Stock That
Have Not
Have Not

Have Not

Vested
($)(3)

Vested
(#)(1)

Vested
($)(3)

168,800
580,600
2,555,000
1,428,600
2,361,585
1,403,500
1,379,300
936,300
508,875
284,650
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
169,625
284,650
—
—

—

1,000,000

155,850
78,200
—
—

33,400
—
—
—

6,000
33,100
33,800
13,500
4,950
5,800
—
—

60,675
59,750
58,050
32,450
—
—

51,950
78,200
—
—

33,400
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
1,650
5,800
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

0.89
1.24
1.52
1.07
1.24
1.24
1.32
2.76
7.08
8.68

10/2/2018
06/25/2019
01/21/2020
06/23/2020
06/27/2021
06/27/2021
06/25/2022
06/24/2023
06/23/2024
06/24/2025
— 06/22/2026
— 07/17/2027

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
55,200
255,400
1,320,900

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
105,432
487,814
2,522,919

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
731,721
1,320,900(6) 2,522,919

383,100(5)

10/2/2027

975,610

1,863,415

—

—

2.05

6.43
8.68

—

08/20/2024
06/24/2025
06/22/2026
07/1/2027

8.68

06/24/2025
06/22/2026
— 07/17/2027
09/6/2027
—

1.24
1.24
1.32
2.76
7.08
8.68

06/25/2019
06/27/2021
06/25/2022
06/24/2023
06/23/2024
06/24/2025
— 06/22/2026
— 07/17/2027

1.32
2.76
7.08
8.68

06/25/2022
06/24/2023
06/23/2024
06/24/2025
06/22/2026
— 07/17/2027

—
15,166
69,866
359,400

—
29,866
154,200
400,000

—
—
—
—
—
—
25,866
133,800

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
28,967
133,444
686,454

57,044
294,522
764,000

—
—
—
—
—
—
49,404
255,558

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—

104,800(5)
359,400(6)

—
—
200,168
686,454

44,800(5)
154,200(6)

85,568
294,522

—
—
—
—
—
—

38,800(5)
133,800(6)

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
74,108
255,558

—
—
—
—
—
—

Name

John T. Standley .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Kermit Crawford .

Darren W. Karst .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Bryan B. Everett .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Jocelyn Z. Konrad .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Enio A. Montini, Jr.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Date of
Grant

10/02/2008
06/25/2009
01/21/2010
06/23/2010
06/27/2011
06/25/2012
06/24/2013
06/23/2014
06/24/2015
06/24/2015
06/22/2016
07/17/2017

10/2/2017

08/20/2014
06/24/2015
06/22/2016
07/17/2017

06/24/2015
06/22/2016
07/17/2017
09/6/2017

06/25/2009
06/27/2011
06/25/2012
06/24/2013
06/23/2014
06/24/2015
06/22/2016
07/17/2017

06/25/2012
06/24/2013
06/23/2014
06/24/2015
06/22/2016
07/17/2017

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

Refer to ‘‘Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control’’ below for circumstances under which the terms of the vesting of equity awards would be
accelerated.

Stock options will generally vest in equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, based on continued employment. With respect to the
restricted stock awards listed above, one-third of the restricted shares will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, based on continued
employment.

Determined with reference to $1.91, the closing price of a share of Rite Aid common stock on the last trading day before March 3, 2018.

Restricted shares will generally vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date.

Performance units granted on June 22, 2016 will be earned based upon the achievement of an Adjusted EBITDA goal for fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019. Vesting
for the performance units will occur, provided the performance target has been met, on March 2, 2019 (the end of the Company’s fiscal year 2019), provided that
the Named Executive Officer is continuously employed at the Company through the date of the earnings release for fiscal year 2019.

Performance units granted on July 17, 2017 will be earned based upon the achievement of an Adjusted EBITDA goal for fiscal years 2019 and 2020. Vesting for the
performance units will occur, provided the performance target has been met, on February 29, 2020 (the end of the Company’s fiscal year 2020), provided that the
Named Executive Officer is continuously employed at the Company through the date of the earnings release for fiscal year 2020.

59

OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED TABLE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018

The following table summarizes for each Named Executive Officer the stock option exercises and

shares vested during fiscal year 2018:

Name
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Number of Shares

Acquired on
Exercise (#)

Value

Realized on
Exercise ($)

—
—
—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—

Number of Shares

Acquired on
Vesting (#)
1,401,907
—
127,249
14,934
12,934
29,167

Value

Realized on
Vesting ($)
3,486,329
—
342,606
45,997
39,837
96,174

NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018

The following table sets forth the nonqualified deferred compensation activity for each Named

Executive Officer during fiscal year 2018:

Name
John T. Standley(1) . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford(1) . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst(1) . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett(1)
. . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad(1) . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini, Jr.(1) . . . . .

Executive

Contributions in

Last FY ($)

—
—
—
—
—
—

Registrant

Contributions in
Last FY ($)(2)

Aggregate
Earnings in

Last FY
($)(2)

Aggregate

Withdrawals /
Forfeitures ($)

290,769
80,000
198,030
135,675
101,200
114,949

414,049
20,153
68,365
25,565
44,184
141,623

—
—
—
—
—
—

Aggregate

Balance at Last

FYE ($)
3,790,099
100,153
794,283
342,580
436,328
1,204,196

(1) Amounts shown relate to a defined contribution supplemental executive retirement plan covering
the Named Executive Officers. Please refer to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under
the caption ‘‘Post-Retirement Benefits’’ for a description of the material terms of this plan.

(2) Amounts shown were reported to the extent required in the ‘‘All Other Compensation’’ column of

the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2018.

POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL

As discussed above under the caption ‘‘Executive Employment Agreements,’’ the Company has

entered into employment agreements with each of the Named Executive Officers. Upon written notice,
the employment agreement of each of the Named Executive Officers is terminable by either Rite Aid
or the individual officer seeking termination.

Pursuant to his employment agreement with the Company, if Mr. Standley is terminated by the

Company without ‘‘cause,’’ if he terminates his employment for ‘‘good reason’’ (as such terms are
defined in his employment agreement) or if the Company provides a notice of nonrenewal at least
180 days prior to the expiration of his employment agreement, a ‘‘Company Nonrenewal,’’ and such
Company Nonrenewal occurs within six months of a change in control, then he will be entitled to
receive:

(cid:129) a severance amount equal to two times the sum of his annual base salary and target bonus

(one times the sum in the case of a Company Nonrenewal), a pro-rata bonus for the fiscal year

60

of termination and any accrued but unpaid salary and benefits. The severance amount is payable
in installments over the two-year period (one year upon a Company Nonrenewal) following the
termination;

(cid:129) continued health benefits for two years following the termination (one year in the case of a

Company Nonrenewal); and

(cid:129) all outstanding stock options will immediately vest and be exercisable, generally, for a period of
one year following the termination of employment and the restrictions on the restricted common
stock will immediately lapse to the extent the restrictions would have lapsed had he remained
employed by Rite Aid for three years (one year in the case of a Company Nonrenewal)
following the termination.

If Rite Aid terminates Mr. Standley for ‘‘cause,’’ or he terminates his employment without ‘‘good

reason’’:

(cid:129) Rite Aid shall pay Mr. Standley all accrued but unpaid salary and benefits;
(cid:129) any portion of any then-outstanding stock option grant that was not exercised prior to the date

of termination will immediately terminate (provided that if he terminates his employment
without good reason, any options that have vested and become exercisable prior to the date of
termination will generally remain exercisable for a period of 90 days); and

(cid:129) any portion of any restricted stock award, or other equity incentive award, as to which the

restrictions have not lapsed or as to which any other conditions were not satisfied prior to the
date of termination will be forfeited.

If Mr. Standley’s employment is terminated as a result of his death or ‘‘disability’’ (as such term is
defined in his employment agreement), he (or his estate, as the case may be) will be entitled to receive
all accrued but unpaid salary and benefits payable under death or disability benefit plans in which he
participates, a pro-rata bonus (paid at the same time it is paid to other eligible participants in the
bonus plan and based on actual achievement of performance targets for the fiscal year), continued
health insurance (or reimbursement for the cost of such benefits) for two years for Mr. Standley and/or
his or her immediate family, as applicable, vesting of all stock options and vesting of an amount of
restricted stock that would have vested had he remained employed for three years following the date of
termination.

Pursuant to their employment agreements with the Company, if either of Messrs. Karst and

Crawford is terminated by Rite Aid without ‘‘cause’’ or if such officer’s employment is terminated by
the officer for ‘‘good reason’’ (as such terms are defined in the applicable employment agreement),
then the officer will be entitled to receive:

(cid:129) a severance amount equal to two times the sum of the annual base salary and target bonus, a

pro-rata bonus for the fiscal year of termination and any accrued but unpaid salary and benefits.
The severance amount is payable in installments over the two-year period following the
termination;

(cid:129) continued health benefits for two years following the termination; and
(cid:129) all outstanding stock options will immediately vest and be exercisable, generally, for a period of
90 days following the termination of employment and the restrictions on the restricted common
stock will immediately lapse to the extent the options would have vested and restrictions would
have lapsed, in each case, had the officer remained employed by Rite Aid for two years
following the termination.

Pursuant to their employment agreements with the Company, if Mr. Everett or Ms. Konrad is

terminated by Rite Aid without ‘‘cause’’ or if such officer’s employment is terminated by the officer for

61

‘‘good reason’’ (as such terms are defined in the applicable employment agreement), then the officer
will be entitled to receive:

(cid:129) a severance amount equal to two times annual base salary as of the date of termination of

employment, payable in installments over the two-year period following the termination;

(cid:129) continued health benefits for two years following the termination; and
(cid:129) all outstanding stock options will immediately vest and be exercisable, generally, for a period of
90 days following the termination of employment and the restrictions on the restricted common
stock will immediately lapse, each to the extent the options would have vested and restrictions
would have lapsed, in each case, had the officer remained employed by Rite Aid for two years
following the termination.

In addition, Mr. Everett’s and Ms. Konrad’s employment agreements provide that if termination
occurs following the start of Rite Aid’s fiscal year and if the Board of Directors determines that Rite
Aid achieved or exceeded its annual performance targets for the fiscal year, Mr. Everett and
Ms. Konrad are entitled to an amount equal to their target annual bonus, pro-rated to reflect the
number of days in the fiscal year prior to the termination.

If Rite Aid terminates any of the Named Executive Officers for ‘‘cause,’’ or if any of the Named

Executive Officers terminates his or her employment without ‘‘good reason’’ (with the exception of
Mr. Standley, whose termination provisions are described above):

(cid:129) Rite Aid shall pay the officer all accrued but unpaid salary and benefits;
(cid:129) any portion of any then-outstanding stock option grant that was not exercised prior to the date

of termination will immediately terminate (provided that if the officer terminates his or her
employment without good reason, any options that have vested and become exercisable prior to
the date of termination will generally remain exercisable for a period of 90 days); and

(cid:129) any portion of any restricted stock award, or other equity incentive award, as to which the

restrictions have not lapsed or as to which any other conditions were not satisfied prior to the
date of termination will be forfeited.

If the employment of any of the Named Executive Officers (other than Mr. Standley whose

benefits upon such termination are described above) is terminated as a result of death or ‘‘disability’’
(as such term is defined in each employment agreement), the officer will be entitled to receive all
accrued but unpaid salary and benefits payable under death or disability benefit plans in which the
officer participates, continued health insurance (or reimbursement for the cost of such benefits) for
two years for the officer and/or his or her immediate family, as applicable, vesting of all stock options
and vesting of an amount of restricted stock that would have vested had the officer remained employed
for two years following the date of termination. Messrs. Karst and Crawford will also be entitled to
receive a pro-rata bonus, based on actual achievement of performance targets for the fiscal year, that is
paid at the same time that it is paid to other eligible participants in the bonus plan.

Upon the termination of employment of any of the Named Executive Officers, the officer would

generally become entitled to receive a distribution of his or her vested account balance under the
nonqualified deferred compensation plans maintained by the Company. Pursuant to applicable tax
regulations, any such distributions will generally be delayed for a period of six months following the
Named Executive Officer’s separation from service. The account balance of each Named Executive
Officer is shown in the ‘‘Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for Fiscal Year 2018’’ table above.

62

Change in Control Arrangements.
Under Employment Agreements. Under Mr. Standley’s employment agreement, upon a change in
control, all of his stock options awarded pursuant to his employment agreement and all stock options
awarded pursuant to the Company’s executive equity program then held by him will immediately vest
and become exercisable. Severance benefits would not be triggered pursuant to a change in control
unless it is followed by Mr. Standley’s termination of employment under the circumstances described
above. Similarly, severance benefits would not be triggered pursuant to a change in control unless it is
followed by Mr. Karst’s, Mr. Crawford’s, Mr. Everett’s or Ms. Konrad’s termination of employment,
respectively, under the circumstances described above.

For purposes of the employment agreements with the Named Executive Officers, where applicable,

the term ‘‘change in control’’ generally means an acquisition of 35% or more of the Company’s
combined voting power; the incumbent directors (generally including current directors and future
directors whose election or nomination is approved by the Board) ceasing to constitute a majority of
the Board; the consummation of a merger or similar transaction, other than (i) such a transaction in
which the voting securities outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to represent at
least 60% of the voting power of the Company immediately after the transaction or (ii) a
recapitalization or similar transaction in which no person becomes the beneficial owner of 35% or more
of the Company’s combined voting power; or the stockholders approve a plan of complete liquidation
or dissolution of the Company.

Mr. Standley’s employment agreement provides that he will receive an additional payment to
reimburse him for any excise taxes imposed pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, together with
reimbursement for any additional taxes incurred by reason of such payments. The employment
agreements with Messrs. Karst, Crawford, Montini and Everett and Ms. Konrad provide that any
portion of any payment that is subject to tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code will be reduced to
the extent necessary so that the Named Executive Officer would retain a greater amount on an
after-tax basis than had the excise tax been imposed on the unreduced amount of the payments.

Under Rite Aid’s Equity Program. Pursuant to the terms of the Company’s equity program, unless

otherwise provided in a Named Executive Officer’s employment agreement or individual award
agreement, if outstanding equity awards are assumed or substituted in connection with a change in
control, the change in control will not cause the vesting of such awards to accelerate unless the change
in control is followed by a qualifying termination of employment within the 24-month period following
the change in control. All outstanding equity awards granted pursuant to the Company’s equity
program that are not assumed or substituted in connection with a change in control will become fully
vested and exercisable, free of applicable restrictions, and all performance criteria will be deemed to
have been achieved at target levels, upon the occurrence of the change in control.

For purposes of Rite Aid’s equity program, a ‘‘change in control’’ means, in general: (i) a person

or entity acquires securities of Rite Aid representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of
Rite Aid; (ii) an unapproved change in the majority membership of the Board; (iii) consummation of a
merger or consolidation of Rite Aid or any subsidiary of Rite Aid, other than a merger or
consolidation that results in the Rite Aid voting securities continuing to represent at least 60% of the
combined voting power of the surviving entity or its parent, or a merger or consolidation effected to
implement a recapitalization or similar transaction involving Rite Aid in which no person or entity
acquires at least 35% of the combined voting power of Rite Aid; or (iv) stockholder approval of a plan
of complete liquidation or dissolution of Rite Aid or the consummation of an agreement for the sale or
disposition of all or substantially all of Rite Aid’s assets, other than a sale or disposition to an entity, at
least 60% of the combined voting power of which is owned by Rite Aid stockholders in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of Rite Aid immediately prior to such sale. For more
information regarding the equity program, refer to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under
the caption ‘‘Long-Term Incentive Program.’’

63

Under Rite Aid’s Supplemental Retirement Plan. The unvested account balance of the supplemental
executive retirement plan in which the Named Executive Officers participate will vest upon a change in
control of the Company as defined in the supplemental executive retirement plan, only if such Named
Executive Officer is involuntarily terminated without cause within 12 months of the change in control.
For more information regarding the supplemental executive retirement plan, refer to the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis under the caption ‘‘Post-Retirement Benefits.’’

Under Retention Award Agreements. Under each Named Executive Officer’s outstanding retention

agreement with the Company, the Named Executive Officer will be entitled to receive any unpaid
portion of the retention award if the executive’s employment is terminated prior to the scheduled
vesting date by the Company without ‘‘cause,’’ or by the Named Executive Officer for ‘‘good reason’’
(as such terms are defined in the applicable employment agreement), payable in a lump sum within
five (5) business days following such termination. Due to the termination of the Merger Agreement on
August 8, 2018, Mr. Standley was paid the retention amount to which he was entitled under his
retention agreement. For more information regarding the retention awards, refer to the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis under the caption ‘‘Retention Efforts in Fiscal Year 2018.’’

Quantification of Payments Described. The termination and change in control payments that would

have been made to the Named Executive Officers had their employment been terminated as of
March 3, 2018 under the circumstances described in the tables below are quantified in the tables below.
Due to Mr. Montini’s retirement on December 15, 2017, Mr. Montini has no potential payments upon
termination and did not receive any severance payments upon his retirement. As discussed in the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the caption ‘‘Cash Incentive Bonuses’’ and shown in the
Summary Compensation Table, Mr. Montini received a portion of his annual incentive based on the
earned amount for the fiscal year pro-rated for the number of accounting periods (full months in the
fiscal year) elapsed before his retirement.

John T. Standley
2  ǂ Base Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2  ǂ Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro-Rated Incentive Bonus for Past

Fiscal Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SERP Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vesting of Equity(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
280G Gross Up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retention Award Vesting(3) . . . . . . . . .

Death ($)
N/A
N/A

Disability ($)
N/A
N/A

1,825,943
29,828
745,539
5,529,832
N/A
N/A

1,825,943
29,828
745,539
5,529,832
N/A
N/A

Termination
Without Cause

or Quit for
Good Reason

($)(a)

2,441,100
4,882,200

1,825,943
29,828
745,539
5,529,832
N/A
3,000,000

Termination Without

Cause or Quit for Good

Reason Following a
Change in Control

($)(a)

2,441,100
4,882,200

1,825,943
29,828
745,539

6,370,805(2)

—
3,000,000

(a) As discussed above, in the event of a Company Nonrenewal, Mr. Standley’s termination payments
are as follows: (i) severance is equal to 1x base salary and bonus, plus a pro-rated incentive bonus;
(ii) health benefits will continue for one year; (iii) the unvested account balance in his SERP will
vest; and (iv) options will vest and become exercisable and the restrictions with respect to awards
of restricted stock will lapse to the extent such restrictions would have lapsed had Mr. Standley
remained employed for one year. If a Company Nonrenewal occurs within six months of a change

64

in control, the severance formula is the same as termination by the Company without Cause or by
Mr. Standley for Good Reason, as reflected in the table.

Kermit Crawford
2  ǂ Base Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2  ǂ Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro-Rated Incentive Bonus for Past

Fiscal Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SERP Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vesting of Equity(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
280G Gross Up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retention Award Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . .

Darren W. Karst
2  ǂ Base Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2  ǂ Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro-Rated Incentive Bonus for Past

Fiscal Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SERP Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vesting of Equity(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
280G Gross Up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retention Award Vesting(4) . . . . . . . . .

Death ($)
N/A
N/A

Disability ($)
N/A
N/A

Termination
Without Cause

or Quit for
Good Reason

($)

Termination Without

Cause or Quit for Good

Reason Following a
Change in Control

($)

2,000,000
3,500,000

2,000,000
3,500,000

—
20,104
92,133
1,242,277
N/A
—

—
20,104
92,133
1,242,277
N/A

—
20,104
92,133
1,242,277
N/A
— $1,000,000

—
20,104
92,133

1,863,415(2)

N/A
$1,000,000

Death ($)
N/A
N/A

Disability ($)
N/A
N/A

Termination
Without Cause

or Quit for
Good Reason

($)

Termination Without

Cause or Quit for Good

Reason Following a
Change in Control

($)

1,619,500
2,024,376

1,619,500
2,024,376

776,284
21,256
461,234
1,506,669
N/A
—

776,284
21,256
461,234
1,506,669
N/A

776,284
21,256
461,234
1,506,669
N/A
— $ 830,250

776,284
21,256
461,234

1,735,487(2)

N/A
$ 830,250

Termination Without

Cause or Quit for Good

Reason Following a
Change in Control

($)

1,200,000
1,200,000

392,700
28,493
236,855

1,445,232(2)

N/A
$ 600,000

Termination
Without Cause

or Quit for
Good Reason

($)

1,200,000
1,200,000

392,700
28,493
236,855
1,142,816
N/A
$ 600,000

Bryan B. Everett
2  ǂ Base Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2  ǂ Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro-Rated Incentive Bonus for Past Fiscal
Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SERP Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vesting of Equity(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
280G Gross Up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retention Award Vesting(4) . . . . . . . . . .

Death ($)
N/A
N/A

Disability ($)
N/A
N/A

392,700
28,493
236,855
1,142,816
N/A
—

392,700
28,493
236,855
1,142,816
N/A
—

65

Jocelyn Z. Konrad
2  ǂ Base Salary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2  ǂ Bonus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro-Rated Incentive Bonus for Past Fiscal
Year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SERP Vesting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vesting of Equity(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
280G Gross Up . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Retention Award Vesting(4) . . . . . . . . . .

Death ($)
N/A
N/A

Disability ($)
N/A
N/A

252,450
27,994
218,667
549,442
N/A
—

252,450
27,994
218,667
549,442
N/A
—

Termination
Without Cause

or Quit for
Good Reason

($)

Termination Without

Cause or Quit for Good

Reason Following a
Change in Control

($)

900,000
N/A

252,450
27,994
218,667
549,442
N/A
$ 450,000

900,000
N/A

252,450
27,994
218,667
634,628(2)

N/A
$ 450,000

(1) Includes the value of equity awards and performance awards held by the officer that would

become vested under the applicable circumstances. The value of stock options shown is based on
the excess of $1.91, the closing price of a share of Rite Aid common stock on the last trading day
before March 3, 2018, over the exercise price of such options, multiplied by the number of
unvested stock options held by the officer that would become vested under the applicable
circumstances. The value of restricted stock and performance awards that are settled in stock
shown is determined by multiplying $1.91, the closing price of a share of Rite Aid common stock
on the last trading day before March 3, 2018 and the number of shares of restricted stock and the
number of performance awards that are settled in stock held by the officer that would become
vested under the applicable circumstances.

(2) The value would also apply upon a change in control under the assumption that outstanding equity
awards are not assumed or substituted in the change in control transaction, resulting in full vesting
upon the change in control, as described above in the ‘‘Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control—Change in Control Arrangements’’ narrative.

(3) Represents the retention amount to which Mr. Standley was entitled under his retention

agreement. The retention agreement is no longer outstanding.

(4) On August 1, 2018, the named executive officer was paid fifty percent of the amount of his or her

aggregate retention award pursuant to the terms of the retention agreement.

PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE

As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection

Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, we are providing the following
information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our employees other than our
Chief Executive Officer (our ‘‘CEO’’) and the annual total compensation of our CEO. This pay ratio is
a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules based on our payroll and
employment records and the methodology described below. Of our total employee base of 53,594
associates employed as of March 3, 2018, we determined that the 2018 annual total compensation of
the median employee, other than our CEO, was $32,471 and our CEO’s 2018 annual total
compensation was $9,333,530. The ratio of these amounts is 287:1.

To identify the median employee among our associates other than the CEO, we used wages taxable

for federal medical health insurance purposes for the period from March 5, 2017 through March 3,
2018, with such amounts annualized for those permanent employees who were hired during the year.
After identifying the median employee (who is a cashier), we calculated annual total compensation for
such employee using the same methodology we use to determine Mr. Standley’s annual total

66

compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2018, with the following exception.
We took into account the compensation provided under non-discriminatory health and welfare plans by
including actual contributions to a union-sponsored Health Fund for the median employee. As required
by SEC rules, in calculating the annual total compensation for Mr. Standley, we also took into account
the actuarial value of the health and welfare benefits for salaried employees that are self-insured by the
Company, which value is not included in the Summary Compensation Table total for Mr. Standley for
fiscal year 2018, in accordance with SEC rules regarding the disclosure of compensation under broad-
based plans.

The SEC rules for identifying the median employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that
employee’s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply
certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation
practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio
reported above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and
may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates, and assumptions in calculating their own pay
ratios.

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter of the Audit Committee which further

describes the role of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, among other things, appoints and
engages our independent registered public accounting firm and oversees our financial reporting and
internal control over financial reporting processes on behalf of the Board. Management has the primary
responsibility for our financial statements, our accounting principles and our internal control over
financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing our
financial statements and expressing an opinion as to their conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Our independent registered public accounting firm also is
responsible for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting.

In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee met eight times during fiscal year

2018.

During those meetings the Audit Committee:
(cid:129) Met with our internal auditors and independent registered public accounting firm, with and

without management present, to discuss the overall scope and plans for their respective audits,
the results of their examinations, their evaluations of our internal control over financial
reporting and the overall quality of our financial reporting.

(cid:129) Reviewed and discussed with management and our independent registered public accounting

firm, for their respective purposes, the audited financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2018. The discussions included the quality, not just the
acceptability, of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments and the
clarity of disclosures in the financial statements and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal
2018.

(cid:129) Reviewed the unaudited interim financial statements and Forms 10-Q prepared each quarter by

the Company.

(cid:129) Received management representations that the Company’s financial statements were prepared in

accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

(cid:129) Reviewed and updated the Audit Committee charter.

67

(cid:129) Reviewed and discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm those matters
required to be communicated by the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (‘‘PCAOB’’), as well as critical accounting policies and practices, alternative accounting
treatments, and other material written communications between management and our
independent registered public accounting firm, as required by Rule 2-07 of Regulation S-X
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(cid:129) Discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be

discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees,
as adopted by the PCAOB.

(cid:129) Discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm matters relating to their

independence and received the written disclosures and the letter from our independent
registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding
the independent accountant’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning
independence. The Audit Committee has considered whether the level of non-audit related
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm is consistent with
maintaining their independence.

(cid:129) Pre-approved audit, other audit-related and tax services performed by our independent

registered public accounting firm.

In addition to pre-approving the audit and other audit-related and tax services performed by our
independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee requests fee estimates associated
with each proposed service. Providing a fee estimate for a service incorporates appropriate oversight
and control of the independent registered public accounting firm relationship. On a quarterly basis, the
Audit Committee reviews the status of services and fees incurred year-to-date against pre-approved
services and fee estimates.

As outlined in the table below, we incurred the following fees, including expenses billed to the

Company for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 by our independent registered
public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and
their respective affiliates.

Description of Fees

Audit Fees, including audit of annual financial statements and reviews of interim

financial statements, registration statement filings and comfort letters related to
various refinancing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Audit-Related Fees, acquisition-related due diligence procedures and audits of

employee benefit plans’ financial statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax Fees, tax compliance advice and planning . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All Other Fees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$0.2
$0.0
$0.0
$3.5
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the

$1.0
$0.1
$0.0
$4.5

Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 3, 2018 for filing with the SEC.

Year Ended

March 3,

2018

March 4,

2017

(Amounts in millions)

$3.4

$3.3

David R. Jessick, Chair
Kevin E. Lofton
Michael N. Regan

68

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

The following table provides information as of March 3, 2018, with respect to the compensation

plans under which our common stock may be issued:

Plan Category

Equity compensation plans approved by

stockholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity compensation plans not approved
by stockholders(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number of Securities Weighted-Average
Exercise Price of

to be Issued Upon

Exercise of

Outstanding

Outstanding Options, Options, Warrants
Warrants and Rights

and Rights

Number of Securities

Remaining Available for
Future Issuance Under

Equity Compensation Plans

(Excluding Securities

Reflected in Column (a))

(a)

30,737,998

—
30,737,998

(b)

$2.57

—
$2.57

(c)

37,277,257

—
37,277,257

(1) These plans include the Company’s 1999 Plan, under which 10,000,000 shares of common stock are

authorized for the grant of stock options at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, and
the 2001 Plan, under which 20,000,000 shares of common stock are authorized for the grant of
stock options, also at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Both plans provide for the
Compensation Committee to determine both when and in what manner options may be exercised;
however, option terms may not extend for more than 10 years from the applicable date of grant.
The plans provide that stock options may only be granted with exercise prices that are not less
than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. No securities remain
available for future issuance under either the 1999 Plan or the 2001 Plan.

(2) On a fully diluted basis, which reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other

contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock, the number of
shares outstanding was 1,067,318,544.
Of the 37,277,257 shares remaining, there are 25,708,453 shares available for the grant of awards

other than stock options or stock appreciation rights.

69

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Rite Aid’s executive officers, directors and persons

who own more than 10% of Rite Aid common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in
ownership with the SEC and the NYSE. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish Rite
Aid with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such
forms furnished to Rite Aid, we have determined that during fiscal year 2018, no persons subject to
Section 16(a) reporting submitted late filings, except that one Form 4 was filed late for each of
Mr. Abelman, Mr. Anderson, Mr. Bodaken, Mr. Donley, Mr. Everett, Mr. Jessick, Mr. Karst,
Ms. Konrad, Mr. Lofton, Mr. Martindale, Mr. Montini, Ms. Potter, Mr. Regan, Mr. Savage,
Mr. Standley and Ms. Syms, due to an administrative error by the Company in connection with the
grant of the July 17, 2017 annual equity awards under the 2014 Plan.

70

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth, as of August 31, 2018 (except as otherwise noted), certain

information concerning the beneficial ownership of (a) each director and nominee for director, (b) each
of our ‘‘Named Executive Officers’’ (as such term is defined in Item 402(a)(3) of Regulation S-K under
the Exchange Act), (c) each holder known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common
stock and (d) all directors and executive officers as a group (based on 1,066,049,971 shares of common
stock outstanding as of August 31, 2018). Each of the persons named below has sole voting power and
sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite his or her name, except as
otherwise noted.

Beneficial Owners
Named Executive Officers and Directors:

David Abelman . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bruce G. Bodaken . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kermit Crawford . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Bryan B. Everett . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
David R. Jessick . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Darren W. Karst . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert E. Knowling, Jr.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jocelyn Z. Konrad . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Kevin E. Lofton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Louis P. Miramontes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Enio A. Montini . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Arun Nayar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Myrtle Potter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael N. Regan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Frank A. Savage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
John T. Standley . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Marcy Syms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All Executive Officers and Directors (16 persons) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5% Stockholders:

The Vanguard Group . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

100 Vanguard Blvd.
Malvern, PA 19355

Number of

Common Shares

Beneficially Owned(1)

Percentage
of Class

280,503(2)
395,288(3)
129,276(4)
975,610
640,170(5)
853,598(6)
987,665(7)

292,892(8)
114,074(9)

0

0

0

657,822(10)

78,790(11)
395,288(12)
69,367(13)
16,237,678(14)
395,288(15)
22,322,236(16)

*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*

*

1.52%

2.09%

87,936,346(17)

8.24%

Percentage less than 1% of class.

*
(1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act,

thereby including options exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2018.

(2) This amount includes 43,225 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(3) This amount includes 355,288 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before October 30,

2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Mr. Anderson
leaves the Board.

(4) This amount represents 31,250 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before

October 30, 2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when
Mr. Bodaken leaves the Board.

71

(5) This amount includes 50,100 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(6) This amount includes 355,288 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before October 30,

2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Mr. Jessick leaves
the Board.

(7) This amount includes 325,100 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(8) This amount includes 101,700 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(9) This amount represents 11,048 restricted stock units that will vest before October 30, 2018 at
which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Mr. Lofton leaves the
Board.

(10) This amount includes 210,925 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(11) This amount represents 8,953 restricted stock units that will vest before October 30, 2018 at which

time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Ms. Potter leaves the Board.

(12) This amount includes 355,288 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before October 30,

2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Mr. Regan leaves
the Board.

(13) This amount includes 69,367 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before October 30,
2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Mr. Savage leaves
the Board.

(14) This amount includes 11,919,160 shares which may be acquired within 60 days by exercising stock

options.

(15) This amount includes 355,288 restricted stock units that have vested or will vest before October 30,
2018 at which time said units will be payable in shares of common stock when Ms. Syms leaves the
Board.

(16) This amount includes 12,682,785 shares which may be acquired within sixty (60) days by exercising

stock options by all directors and executive officers and 1,541,770 restricted stock units that have
vested and will be payable in shares of common stock when the directors leave the Rite Aid board
of directors.

(17) This information is as of December 31, 2017 and based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by The

Vanguard Group with the SEC on February 12, 2018.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Review and Approval of Related Person Transactions

We have adopted a written policy concerning the review, approval or ratification of transactions
with related persons. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for review, approval
or ratification of ‘‘related person transactions’’ between the Company or its subsidiaries and related
persons. Under SEC rules, a related person is, or any time since the beginning of the last fiscal year
was, a director, an executive officer, a nominee for director, a more than 5% stockholder of the
Company or an immediate family member (as defined under applicable SEC rules) of any of the
foregoing. A related person transaction is any transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of
similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which the Company or a subsidiary is a

72

participant, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a related person had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest.

Directors, executive officers and nominees must complete an annual questionnaire and disclose all
potential related person transactions involving themselves and their immediate family members that are
known to them. Throughout the year, directors and executive officers must notify the Corporate
Secretary and Chief Accounting Officer of any potential related person transactions as soon as they
become aware of any such transaction. The Corporate Secretary and Chief Accounting Officer inform
the Nominating and Governance Committee of any related person transaction of which they are aware.
The Corporate Secretary and Chief Accounting Officer are responsible for conducting a preliminary
analysis and review of potential related person transactions and presentation to the Nominating and
Governance Committee for review, including provision of additional information to enable proper
consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee. As necessary, the Nominating and
Governance Committee shall review approved related person transactions on a periodic basis
throughout the duration of the transaction to ensure that the transactions remain in the best interests
of the Company. The Nominating and Governance Committee may, in its discretion, engage outside
counsel to review certain related person transactions. In addition, the Nominating and Governance
Committee may request that the full Board of Directors consider the approval or ratification of related
person transactions if the Nominating and Governance Committee deems it advisable. A copy of our
full policy concerning transactions with related persons is available on the Governance section of our
website at www.riteaid.com under the headings ‘‘Corporate Info—Governance—Related Person
Transactions.’’

Related Person Transactions

Matthew Schroeder’s brother is a partner in the law firm of Littler Mendelson P.C. The Company

paid the law firm approximately $1.5 million in fiscal year 2018 for employment and labor legal
services. These legal services are provided to Rite Aid on an arm’s length basis. Mr. Schroeder has
never had any role or involvement in the supervision of these services provided to Rite Aid or in any
decisions regarding the retention of Littler Mendelson. The Company’s relationship with Littler
Mendelson pre-dates Mr. Schroeder becoming an executive officer of Rite Aid. The Nominating and
Governance Committee has reviewed the Company’s ongoing relationship with Littler Mendelson to
ensure that it remains in the best interests of the Company.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

The Compensation Committee currently consists of Marcy Syms (Chair), Bruce G. Bodaken and

Michael N. Regan. During fiscal year 2018, no member of the Compensation Committee was an
employee or former employee or executive officer of the Company.

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR

THE 2019 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Any stockholder desiring to present a proposal for inclusion in Rite Aid’s proxy statement for the
2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must deliver the proposal to the Secretary at the address below
not later than May 30, 2019. However, if the date of our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is
changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous year’s meeting, then Rite Aid will disclose
the new deadline in a document filed with the SEC. Only those proposals that comply with the
requirements of Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act will be included in Rite Aid’s proxy statement for
the 2019 Annual Meeting. In order for proposals of stockholders made outside of Rule 14a-8 under the
Exchange Act to be considered ‘‘timely’’ within the meaning of Rule 14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act,
such proposals must be received by the Secretary at the address below by August 1, 2019 (subject to
the discussion below).

73

Stockholders may present proposals that are proper subjects for consideration at an annual

meeting, even if the proposal is not submitted by the deadline for inclusion in the proxy statement. To
do so, the stockholder must comply with the procedures specified in Rite Aid’s By-Laws. The By-Laws,
which are available upon request from the Secretary, require all stockholders who intend to make
proposals at an annual meeting of stockholders to submit their proposals to the Secretary not fewer
than 90 and not more than 120 days before the anniversary date of the previous year’s annual meeting
of stockholders. The By-Laws also provide that nominations for director may only be made by the
Board of Directors (or an authorized Board committee) or, unless made under the proxy access
provisions of the By-Laws described below, by a stockholder of record entitled to vote who sends notice
to the Secretary not fewer than 90 nor more than 120 days before the anniversary date of the previous
year’s annual meeting of stockholders. Any such nomination by a stockholder must comply with the
procedures specified in Rite Aid’s By-Laws. To be eligible for consideration at the 2019 Annual
Meeting, proposals which have not been submitted by the deadline for inclusion in the proxy statement
and any nominations for director other than those under the proxy access provisions of the By-Laws
must be received by the Secretary between July 2, 2019 and August 1, 2019. This advance notice period
is intended to allow all stockholders an opportunity to consider all business and nominees expected to
be considered at the meeting. However, if the Company holds its annual meeting on a date that is not
within 25 days before or after the anniversary date of the previous year’s annual meeting of
stockholders, the Company must receive the notice no later than the close of business on the tenth day
following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of
the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs.

In addition, Rite Aid’s By-Laws provide that, under certain circumstances, a stockholder or group
of stockholders may include director candidates that they have nominated in our annual meeting proxy
materials. The proxy access provisions of the By-Laws provide, among other things, that a stockholder
or group of up to 20 stockholders seeking to include director candidates in our annual meeting proxy
materials must own 3% or more of Rite Aid’s outstanding common stock continuously for at least the
previous three years. The number of stockholder-nominated candidates appearing in any annual
meeting proxy statement cannot exceed 20% of the number of directors then serving on the Board. If
the 20% calculation does not result in a whole number, the maximum number of stockholder nominees
included in our proxy statement would be the closest whole number below 20%. If the number of
stockholder-nominated candidates exceeds 20%, each nominating stockholder or group of stockholders
may select one nominee for inclusion in our proxy materials until the maximum number is reached.
The order of selection would be determined by the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of Rite Aid
common stock held by each nominating stockholder or group of stockholders. The nominating
stockholder or group of stockholders also must deliver the information required by Rite Aid’s By-Laws
and comply with the procedures specified therein, and each nominee must meet the qualifications
required by the By-Laws. Requests to include stockholder-nominated candidates in our proxy materials
for the 2019 Annual Meeting must be received by the Secretary no earlier than April 30, 2019 and no
later than May 30, 2019.

The Company expects to schedule the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders more than 30 days
prior to the anniversary of the 2018 Annual Meeting and expects to announce updated deadlines for
stockholder proposals and nominations for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in due course.

All submissions to the Secretary should be made to:

Rite Aid Corporation

30 Hunter Lane

Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011

Attention: James J. Comitale, Secretary

74

INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

In accordance with SEC rules, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of our
previous or future filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that
might incorporate this proxy statement or future filings made by Rite Aid under those statutes, the
information included under the caption ‘‘Compensation Committee Report’’ and those portions of the
information included under the caption ‘‘Audit Committee Report’’ required by the SEC’s rules to be
included therein, shall not be deemed to be ‘‘soliciting material’’ or ‘‘filed’’ with the SEC and shall not
be deemed incorporated by reference into any of those prior filings or into any future filings made by
Rite Aid under those statutes, except to the extent we specifically incorporate these items by reference.

OTHER MATTERS

The Board of Directors knows of no other matters that have been submitted for consideration at

the Annual Meeting other than those referred to in this proxy statement and the possible submission of
the Weiss Proposal, discussed below, which is not included in this proxy statement, but may be
presented by Lisa Weiss or her proxy at the Annual Meeting. If the Weiss Proposal is presented at the
Annual Meeting, the persons named on the enclosed proxy (the ‘‘proxy holders’’) will have
discretionary authority pursuant to Rule 14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act with respect to the Weiss
Proposal and intend to exercise such discretion to vote ‘‘AGAINST’’ the proposal. If any other matters
come before stockholders at the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders intend to vote the shares they
represent in accordance with their best judgment.

Lisa Weiss has advised the Company that her proxy plans to present a proposal (the ‘‘Weiss

Proposal’’) at the Annual Meeting, requesting that the Company (1) divest and spin off 80% of its
EnvisionRx subsidiary as a separately traded public company, (2) transfer up to one third of its
outstanding corporate debt to the spun-off EnvisionRx and (3) distribute a special dividend to existing
stockholders. The Weiss Proposal was not submitted under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act and
Ms. Weiss did not seek to have the Weiss Proposal included in this proxy statement. If presented at the
Annual Meeting, the adoption of the Weiss Proposal, like the other stockholder proposals that are on
the Company’s agenda for the Annual Meeting, would require the approval of the affirmative vote of a
majority of shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote.

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING DELIVERY

OF STOCKHOLDER DOCUMENTS

The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to satisfy

proxy material delivery requirements with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same
address by delivering a single proxy statement addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is
referred to as ‘‘householding,’’ potentially provides extra convenience for stockholders and reduces
printing and postage costs for companies.

Rite Aid and some brokers utilize the householding process for proxy materials. In accordance

with a notice sent to certain stockholders who share a single address, only one copy of this proxy
statement is being sent to that address, unless we received contrary instructions from any stockholder at
that address. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to receive separate proxy
cards. Householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until one or more stockholders at
your address revokes consent. If you revoke consent, you will be removed from the householding
program within 30 days of receipt of the revocation. If you hold your Rite Aid stock in ‘‘street name,’’
additional information regarding householding of proxy materials should be forwarded to you by your
broker.

However, if you wish to receive a separate copy of this proxy statement, we will promptly deliver

one to you upon request. You can notify us by sending a written request to Rite Aid Corporation,

75

30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011, Attention: James J. Comitale, Secretary, or by calling
the Secretary at (717) 761-2633. In addition, if you would like to receive separate proxy statements and
annual reports of Rite Aid in the future, or if you are receiving multiple copies of annual reports and
proxy statements at an address shared with another stockholder and would like to participate in
householding, please notify your broker if your shares are held in a brokerage account or us if you hold
registered shares.

ANNUAL REPORT

A copy of Rite Aid’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018 is being mailed together
with this proxy statement to all stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting.
A copy of our Annual Report, including the financial statements included therein, is also available
without charge by visiting the Company’s website or upon written request to Rite Aid Corporation,
30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011, Attention: James J. Comitale, Secretary.

76

APPENDIX A

ADJUSTED EBITDA, ADJUSTED NET INCOME (LOSS), ADJUSTED NET INCOME (LOSS) PER

DILUTED SHARE AND OTHER NON-GAAP MEASURES

We use certain non-GAAP measures, such as ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA,’’ in assessing our operating
performance. We believe the non-GAAP metrics serve as an appropriate measure in evaluating the
performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding the impact
of income taxes, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, LIFO adjustments, charges or credits
for facility closing and impairment, goodwill impairment, inventory write-downs related to store
closings, debt retirements, the WBA merger termination fee, and other items (including stock-based
compensation expense, merger and acquisition-related costs, severance and costs related to distribution
center closures, gain or loss on sale of assets, and revenue deferrals related to our customer loyalty
program). We reference this particular non-GAAP financial measure frequently in our decision-making
because it provides supplemental information that facilitates internal comparisons to the historical
periods and external comparisons to competitors. In addition, incentive compensation is primarily based
on Adjusted EBITDA and we base certain of our forward-looking estimates on Adjusted EBITDA to
facilitate quantification of planned business activities and enhance subsequent follow-up with
comparisons of actual to planned Adjusted EBITDA.

The following is a reconciliation of our net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2018,

2017 and 2016:

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

Net (loss) income—continuing operations . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization expense . . . . . .
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . .
WBA merger termination fee . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA—continuing operations . . . . .

$(349,532) $

202,768
305,987
386,057
(28,827)
58,765
261,727
—
(325,000)
47,949
$ 559,894

4,080
200,065
44,438
407,366
(3,721)
45,778
—
—
—
42,045
$740,051

$102,088
186,132
49,512
361,134
7,892
40,477
—
33,205
—
68,827
$849,267

The following is a reconciliation of our net (loss) income to Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and

Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016. Adjusted Net (Loss)
Income is defined as net (loss) income excluding the impact of amortization of EnvisionRx intangible
assets, merger and acquisition-related costs, loss on debt retirements, LIFO adjustments, goodwill
impairment, and the WBA merger termination fee. We calculate Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per
Diluted Share using our above-referenced definition of Adjusted Net (Loss) Income. We believe
Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share serve as appropriate

A-1

measures to be used in evaluating the performance of our business and help our investors better
compare our operating performance over multiple periods.

Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Add back—Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income before income taxes—continuing operations . . . . . . . .

Adjustments:

Amortization of EnvisionRx intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Merger and Acquisition-related costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
WBA merger termination fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted (loss) income before income taxes—continuing operations
Adjusted income tax (benefit) expense(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income per diluted share—continuing operations . . . . . .
Adjusted net (loss) income per diluted share—continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

$(349,532) $

305,987
(43,545)

4,080
44,438
48,518

78,554
(28,827)
261,727
—
24,283
(325,000)
(32,808)
(12,570)

83,022
(3,721)
—
—
14,066
—
141,885
57,344
$ (20,238) $ 84,541
$
0.00

(0.33) $

$102,088
49,512
151,600

55,527
7,892
—
33,205
27,482
—
275,706
111,102
$164,604
$
0.10

$

(0.02) $

0.08

$

0.16

(a) The fiscal year 2018, 2017 and 2016 annual effective tax rates, calculated using a federal rate plus
a net state rate that excluded the impact of state NOL’s, state credits and valuation allowance, are
used for the fifty-two weeks ended March 3, 2018, the fifty-three weeks ended March 4, 2017, and
the fifty-two weeks ended February 27, 2016, respectively.
The reconciliations of our Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Net
(Loss) Income per Diluted Share presented above are based on the methodology in use for those
historic periods. We have modified that methodology for periods beginning with our fiscal year 2019
second quarter. For information concerning our current methodology, see our Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 1, 2018 when it is publicly filed and the related earnings release and
other materials for the quarter, dated September 27, 2018.

A-2

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Statements in this proxy statement that are not historical, are forward-looking statements made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Rite Aid’s competitive position and the
ability to implement new strategies following completion of the sale of the remaining Rite Aid distribution
centers and related assets to Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (‘‘WBA’’) and termination of the proposed
merger with Albertsons Companies, Inc. (‘‘ACI’’); and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
Words such as ‘‘anticipate,’’ ‘‘believe,’’ ‘‘continue,’’ ‘‘could,’’ ‘‘estimate,’’ ‘‘expect,’’ ‘‘intend,’’ ‘‘may,’’ ‘‘plan,’’
‘‘predict,’’ ‘‘project,’’ ‘‘should,’’ and ‘‘will’’ and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended
to identify such forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks,

assumptions and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, our high level of indebtedness and our ability
to make interest and principal payments on our debt and satisfy the other covenants contained in our debt
agreements; general economic, industry, market, competitive, regulatory and political conditions; our ability
to improve the operating performance of our stores in accordance with our long term strategy; the impact of
private and public third-party payers continued reduction in prescription drug reimbursements and efforts to
encourage mail order; our ability to manage expenses and our investments in working capital; outcomes of
legal and regulatory matters; changes in legislation or regulations, including healthcare reform; our ability to
achieve the benefits of our efforts to reduce the costs of our generic and other drugs; risks related to the
pending sale of the remaining Rite Aid distribution centers and related assets to WBA, including the
possibility that the transactions may not close, or the business of Rite Aid may suffer as a result of
uncertainty surrounding the pending transactions; risks resulting from the termination of the proposed merger
with ACI, including the risk that the termination could have an adverse effect on Rite Aid’s ability to retain
customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with suppliers and customers and
on our operating results and businesses generally; the risk of litigation related to the termination of the
merger agreement with ACI or the proposed merger; and potential changes to our strategy following the
termination of the proposed merger with ACI, which may include delaying or reducing capital or other
expenditures, selling assets or other operations, attempting to restructure or refinance our debt, or seeking
additional capital, and other business effects. These and other risks, assumptions and uncertainties are more
fully described in Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other
documents that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ‘‘SEC’’), which you
are encouraged to read. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such
forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Rite Aid expressly disclaims any current
intention to update publicly any forward-looking statement after the distribution of this proxy statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

፤ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For The Fiscal Year Ended March 3, 2018

OR

អ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For The Transition Period From 

 To 

Commission File Number 1-5742

RITE AID CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania

(Address of principal executive offices)

23-1614034

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

17011

(Zip Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (717) 761-2633

Title of each class

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities

Act. Yes  ፤ No  អ

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the

Exchange Act. Yes  អ No  ፤

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  ፤ No  អ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any,

every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes  ፤ No  អ

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained

herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  អ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of ‘‘Large Accelerated Filer,’’ ‘‘Accelerated
Filer,’’ ‘‘Smaller Reporting Company’’ and ‘‘Emerging Growth Company’’ in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large Accelerated Filer  ፤

Non-Accelerated Filer  អ

Accelerated Filer  អ

(Do not check if a

smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company  អ
Emerging growth company  អ

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition

period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act.  អ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange

Act). Yes  អ No  ፤

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the
registrant based on the closing price at which such stock was sold on the New York Stock Exchange on September 2, 2017
was approximately $2,554,051,629. For purposes of this calculation, only executive officers and directors are deemed to be
affiliates of the registrant.

As of April 16, 2018 the registrant had outstanding 1,067,392,353 shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Certain portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange

Act of 1934 or an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PART I

ITEM 1.
Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 2.
Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Legal Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 3.
ITEM 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PART II

ITEM 5.

ITEM 6.
ITEM 7.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 8.
ITEM 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial

Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 9B. Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PART III

ITEM 13.
ITEM 14.

PART IV

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
ITEM 11.
Executive Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
ITEM 12.

Stockholder Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . . . .
Principal Accountant Fees and Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

ITEM 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
SIGNATURES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Page
3

6
16
28
28
30
30

31
33

33
64
64

65
65
67

67
67

67
67
67

67
164

2

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report, as well as our other public filings or public statements, include forward-looking

statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-
looking statements are often identified by terms and phrases such as ‘‘anticipate,’’ ‘‘believe,’’ ‘‘intend,’’
‘‘estimate,’’ ‘‘expect,’’ ‘‘continue,’’ ‘‘should,’’ ‘‘could,’’ ‘‘may,’’ ‘‘plan,’’ ‘‘project,’’ ‘‘predict,’’ ‘‘will’’ and
similar expressions and include references to assumptions and relate to our future prospects,
developments and business strategies.

Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such

forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:

(cid:129) our high level of indebtedness;
(cid:129) our ability to make interest and principal payments on our debt and satisfy the other covenants

contained in our credit facility and other debt agreements;

(cid:129) the continued impact of private and public third party payors reduction in prescription drug

reimbursement rates and their ongoing efforts to limit access to payor networks, including
through mail order;

(cid:129) our ability to achieve the benefits of our efforts to reduce the costs of our generic and other

drugs, and our ability to achieve drug pricing efficiencies;

(cid:129) the impact of the loss of one or more major third party payor contracts;
(cid:129) risks related to the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the pending Merger (as

defined in Item 1 below) with Albertsons Companies, Inc. (‘‘Albertsons’’), including the risk that
the transaction may not close due to one or more closing conditions to the transaction not being
satisfied or waived, including that the required approval of the Merger by our stockholders was
not obtained;

(cid:129) the inability to complete the remaining distribution center closing of the Asset Sale (as defined

in Item 7 below), receive the related proceeds and recognize the corresponding expected gain
due to the failure to satisfy the minimal remaining conditions applicable only to the distribution
centers being transferred at such distribution center closing and other risks related to obtaining
the requisite consents to the remaining distribution center closing of the Sale;

(cid:129) risks related to our ability to successfully integrate with Albertsons’ business, which may result in

the combined company not operating as effectively and efficiently as expected and the risk that
the combined company may be unable to achieve cost savings or revenue synergies or it may
take longer than expected to achieve those synergies;

(cid:129) the risk of the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the

termination of the Merger Agreement (as defined in Item 1 below) with Albertsons, including
circumstances requiring us to pay Albertsons a termination fee pursuant to the Merger
Agreement;

(cid:129) the risk that the proposed Merger and its announcement could have an adverse effect on our

ability to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with our
suppliers and customers and on our operating results and businesses generally;

(cid:129) the impact on our business, operating results and relationships with customers, suppliers, third

party payors, and employees, resulting from our efforts over the past two years to consummate a
significant transaction with Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (‘‘WBA’’);

(cid:129) the risk that we will not be able to meet our obligations under our Transition Services

Agreement (‘‘TSA’’) with WBA, which could expose us to significant financial penalties;

3

(cid:129) the risk that we cannot reduce our selling, general and administrative expenses enough to offset

lost revenue from the TSA agreement as the amount of stores serviced under the agreement
decreases;

(cid:129) the risk that there may be a significant decline in our stock price or that there may be changes
to our strategy in the event that the Merger and/ or the remaining distribution center closing of
the Sale do not close, which may include delaying or reducing capital or other expenditures,
selling assets or other operations, closing underperforming stores, attempting to restructure or
refinance our debt, seeking additional capital or incurring other costs associated with
restructuring our business;

(cid:129) our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms favorable to us;
(cid:129) our ability to improve the operating performance of our stores in accordance with our long term

strategy;

(cid:129) our ability to grow prescription count and realize front-end sales growth;
(cid:129) our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel;
(cid:129) decisions to close additional stores and distribution centers or undertake additional refinancing

activities, which could result in charges to our operating statement;

(cid:129) our ability to manage expenses and working capital;
(cid:129) continued consolidation of the drugstore and the pharmacy benefit management (‘‘PBM’’)

industries;

(cid:129) the risk that changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the Health Care Education

Affordability Reconciliation Act, the repeal of all or part of the Patient Protection and the
Affordable Care Act (or ‘‘Patient Care Act’’) and any regulations enacted thereunder may occur;

(cid:129) the risk that provider and state contract changes may occur;
(cid:129) risks related to compromises of our information or payment systems or unauthorized access to

confidential or personal information of our associates or customers;

(cid:129) our ability to maintain our current pharmacy services business and obtain new pharmacy services

business, including maintaining renewals of expiring contracts, avoiding contract termination
rights that may permit certain of our clients to terminate their contracts prior to their expiration
and early price renegotiations prior to contract expirations;

(cid:129) the continued impact of gross margin pressure in the PBM industry due to increased market

competition and client demand for lower prices while providing enhanced service offerings;

(cid:129) our ability to maintain our current Medicare Part D business and obtain new Medicare Part D

business, as a result of the annual Medicare Part D competitive bidding process;

(cid:129) the expiration or termination of our Medicare or Medicaid managed care contracts by federal or

state governments;

(cid:129) risks related to other business effects, including the effects of industry, market, economic,

political or regulatory conditions, future exchange or interest rates or credit ratings, changes in
tax laws, regulations, rates and policies or competitive development including aggressive
promotional activity from our competitors;

(cid:129) the risk that we could experience deterioration in our current Star rating with the Centers of

Medicare and Medicaid Services (‘‘CMS’’) or incur CMS penalties and/or sanctions;

4

(cid:129) the nature, cost and outcome of pending and future litigation and other legal proceedings or

governmental investigations, including any such proceedings related to the Merger or Sale and
instituted against us and others;

(cid:129) the potential reputational risk to our business during the period in which WBA is operating the

Acquired Stores (as defined below) under the Rite Aid banner;

(cid:129) the risk that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017 may have a

negative impact on our financial results;

(cid:129) the inability to fully realize the benefits of our tax attributes;
(cid:129) other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and

Exchange Commission (the ‘‘SEC’’).

We undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements included in this

report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this report.
Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in,
or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences are discussed in the sections entitled ‘‘Risk Factors’’ and ‘‘Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Overview and Factors Affecting Our
Future Prospects’’ included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

5

Item 1. Business

Overview

PART I

Rite Aid is the third largest retail drugstore chain in the United States based on both revenues
and number of stores. As of March 3, 2018, we operated 2,550 stores in 19 states across the country.

Our headquarters are located at 30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011, and our

telephone number is (717) 761-2633. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
under the trading symbol of ‘‘RAD.’’ We were incorporated in 1968 and are a Delaware corporation.

Merger Agreement—On February 18, 2018, Rite Aid entered into an Agreement and Plan of

Merger (the ‘‘Merger Agreement’’) with Albertsons, Ranch Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Albertsons (‘‘Merger Sub II’’) and Ranch
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Merger Sub II
(‘‘Merger Sub’’ and, together with Merger Sub II, the ‘‘Merger Subs’’). Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into Rite Aid (the ‘‘Merger’’), with Rite Aid surviving
the Merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Merger Sub II (the ‘‘Surviving Corporation’’), and
(ii) immediately following the Merger, the Surviving Corporation will merge with and into Merger
Sub II (the ‘‘Subsequent Merger’’ and, together with the Merger, the ‘‘Mergers’’) with Merger Sub II
surviving the Subsequent Merger as a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Albertsons (the ‘‘Surviving
Company’’). At the effective time of the Merger (the ‘‘Effective Time’’), each share of Rite Aid’s
common stock, par value $1.00 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for 0.1000 of a fully paid and
nonassessable share of Albertsons common stock, par value $0.01 per share (‘‘Albertsons Common
Stock’’), without interest, plus, at the election of the holder of the Rite Aid stock, either (i) an amount
in cash equal to $0.1832 per share, without interest, or (ii) an additional 0.0079 of a fully paid and
nonassessable share of Albertsons Common Stock. On March 29, 2018, Rite Aid announced the
expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 in
connection with the Merger. The Merger remains subject to other customary closing conditions,
including the approval of Rite Aid shareholders. Subject to these approvals, the merger is expected to
close in the early part of the second half of calendar 2018.

Asset Sale—On October 17, 2017, we began the process of selling the Assets to be Sold (as defined

in Item 6) to WBA in accordance with the terms and provisions as contained in the Amended and
Restated Asset Purchase Agreement (the ‘‘Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement’’), dated
as of September 18, 2017, by and among Rite Aid, WBA and Walgreen Co., an Illinois corporation and
wholly owned direct subsidiary of WBA (‘‘Buyer’’). During the fifty-two weeks ended March 3, 2018, we
sold 1,651 stores and related assets to WBA in exchange for proceeds of $3,553.5 million, which were
used to repay outstanding debt, and recognized a pre-tax gain of $2.1 billion. We estimate that the total
pre-tax gain on the Sale will be approximately $2.5 billion. As of March 27, 2018, we have completed
the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets have been transferred to WBA. The
transfer of the three distribution centers and related inventory is expected to begin after September 1,
2018.

Based on its magnitude and because we are exiting certain markets, the Sale represents a

significant strategic shift that has a material effect on our operations and financial results. Accordingly,
we have applied discontinued operations treatment for the Sale as required by generally accepted
accounting principles (‘‘GAAP’’).

In fiscal 2018, we continued reporting our business in two distinct segments. Our Retail Pharmacy

Segment consists of Rite Aid stores, RediClinic and Health Dialog. Our Pharmacy Services Segment

6

consists of EnvisionRx, our PBM that has been rebranded as EnvisionRxOptions (‘‘EnvisionRx’’ or
‘‘EnvisionRxOptions’’).

Retail Pharmacy Segment—In our Rite Aid retail stores, we sell prescription drugs and a wide

assortment of other merchandise, which we call ‘‘front-end’’ products. In fiscal 2018, prescription drug
sales accounted for 65.9% of our total drugstore sales. We believe that pharmacy operations will
continue to represent a significant part of our business due to industry trends such as an aging
population, increased life expectancy, anticipated growth in the federally funded Medicare Part D
prescription program as ‘‘baby boomers’’ continue to enroll and the discovery of new and better drug
therapies. We carry a full assortment of front-end products, which accounted for the remaining 34.1%
of our total drug store sales in fiscal 2018. Front-end products include over-the-counter medications,
health and beauty aids, personal care items, cosmetics, household items, food and beverages, greeting
cards, seasonal merchandise and numerous other everyday and convenience products.

We differentiate our stores from other national chain drugstores, in part, through our wellness+

Rewards loyalty program, our Wellness format stores, innovative merchandising, private brands and our
strategic partnership with GNC, a leading retailer of vitamin and mineral supplements. We offer a wide
variety of products through our portfolio of private brands, which contributed approximately 18.7% of
our front-end sales in fiscal 2018.

The average size of each store in our chain is approximately 13,600 square feet, and average store

size is larger for our locations in the western United States. As of March 3, 2018, 60% of our stores
were freestanding; 53% of our stores included a drive-thru pharmacy; and 59% included a GNC store
within a Rite Aid store.

RediClinic, based in Houston and acquired by Rite Aid in April 2014 as a 100 percent owned

subsidiary, is a leading operator of retail clinics. RediClinics are staffed by board certified nurse
practitioners and physician assistants, who are trained and licensed to treat common conditions and
provide preventative services, in collaboration with local physicians who are affiliated with a leading
health care system in each market. Patients can be treated for more than 30 common medical
conditions and RediClinic’s clinicians are able to write prescriptions for these conditions when
appropriate. Additionally, RediClinics provide a broad range of preventive services, including
screenings, medical tests, immunizations and basic physical exams.

Health Dialog, a Boston-based 100 percent owned subsidiary that Rite Aid acquired in April 2014,

is a provider of healthcare coaching and disease management services to health plans and employers.
Health Dialog provides these services using a call in line staffed by nurse practitioners and through an
on-line platform.

Pharmacy Services Segment—EnvisionRxOptions, a 100 percent owned subsidiary of Rite Aid, is a
national, full-service PBM that also offers a broad range of pharmacy-related services. As a Rite Aid
subsidiary, EnvisionRxOptions is a fully integrated provider with a differentiated approach to pharmacy
benefits. EnvisionRx provides both transparent and traditional PBM options through its EnvisionRx
and MedTrak PBM’s, respectively. EnvisionRx’s LakerSoftware provides a modern, scalable
adjudication platform that powers both EnvisionRx and MedTrakRx, as well as other PBM’s across the
country that license this system. EnvisionRxOptions also offers fully integrated mail, specialty and
compounding pharmacy services through EnvisionPharmacies; provides discounts for under and
uninsured patients through EnvisionSavings; and serves one of the fastest growing demographics in
healthcare—seniors enrolled in Medicare Part D—through EnvisionInsurance and its national
prescription drug plan, EnvisionRxPlus.

7

Industry Trends

The rate of pharmacy sales growth in the United States has slowed in recent years, driven by a

decline in new blockbuster drugs, a longer FDA approval process, drug safety concerns, higher copays
and an increase in the use of generic (non-brand name) drugs, which are less expensive but generate
higher gross margins. New drug development in the next few years is expected to be concentrated in
specialty prescriptions, which are targeted toward a specific disease state. These drugs are often
complex and expensive. We expect prescription usage to continue to grow in the coming years due to
the aging U.S. population, increased life expectancy, ‘‘baby boomers’’ continuing to become eligible for
the federally funded Medicare prescription program and new drug therapies. Additionally, rising U.S.
healthcare costs and the shortage of primary care physicians are creating opportunities for pharmacists
and drugstores to play a more active role in driving positive health outcomes for patients. Services such
as immunizations, medication therapy management, chronic condition management, clinics and
medication compliance counseling extend our efforts well beyond filling prescriptions. We believe that
offerings such as these could gain additional momentum in a rapidly changing healthcare environment.

In terms of our traditional drug dispensing business, generic prescription drugs continue to help
lower overall costs for customers and third party payors. We believe the utilization of existing generic
pharmaceuticals will continue to increase, although the pace of introduction of new generic drugs is
expected to slow. The gross profit from a generic drug prescription in the retail drugstore industry is
generally greater than the gross profit from a brand drug prescription. However, the sale amount can
be substantially less and can impact our overall revenues and same store sales.

The retail drugstore industry is highly competitive and consolidation has accelerated. We believe

that the competitive advantages from the increasing trend toward vertical integration resulting from the
combination of retail pharmacy companies with pharmacy benefit managers, such as CVS Health, and
aggressive generic pricing programs at competitors such as Wal-Mart and various supermarket chains
will further increase competitive pressures in the industry. Front end product pricing has continued to
be highly promotional in the retail drugstore business, which contributes to additional competitive
pressures.

The retail drugstore industry relies significantly on third party payors. Third party payors, including

the Medicare Part D plans and the state-sponsored Medicaid and related managed care Medicaid
agencies, at times change the eligibility requirements of participants or reduce certain reimbursement
rates. These changes and reductions are expected to continue. Medicare Part D plans have also
introduced plans that have restricted network options, under which a patient can elect a plan with a
lower copay in exchange for the choice to use a limited number of pharmacies to fill their
prescriptions. In order to participate in these restricted networks, retail pharmacies generally have to
accept lower reimbursement rates. We expect the usage of these restricted network plans to continue to
increase. When third party payors, including the Medicare Part D program and state-sponsored
Medicaid agencies, reduce the number of participants and/or reduce their reimbursement rates, sales
and margins in the industry could be reduced, and profitability of the industry adversely affected. These
possible adverse effects can be partially offset by lowering our product cost, controlling expenses,
dispensing more higher margin generics, finding new revenue streams through pharmacy services and
dispensing more prescriptions overall.

Strategy

In fiscal 2018 we made significant progress in ensuring that we have sustainable economics for

filling prescriptions. We engaged with our payor partners to gain better reimbursement rate
predictability and access and we have begun the process of exploring how to best manage our pharmacy
purchasing costs long-term. As we continue these efforts and work to complete our proposed merger
with Albertsons, in fiscal 2019 we will also focus on further expanding the clinical role of our

8

pharmacists; further integrating our three subsidiaries and network of Rite Aid stores; and growing
front-end sales and prescription count while controlling costs.
Following are descriptions of some of our key initiatives:

Expanded Healthcare Services—In fiscal 2018, we continued to expand the role of our Rite Aid

pharmacists in delivering wellness services that go beyond filling prescriptions. A key area of focus has
been our immunizations program, which has grown significantly in recent years. In fiscal 2018, our
pharmacists administered an all-time company record of 4.4 million immunizations, including more than
2.7 million shots from continuing operations. Immunizations will continue to be a key priority in fiscal
2019 as we continue promoting the value of immunizations that protect against conditions like
influenza, shingles, pneumonia and whooping cough.

At the same time, helping our patients take their medications as prescribed continues to be a

critical opportunity to improve their health and wellness while also lowering healthcare costs by
avoiding illnesses and hospital visits. To support our ongoing efforts, we’ve launched One Trip Refills in
Fiscal 2017, which allows our patients to refill all of their monthly maintenance medications by making
a single trip to the pharmacy. The program has been well received by our patients, and when combined
with our existing services to send alerts via text message, e-mail or phone when a prescription is ready
to be picked up, it creates a more patient-friendly experience for our Rite Aid customers.

An important part of our retail healthcare strategy continues to be finding ways to integrate our

expanded suite of healthcare assets with our base of conveniently located retail pharmacies to deliver a
higher level of care and service in our communities. This includes leveraging our store base and the
capabilities of EnvisionRxOptions in our efforts to create compelling pharmacy offerings across retail,
specialty and mail-order channels; deliver cost-effective solutions to employers and health plans; and
drive growth. When combined with Rite Aid’s retail platform, EnvisionRxOptions’ comprehensive suite
of services allows Rite Aid to provide additional value and broader choice to customers, patients and
payors and will better position us to meet their needs.

Our Pharmacy Services segment’s business strategy centers on providing innovative pharmaceutical

solutions and quality client service in order to help improve clinical outcomes for our clients’ plan
members while assisting our clients and their plan members in better managing overall health care
costs. Our clients are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups,
health plans, Managed Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, and other sponsors of health benefit plans, and
individuals throughout the United States. Our goal is to produce superior results for our clients and
their plan members by leveraging our expertise in core PBM services, including: plan design offerings
and administration, formulary management, Medicare Part D services, mail order, specialty pharmacy
services, retail pharmacy network management services, clinical services, disease management services,
and other spend management. During fiscal 2018, EnvisionRxOptions made significant progress in
Medicare Part D enrollment by adding approximately 188,000 new lives year-over-year as of January
2018 in this fast-growing segment.

RediClinic also represents a key component of our efforts to expand Rite Aid’s retail healthcare

offering. As of March 3, 2018, we had 39 RediClinics operating in Rite Aid stores throughout the
Philadelphia, Seattle and New Jersey markets. Including our locations in Texas, we operated a total of
75 RediClinics at the end of fiscal 2018.

wellness+ Rewards—Since the launch of wellness+ in April 2010, our loyalty program has provided

customers with the opportunity to earn significant discounts and wellness rewards in return for being
loyal Rite Aid shoppers. Enrolled members earn rewards based on the accumulation of points for
certain front-end and prescription purchases. The program has been well received by Rite Aid
customers and continues to provide significant value to members earning enough points to reach the
Gold or Silver tier levels. Gold members, for example, receive a tiered discount of 20-percent off most

9

non-pharmacy purchases for an entire year. In addition, all members receive exclusive sale pricing and
wellness rewards.

Bonus Cash has been incorporated into wellness+ to create wellness+ Rewards. Members

continue to earn wellness+ points toward various benefits at Rite Aid including discounts of up to 20%
off storewide, exclusive sale prices and 24/7 access to a pharmacist. Members are also able to earn
Bonus Cash points whenever they make qualifying purchases at Rite Aid that can be redeemed for
future savings. Customers have 60 days to use their Bonus Cash points before expiration.

We currently have over 13 million customers enrolled in wellness+ Rewards. In addition, over 60%

of transactions at Rite Aid now involve a wellness+ Rewards card.

Wellness Store Remodels—In fiscal 2018, we continued to strengthen Rite Aid as a wellness

destination by completing additional Wellness store remodels. As a result, our total number of Wellness
stores reached 1,649 by the end of the fiscal year, which means that over 64% of all Rite Aid stores are
now Wellness stores. We also opened 2 new stores and did 14 relocations, all in our groundbreaking
Wellness format, which offers improved interior design, expanded clinical pharmacy services, innovative
merchandising and new wellness product offerings. Our customers have responded favorably to this
unique store format, with our Wellness stores continuing to outperform the rest of our chain in terms
of both front-end same store sales and same store prescription count growth.

We plan to complete 132 additional Wellness remodels in fiscal 2019 along with 3 relocations and

2 new store openings. We believe these efforts represent a cost-effective way to strengthen our store
base, grow sales and offer our customers an engaging wellness experience.

Prescription File Purchases—In fiscal 2018, we spent $28.9 million on the purchase of prescription

files. This represented a decrease in spend from previous years, as the proposed merger with WBA
limited our file buy opportunities. We plan to increase our level of prescription file purchases in fiscal
2019 as they typically deliver a strong return on investment.

Drug Purchasing and Distribution Efficiencies—In fiscal 2018, we continued to partner with

McKesson for pharmaceutical purchasing and distribution. Under this arrangement, McKesson assumes
responsibility for purchasing all of the brand and generic medications that we dispense in our stores as
well as delivering those medications to our over 2,500 store locations. This drug purchasing and
distribution arrangement helps us manage product costs and working capital while optimizing in-stock
positions in our stores.

Cost Control—In fiscal 2019, we will continue to look for ways to control our costs in order to help
mitigate the impact that declining reimbursement rates has on our business. Our cost control initiatives
include store and field labor efficiency and initiatives to drive down circular costs. Our centralized
indirect procurement group will continue to target not-for-resale purchasing opportunities.

Products and Services

Sales of prescription drugs for our Retail Pharmacy segment represented approximately 65.9%,

66.0% and 66.9% of our total drugstore sales in fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In fiscal
years 2018, 2017 and 2016, prescription drug sales were $10.3 billion, $11.1 billion and $11.3 billion,
respectively. See ‘‘Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations’’ and our consolidated financial statements.

We carry a full assortment of non-prescription, or front end, products. The types and number of

front end products in each store vary, and selections are based on customer needs and preferences and

10

available space. No single front end product category contributed significantly to our sales during fiscal
2018. Our Retail Pharmacy segment’s principal classes of products in fiscal 2018 were the following:

Product Class
Prescription drugs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Over-the-counter medications and personal care . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Health and beauty aids . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General merchandise and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage of

Sales
65.9%
10.9%
4.4%
18.8%

We offer a wide variety of products under our private brands to meet the needs of our customers

in virtually every non-pharmacy department. We intend to increase our private brand sales and
penetration in fiscal 2019 by expanding our product lines, refreshing the package design, along with
fully leveraging our Wellness+ database and in-store marketing. We believe that our assortment is
differentiated and a compelling value to our customers based on our emphasis on high quality
standards and everyday/promotional pricing.

We have a strategic alliance with GNC under which we have opened over 1,507 GNC stores within
Rite Aid stores as of March 3, 2018 and have a contractual commitment to open at least 78 additional
GNC stores within Rite Aid stores by December 2019. We incorporate the GNC stores within Rite Aid
stores concept into many of our new and relocated stores and into many of our Wellness remodels.
GNC is a leading nationwide retailer of vitamin and mineral supplements, personal care, fitness and
other health-related products.

Through our 100 percent owned subsidiary, EnvisionRx, we offer a broad range of pharmacy-

related services. In addition to its transparent and traditional PBM offerings through the EnvisionRx
and MedTrak PBMs, EnvisionRx also offers fully integrated mail-order and specialty pharmacy services
through EnvisionPharmacies. Through its Envision Insurance Company, EnvisionRx also serves one of
the fastest-growing demographics in healthcare: seniors enrolled in Medicare Part D. In addition,
EnvisionRx, through its state of the art Laker Software, performs prescription adjudication services for
its own as well as other PBM’s.

The Company, through its Health Dialog subsidiary, provides health care coaching and disease

management services to health plans and employers. Health Dialog provides these services using a call
in line staffed by nurse practitioners and through an on-line platform.

Technology

All of our stores are integrated into a common information system, which enables our customers

to fill or refill prescriptions in any of our stores throughout the country, reduces chances of adverse
drug interactions, and enables our pharmacists to fill prescriptions more accurately and efficiently. Our
customers may also order prescription refills over the Internet through our website, www.riteaid.com,
our mobile app, or over the phone through our telephonic automated refill systems for pick up at a
Rite Aid store. We have automated pharmacy dispensing units in high volume stores, which are linked
to our pharmacists’ computers that fill and label prescription drug orders. We developed central fill
technology to facilitate the automated picking, packaging, and labeling of prescriptions in a central
filling location, which are sent to certain retail stores for delivery to the customer. We have also
developed workload sharing technology within our stores, whereby stores within a close proximity can
shift filling volume to stores with excess capacity. The efficiency of these processes allows our
pharmacists to spend more time consulting with and answering our customers’ questions and concerns
about their prescription medications and health conditions. Additionally, each of our stores employs
point-of-sale technology that supports sales analysis and recognition of customer trends. This same
point-of-sale technology facilitates the maintenance of perpetual inventory records which, together with
our sales analysis, drives our automated inventory replenishment process.

11

We continue to embrace technology as a way to enhance the customer experience. Our mobile

app, which is available for download for both the Android and iPhone platforms, allows our customers
to use their smartphones to manage their wellness + account, refill prescriptions, access the weekly
circular to view sale items, and locate a nearby Rite Aid store. We have continued to strengthen our
presence on social media sites through unique promotions and contests.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

Beginning in fiscal 2015, under our pharmaceutical purchasing and delivery arrangement

(‘‘Purchasing and Delivery Arrangement’’) with limited exceptions, we purchased all of our branded
pharmaceutical products and almost all of our generic (non-brand name) pharmaceutical products from
McKesson Corporation (‘‘McKesson’’). If our relationship with McKesson were disrupted, we could
temporarily have difficulty filling prescriptions for branded and generic drugs until we executed a
replacement wholesaler agreement or developed and implemented self-distribution processes.

We purchase our non-pharmaceutical merchandise from numerous manufacturers and wholesalers.
We believe that competitive sources are readily available for substantially all of the non-pharmaceutical
merchandise we carry and that the loss of any one supplier would not have a material effect on our
business.

We sell private brand and co-branded products that generally are supplied by numerous

competitive sources. The Rite Aid and GNC co-branded PharmAssure vitamin and mineral supplement
products and the GNC branded vitamin and mineral supplement products that we sell in our stores are
developed by GNC, and along with our Rite Aid brand vitamin and mineral supplements, are
manufactured by GNC.

Customers and Third Party Payors

During fiscal 2018, our stores filled approximately 177.4 million prescriptions and served an

average of 1.2 million customers per day. The loss of any one customer would not have a material
adverse impact on our results of operations.

In fiscal 2018, substantially all of our pharmacy sales were to customers covered by third party

payors (such as insurance companies, prescription benefit management companies, government
agencies, private employers or other managed care providers) that agree to pay for all or a portion of a
customer’s eligible prescription purchases based on negotiated and contracted reimbursement rates.
During fiscal 2018, the top five third party payors accounted for approximately 78.6% of our pharmacy
sales. The largest third party payor, Caremark, represented 27.2% of our pharmacy sales.

During fiscal 2018, Medicaid and related managed care Medicaid payors sales were approximately

20.4% of our pharmacy sales, of which the largest single Medicaid payor was approximately 1.9% of
our pharmacy sales. During fiscal 2018, approximately 34.1% of our pharmacy sales were to customers
covered by Medicare Part D.

Through our Pharmacy Services segment we provide innovative pharmaceutical solutions for our

clients which are primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups,
health plans, Managed Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, and other sponsors of health benefit plans, and
individuals throughout the United States.

Competition

The retail drugstore industry is highly competitive. We compete with, among others, retail

drugstore chains, independently owned drugstores, supermarkets, mass merchandisers, discount stores,
wellness offerings, dollar stores and mail order pharmacies. We compete on the basis of store location
and convenient access, customer service, product selection and price. We believe continued

12

consolidation of the drugstore industry, and the aggressive discounting of generic drugs by
supermarkets and mass merchandisers will further increase competitive pressures in the industry.

Marketing and Advertising

In fiscal 2018, marketing and advertising expense was approximately $161.8 million, which was

spent primarily on our weekly circular (print and digital), our wellness+ Rewards program/customer
relationship marketing (CRM), digital marketing and focused pharmacy marketing initiatives including
television, radio and direct mail. Our marketing and advertising activities are primarily focused on the
following:

(cid:129) Promotional marketing (circular/digital marketing) to drive share of wallet and new customer

acquisition;

(cid:129) Our wellness + Rewards loyalty program, which benefits our members in several ways:

(cid:129) Members earn wellness+ points for certain front-end and prescription purchases that qualify

for savings of up to 20% off of front-end purchases every day for a year

(cid:129) Bonus Cash rewards provide additional savings to our customers/wellness+ members every

week

(cid:129) Personalized offers distributed in vehicles such as email and direct mail

(cid:129) Emphasis on the value of our private brand products;
(cid:129) Support of specific market-wide initiatives and individual store programs such as competitor

market intrusion, prescription file buys and grand openings for new and remodeled stores; and

(cid:129) Focused efforts on our digital marketing, which includes our Rite Aid app, social media, our

riteaid.com website and e-commerce.

Our mission is to be the customer’s first choice for health and wellness products, services and

information. Under our ‘‘With Us It’s Personal’’ tagline, we are focused on educational programs on
what matters most to our customers, such as our wellness+ diabetes program and other pharmacy/
clinical services to drive brand preference including our One Trip Refills, Vaccine Central and Quit For
You smoking cessation programs. We believe all of these programs will help us improve customer
loyalty and engagement, along with our ability to grow share of wallet and lifetime value.

Associates

We believe that our relationships with our associates are good. As of March 3, 2018, we had

approximately 59,000 Retail Pharmacy segment associates: 11% were pharmacists, 42% were part-time
and 35% were represented by unions. Additionally, we have approximately 1,800 Pharmacy Services
segment associates. Associate satisfaction is critical to our success. Annually we survey our associates to
obtain feedback on various employment-related topics, including job satisfaction and their
understanding of our core values and mission.

The number of graduates from U.S. Schools of Pharmacy is largely meeting our workforce

demand. However, pharmacist employment opportunities still exist in certain areas.

Research and Development

We do not make significant expenditures for research and development.

13

Licenses, Trademarks and Patents

The Rite Aid name is our most significant trademark and the most important factor in marketing

our stores and private brand products. We hold licenses to sell beer, wine and liquor, cigarettes and
lottery tickets. As part of our strategic alliance with GNC, we have a license to operate GNC ‘‘stores-
within-Rite Aid-stores.’’ We also hold licenses to operate our pharmacies and our distribution facilities.
Through our 100% owned subsidiary EnvisionRx, we hold a license to conduct Medicare Part D
business with CMS.

Collectively, these licenses are material to our operations.

Seasonality

We experience moderate seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations concentrated in the first

and fourth fiscal quarters as the result of the concentration of the cough, cold and flu season and the
holidays. We tailor certain front end merchandise to capitalize on holidays and seasons. We increase
our inventory levels during our third fiscal quarter in anticipation of the seasonal fluctuations described
above. Our results of operations in the fourth and first fiscal quarters may fluctuate based upon the
timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, both of which are unpredictable.

Regulation

Our business is subject to federal, state and local laws, regulations, and administrative practices

concerning the provision of and payment for health care services, including, without limitation: federal,
state and local licensure and registration requirements concerning the operation of pharmacies and the
practice of pharmacy; Medicare, Medicaid and other publicly financed health benefit plan regulations
prohibiting kickbacks, beneficiary inducement and the submission of false claims; the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act (the ‘‘ACA’’); regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, including regulations governing the purchase, sale, storing and
dispensing of controlled substances and other products, as well as regulations promulgated by state and
other federal agencies concerning automated outbound contacts such as phone calls, text messages and
emails and the sale, advertisement and promotion of the products we sell, including tobacco and
alcoholic beverages.

Our business is also subject to patient privacy and other obligations, including corporate, pharmacy

and associate responsibility imposed by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. As a
covered entity, we are required to implement privacy standards, train our associates on the permitted
uses and disclosures of protected health information, provide a notice of privacy practice to our
pharmacy customers and permit pharmacy customers to access and amend their records and receive an
accounting of disclosures of protected health information. We are also subject to federal and state
privacy and data security laws with respect to our receipt, use and disclosure by us of personally
identifiable information, which laws require us to provide appropriate privacy and security safeguards
for such information. In addition, we are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard promulgated by the payment card industry in connection with handling credit card data. This
standard contains requirements devised to aid entities that process, store or transmit credit card
information to maintain a secure environment.

We are also subject to laws governing our relationship with our associates, including health and

safety, minimum wage requirements, overtime, working conditions, equal employment opportunity and
unionizing efforts.

In addition, in connection with the ownership and operations of our stores, distribution centers and

other sites, we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and

14

health and safety matters, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and the cleanup of contaminated sites.

We are subject to federal, state, and local statutes and regulations, which govern PBM operations.

In addition, certain quasi-regulatory organizations, including the National Association of Boards of
Pharmacy and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (‘‘NAIC’’) have issued model
regulations or may propose future regulations concerning PBMs and/or PBM activities. Similarly,
credentialing organizations such as the National Committee for Quality Assurance (‘‘NCQA’’) and the
Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (‘‘URAC’’) may establish voluntary standards regarding
PBM or specialty pharmacy activities. While the actions of these quasi-regulatory or standard-setting
organizations do not have the force of law, they may influence states to adopt their requirements or
recommendations and influence client requirements for PBM or specialty pharmacy services. Moreover,
any standards established by these organizations could also impact health plan clients and/or the
services provided to them. PBMs also operate within the governance set forth by the Medicare Part D
program, which makes prescription drug coverage available to eligible Medicare beneficiaries through
private insurers. This program regulates all aspects of the provision of Medicare drug coverage,
including enrollment, formularies, pharmacy networks, marketing, and claims processing. The Medicare
Part D program has undergone significant legislative and regulatory changes since its inception, and
continues to attract a high degree of legislative and regulatory scrutiny. The applicable government
rules and regulations are expected to continue to evolve in the future.

Corporate Governance and Internet Address

We recognize that good corporate governance is an important means of protecting the interests of

our stockholders, associates, customers and the community. We have closely monitored and
implemented relevant legislative and regulatory corporate governance reforms, including provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (‘‘Sarbanes-Oxley’’), the rules of the SEC interpreting and
implementing Sarbanes-Oxley and the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE.

Our corporate governance information and materials, including our Certificate of Incorporation,

Bylaws, Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee, our Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive
Officer and Senior Financial Officers, our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and our Related
Person Transaction Policy are posted on the corporate governance section of our website at
www.riteaid.com and are available in print upon request to Rite Aid Corporation, 30 Hunter Lane,
Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Our Board will regularly review
corporate governance developments and modify these materials and practices as warranted.

Our website also provides information on how to contact us and other items of interest to
investors. We make available on our website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Extensible Business Reporting Language (‘‘XBRL’’) data files of our
annual report and quarterly reports beginning with our fiscal 2016 first quarter 10-Q, current reports on
Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file these
reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC. We do not intend for the information contained on our
website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K.

15

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Factors Affecting our Future Prospects

Set forth below is a description of certain risk factors which we believe may be relevant to an

understanding of us and our business. Security holders are cautioned that these and other factors may
affect future performance and cause actual results to differ from those which may be anticipated. See
‘‘Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.’’

Risks Related to our Financial Condition

Economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.

Economic uncertainty could further lead to reduced consumer spending. If consumer spending

decreases or does not grow, we may see further decline in our same store sales. In addition, reduced or
flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to offer additional products at promotional
prices, which would have a negative impact on our gross profit. We operate a number of stores in areas
that are experiencing a lower or slower recovery than the economy on a national level. A continued
softening or slow recovery in consumer spending may adversely affect our industry, business and results
of operations. Reduced revenues as a result of decreased consumer spending may also reduce our
liquidity and otherwise hinder our ability to implement our long term strategy.

We are highly leveraged. Our substantial indebtedness could limit cash flow available for our operations and
could adversely affect our ability to service debt or obtain additional financing if necessary.

We had, as of March 3, 2018, $3.9 billion of outstanding indebtedness and stockholders’ equity of
$1,601 million. We also had additional borrowing capacity under our $3.0 billion amended and restated
senior secured revolving credit facility (the ‘‘Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility’’ or
‘‘revolver’’) of $2,942.0 million, net of outstanding letters of credit of $58.0 million. Our earnings were
insufficient to cover fixed charges for fiscal 2018 by $43.8 million. Earnings were sufficient to cover
fixed charges for fiscal 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 by $48.4 million, $151.5 million, $272.2 million, and
$180.0 million, respectively.

Our high level of indebtedness will continue to restrict our operations. Among other things, our

indebtedness will:

(cid:129) limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete;
(cid:129) place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness;
(cid:129) limit our ability to reinvest in our business;
(cid:129) render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; and
(cid:129) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt.
Our ability to meet our cash requirements, including our debt service obligations, is dependent

upon our ability to maintain our operating performance, which will be subject to general economic and
competitive conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our
control. We cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from
operations to fund our cash requirements and debt service obligations.

We believe we have adequate sources of liquidity to meet our anticipated requirements for working
capital, debt service and capital expenditures through fiscal 2019 and have no significant debt maturities
prior to January 2020. However, if our operating results, cash flow or capital resources prove
inadequate, or if interest rates rise significantly, we could face liquidity constraints. If we are unable to
service our debt or experience a significant reduction in our liquidity, we could be forced to reduce or

16

delay planned capital expenditures and other initiatives, sell assets, restructure or refinance our debt or
seek additional equity capital, and we may be unable to take any of these actions on satisfactory terms
or in a timely manner. Further, any of these actions may not be sufficient to allow us to service our
debt obligations or may have an adverse impact on our business. Our existing debt agreements limit
our ability to take certain of these actions. Our failure to generate sufficient operating cash flow to pay
our debts or refinance our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on us.

Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility are based upon variable rates of interest, which could
result in higher expense in the event of increases in interest rates.

Borrowings under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility bear interest at a rate
that varies depending on the London Interbank Offered Rate (‘‘LIBOR’’). If LIBOR rises, the interest
rates on outstanding borrowings under our senior secured credit facility will increase. Therefore an
increase in LIBOR would increase our interest payment obligations under those loans and have a
negative effect on our cash flow and financial condition. We currently do not maintain hedging
contracts that would limit our exposure to variable rates of interest.

The covenants in the instruments that govern our current indebtedness may limit our operating and financial
flexibility.

The covenants in the instruments that govern our current indebtedness limit our ability to:
(cid:129) incur debt and liens;
(cid:129) pay dividends;
(cid:129) make redemptions and repurchases of capital stock;
(cid:129) make loans and investments;
(cid:129) prepay, redeem or repurchase debt;
(cid:129) engage in acquisitions, consolidations, asset dispositions, sale-leaseback transactions and affiliate

transactions;

(cid:129) change our business;
(cid:129) amend some of our debt and other material agreements;
(cid:129) issue and sell capital stock of subsidiaries;
(cid:129) restrict distributions from subsidiaries; and
(cid:129) grant negative pledges to other creditors.
The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility contains covenants which place

restrictions on the incurrence of debt beyond the restrictions described above, the payment of
dividends, sale of assets, mergers and acquisitions and the granting of liens. Our Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility has a financial covenant which requires us to maintain a
minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The covenant requires that, if availability under the revolver
(a) on any date is less than $200.0 million, or (b) for three consecutive business days is less than
$250.0 million, we maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.00 to 1.00. As of March 3,
2018, we had availability under our revolver of $2,942.0 million, our fixed charge coverage ratio as
defined in our credit agreement was greater than 1.00 to 1.00, and we were in compliance with the
senior secured credit facility’s financial covenant. Upon closing of the Merger, we expect that all
amounts due under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility will be paid in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement (See ‘‘Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Future Liquidity’’).

17

Our stockholders will experience dilution if we issue additional common stock.

The Merger Agreement limits our ability to issue additional capital stock, subject to certain

exceptions. However, any additional future issuances of common stock will reduce the percentage of
our common stock owned by investors who do not participate in such issuances. In most circumstances,
stockholders will not be entitled to vote on whether we issue additional shares of common stock. The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of issuances of a large number of shares of
our common stock or the perception that such issuances could occur.

Risks Related to our Operations

We need to improve our operations in order to improve our financial condition, but our operations will not
improve if we cannot effectively implement our business strategy or if our strategy is negatively affected by
worsening economic conditions.

We have not yet achieved the sales productivity level of our major competitors. We believe that

improving the sales of existing stores is important to improving profitability and operating cash flow. If
we are not successful in implementing our strategies, including our efforts to increase sales and further
reduce costs, or if our strategies are not effective, we may not be able to improve our operations. In
addition, any adverse change or weakness in general economic conditions or major industries can
adversely affect drug benefit plans and reduce our pharmacy sales. Adverse changes in general
economic conditions could affect consumer buying practices and consequently reduce our sales of front
end products, and cause a decrease in our profitability. Failure to improve operations or weakness in
major industries or general economic conditions would adversely affect our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows and our ability to make principal or interest payments on our debt.

We purchase all of our brand and generic drugs from a single wholesaler. A disruption in this relationship
may have a negative effect on us.

We purchase all of our brand prescription and, with limited exceptions, all of our generic drugs

from a single wholesaler, McKesson. Because McKesson acts as a wholesaler for drugs purchased from
ultimate manufacturers worldwide, any disruption in the supply of a given drug, including supply
shortages of key ingredients, or regulatory actions by domestic or foreign governmental agencies, or
specific actions taken by drug manufacturers, could adversely impact McKesson’s ability to fulfill our
demands, which could adversely affect us. Pharmacy sales represented approximately 65.9% of our total
drugstore sales during fiscal 2018. While we believe that alternative sources of supply for most generic
and brand name pharmaceuticals are readily available, a significant disruption in our relationship with
McKesson could make it difficult for us to continue to operate our business on a regular basis until we
executed a replacement wholesaler agreement or developed and implemented self-distribution
processes. We believe we could obtain and qualify alternative sources, including through
self-distribution, for substantially all of the prescription drugs we sell on an acceptable basis, and
accordingly that the impact of any disruption would be temporary. In addition, pursuant to the terms of
the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, we have the option to purchase pharmaceutical
drugs through an affiliate of WBA under terms, including cost, that are substantially equivalent to
Walgreen’s for a period of ten (10) years, subject to certain terms and conditions.

A significant disruption in our computer systems or a cyber security breach could adversely affect our
operations.

We rely extensively on our computer systems, including those used by EnvisionRx, RediClinic, and

Health Dialog, to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, inventory replenishment and other
processes. Our systems have been subject to attack by perpetrators of random or targeted malicious
technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer viruses, worms, bot attacks or other

18

destructive or disruptive software and attempts to misappropriate customer information, including
credit card information. These sorts of attacks could subject our systems to damage or interruption
from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber security
breaches, vandalism, coordinated cyber security attacks, severe weather conditions, catastrophic events
and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Although we
deploy an information security program that is developed with a multi-layered approach to address
information security threats and vulnerabilities, including ones from a cyber security standpoint,
designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our
information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential
information being accessed, obtained, damaged or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could
harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients,
financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect
our business, financial position and results of operations. Moreover, a data security breach could
require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and
could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties.
We could also be adversely impacted by any significant disruptions in the systems of third parties we
interact with, including key payors and vendors. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly
or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may
experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions,
which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any compromise or breach of our
data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or our data could
also result in a violation of applicable privacy, information security, and other laws, significant legal and
financial exposure, fines or lawsuits, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a
loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. Although we maintain
cyber security insurance, we cannot assure you that the coverage limits under our insurance program
will be adequate to protect us against future claims. In addition, as the regulatory environment related
to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new
and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements
could also result in additional costs.

We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft,
subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.

We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, gift
cards and mobile payment technology, and we may accept new forms of payment over time. Acceptance
of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance
requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and
certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. These requirements may
change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult or costly. For certain payment
methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over
time and raise our operating costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services,
including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these
companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could
potentially disrupt our business. The payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud
and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain
unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. If we fail to
comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related
data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment
card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability
to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. In addition, our customers could lose
confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential

19

changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. As a result, our business and operating
results could be adversely affected.

If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers and associates, we could be
subject to costly government enforcement actions or private litigation.

Through our sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain personal information that

our customers provide to purchase products or services, enroll in promotional programs, register on our
web site, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. We also gather and retain information about
our associates in the normal course of business. We may share information about such persons with
vendors that assist with certain aspects of our business. We also participated in the Plenti coalition with
American Express, in which we provided detailed customer information to allow them to administer the
coalition program. Despite instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, security could
be compromised and confidential customer or business information misappropriated, for which we have
paid related penalties in the past. Loss of customer or business information could disrupt our
operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to claims from customers, financial institutions,
payment card associations and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with more rigorous
privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased
investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.

Risks Related to the Retail Pharmacy and PBM Industries in which we Operate

The markets in which we operate are very competitive and further increases in competition could adversely
affect us.

We face intense competition with local, regional and national companies, including other drugstore

chains, independently owned drugstores, supermarkets, mass merchandisers, dollar stores and internet
pharmacies. Competition from discount stores has significantly increased during the past few years.
Some of our competitors have or may merge with or acquire pharmaceutical services companies,
pharmacy benefit managers, mail order facilities or enter into strategic partnership alliances with
wholesalers or pharmacy benefit managers, which may further increase competition. We may not be
able to effectively compete against them because our existing or potential competitors may have
financial and other resources that are superior to ours. We also face competition from other PBMs,
including large, national PBMs, PBMs owned by national health plans and smaller standalone
PBMs. Certain of these competitors entered into the pharmacy benefit management industry before us,
and there is no assurance that we will successfully compete with entities with more established
pharmacy benefit management businesses. Further, we may be at a competitive disadvantage because
we are more highly leveraged than our competitors. The ability of our stores to achieve profitability
depends on their ability to achieve a critical mass of loyal, repeat customers. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to continue to effectively compete in our markets or increase our sales volume in
response to further increased competition.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Many organizations in the healthcare industry, including pharmacy benefit managers, have

consolidated to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater market power, which has resulted in
greater pricing pressures. If this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises
even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our products and
services. If these pressures result in reductions in our prices, our business will become less profitable
unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs or develop profitable new revenue
streams. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies,

20

government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to cause the healthcare
industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among the
industry participants we engage with, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

The availability of pharmacy drugs is subject to governmental regulations.

The continued conversion of various prescription drugs, including potential conversions of a

number of popular medications, to over-the-counter medications may reduce our pharmacy sales and
customers may seek to purchase such medications at non-pharmacy stores. Also, if the rate at which
new prescription drugs become available slows or if new prescription drugs that are introduced into the
market fail to achieve popularity, our pharmacy sales may be adversely affected. The withdrawal of
certain drugs from the market or concerns about the safety or effectiveness of certain drugs or negative
publicity surrounding certain categories of drugs may also have a negative effect on our pharmacy sales
or may cause shifts in our pharmacy or front end product mix.

Changes in third party reimbursement levels for prescription drugs and changes in industry pricing
benchmarks could reduce our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business.

Sales of prescription drugs reimbursed by third party payors, including the Medicare Part D plans
and state sponsored Medicaid and related managed care Medicaid agencies, represented substantially
all of our pharmacy sales in our Retail Pharmacy segment in fiscal 2018.

The continued efforts of the Federal government, health maintenance organizations, managed care
organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, other State and local government entities, and
other third-party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well
as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may impact our profitability. In addition, some of these
entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our
participation in their networks of pharmacy providers. Any significant loss of third-party business could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In particular, there has been a
growth in the number of preferred Medicare Part D networks, many of which we are excluded from
participating in. Decreased reimbursement payments to retail and mail order pharmacies for generic
drugs has caused a reduction in our generic profit rate. Historically, the effect of this trend has been
mitigated by our efforts to negotiate reduced acquisition costs of generic pharmaceuticals with
manufacturers. Additionally, it has resulted in us providing contractual financial performance
guarantees to certain of our PBM clients with respect to minimum generic drug price discounts for our
retail pharmacy network and mail order pharmacy. Any inability to achieve guaranteed minimum
generic drug price discounts provided to our PBM clients could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations.

In addition, it is possible that the pharmaceutical industry or regulators may evaluate and/or

develop an alternative pricing reference to replace Average Wholesale Price (‘‘AWP’’), which is the
pricing reference used for many of our PBM client contracts, pharmaceutical manufacturer rebate
agreements, retail pharmacy network contracts, specialty payor agreements and other contracts with
third party payors in connection with the reimbursement of drug payments. Future changes to the use
of AWP or to other published pricing benchmarks used to establish pharmaceutical pricing, including
changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by federal and state health programs and/or other
payors, could impact the reimbursement we receive from Medicare programs and Medicaid health
plans, the reimbursement we receive from PBM clients and other payors and/or our ability to negotiate
rebates with pharmaceutical manufacturers, acquisition discounts with wholesalers and retail discounts
with network pharmacies. The effect of these possible changes on our business cannot be predicted at
this time.

21

During the past several years, the United States health care industry has been subject to an

increase in governmental regulation, licensing, and audits at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to
control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are continuing at the federal and state
government levels. Changing political, economic and regulatory influences may significantly affect
health care financing and reimbursement practices. A change in the composition of pharmacy
prescription volume toward programs offering lower reimbursement rates could negatively impact our
profitability. Additionally, significant changes in legislation, regulation and government policy could
significantly impact our business and the health care and retail industries. While it is not possible to
predict whether and when any such changes will occur or what form any such changes may take,
specific proposals discussed during and after the election that could have a material adverse effect on
our business include, but are not limited to, the repeal of all or part of the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (the ‘‘Patient Care Act’’) and other significant changes to health care system
legislation as well as changes with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and other government
regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries.

The repeal of all or part of the Patient Care Act, significant changes to Medicaid funding or even
significant destabilization of the Health Insurance Marketplaces could impact the number of Americans
with health insurance and, consequently, prescription drug coverage. Even if the Patient Care Act
remains, significant provisions of the Patient Care Act have not yet been finalized
(e.g., nondiscrimination in health programs and activities, excise tax on high-cost employer-sponsored
health coverage) and it is uncertain whether or in what form these provisions will be finalized. We
cannot predict the effect, if any, a repeal of all or part of the Patient Care Act, the implementation or
failure to implement the outstanding provisions of the Patient Care Act, or the enactment of new
health care system legislation to replace current legislation may have on our retail pharmacy,
LTC pharmacy and pharmacy services operations.

A substantial portion of our pharmacy revenue is currently generated from a limited number of third party
payors, and, if there is a loss of, or significant change to prescription drug reimbursement rates by, a major
third party payor, our revenue will decrease and our business and prospects could be adversely impacted.

A substantial portion of our pharmacy revenue is currently generated from a limited number of

third party payors. While we are not limited in the number of third party payors with which we can do
business and results may vary over time, our top five third party payors accounted for 78.6%, 77.1%,
and 76.1% of our pharmacy revenue during fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The largest third
party payor, Caremark, represented 27.2% of pharmacy sales during fiscal 2018. The largest third party
payor during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, Express Scripts, represented 26.0% and 27.1% of pharmacy
sales, respectively. We expect that a limited number of third party payors will continue to account for a
significant percentage of our pharmacy revenue, and the loss of, or a significant change to the
prescription drug reimbursement rates by, a major third party payor could decrease our revenue and
harm our business.

We are subject to governmental regulations, procedures and requirements; our noncompliance or a significant
regulatory change could adversely affect our business, the results of our operations or our financial condition.

Our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. Changes in these

regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement.
Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations could result in the imposition of
civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our business,
including: (i) suspension of payments from government programs; (ii) loss of required government
certifications; (iii) loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement
programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; (iv) loss of licenses; or (v) significant fines or
monetary penalties. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, federal,

22

state and local registration and regulation of pharmacies; dispensing and sale of controlled substances
and products containing pseudoephedrine; applicable Medicare and Medicaid Regulations; the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act or (‘‘HIPAA’’); regulations relating to the protection of the
environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to and the management
and disposal of hazardous substances; regulations enforced by the U. S. Federal Trade Commission, the
U. S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Drug Enforcement Administration as well as
state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell;
anti-kickback laws; false claims laws and federal and state laws governing the practice of the profession
of pharmacy. We are also governed by federal and state laws of general applicability, including laws
regulating matters of wage and hour laws, working conditions, health and safety and equal employment
opportunity.

Additionally, Congress passed the Patient Care Act in 2010, which is resulting in significant

structural changes to the health insurance system. Although many of the structural changes enacted by
Patient Care Act were implemented in 2014, some of the applicable regulations and sub-regulatory
guidance have not yet been issued and/or finalized (e.g., nondiscrimination in health programs and
activities, excise tax on high cost employer sponsored coverage). Significant changes in legislation,
regulation and government policy, including, but not limited to, the repeal of all or part of the Patient
Care Act could have a material impact on our business. Therefore, we cannot predict what effect, if
any, the repeal of all or part of the Patient Care Act or any subsequent replacement legislation may
have on our retail pharmacy and pharmacy services businesses.

Certain risks are inherent in providing pharmacy services; our insurance may not be adequate to cover any
claims against us.

Pharmacies are exposed to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and

other healthcare products, such as with respect to improper filling of prescriptions, labeling of
prescriptions, adequacy of warnings, unintentional distribution of counterfeit drugs and expiration of
drugs. In addition, federal and state laws that require our pharmacists to offer counseling, without
additional charge, to their customers about medication, dosage, delivery systems, common side effects
and other information the pharmacists deem significant can impact our business. Our pharmacists may
also have a duty to warn customers regarding any potential negative effects of a prescription drug if the
warning could reduce or negate these effects. Although we maintain professional liability and errors
and omissions liability insurance, from time to time, claims result in the payment of significant
amounts, some portions of which are not funded by insurance. We cannot assure you that the coverage
limits under our insurance programs will be adequate to protect us against future claims, or that we
will be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. Our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows may be adversely affected if in the future our insurance coverage
proves to be inadequate or unavailable or there is an increase in liability for which we self-insure or we
suffer reputational harm as a result of an error or omission.

We may be subject to significant liability should the consumption of any of our products cause injury, illness
or death.

Products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling or

other damage requiring us to recall our products. In addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of
pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury or death. Product liability claims may be asserted against
us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell and we may be obligated to recall our
products. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material, adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

23

Risks of declining gross margins in the PBM industry could adversely impact our profitability.

The PBM industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and
increased client demands for lower prices, enhanced service offerings and/or better service levels, and
higher rebate yields. With respect to rebate yields, we maintain contractual relationships with brand
name pharmaceutical manufacturers that provide for rebates on drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our
retail network and by our mail order pharmacy (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients).
Manufacturer rebates often depend on a PBM’s ability to meet contractual market share or other
requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer’s products on the PBM’s
formularies. If we lose our relationship with one or more pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the
rebates provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results could be
adversely affected. Further, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of
new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical
manufacturers, or to formulary management or other PBM services could also reduce the manufacturer
rebates we receive.

We also maintain contractual relationships with participating pharmacies that provide for discounts
on retail transactions for generic drugs and brand drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our retail network.
If we lose our relationship with one or more of the larger pharmacies in our network, or if the retail
discounts provided by network pharmacies decline, our business and financial results could be adversely
affected. In addition, changes in federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or
regulations relating to claims processing and billing, including our ability to collect network
administration and technology fees, could adversely impact our profitability.

The possibility of PBM client loss and/or the failure to win new PBM business could impact our ability to
secure new business.

Our PBM business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide

prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. PBM client contracts often have
terms of approximately three years in duration, so approximately one third of a PBM’s client base
typically is subject to renewal each year. In some cases, however, PBM clients may negotiate a shorter
or longer contract term or may require early or periodic renegotiation of pricing prior to expiration of
a contract. In addition, the reputational impact of a service-related incident could negatively affect our
ability to grow and retain our client base. Further, the PBM industry has been impacted by
consolidation activity that may continue in the future. In the event one or more of our PBM clients is
acquired by an entity that obtains PBM services from a competitor, we may be unable to retain all or a
portion of our clients’ business. Because of the competitive nature of the business, we continually face
challenges in competing for new PBM business and retaining or renewing our existing PBM business.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to win new business or secure renewal business on
terms as favorable to us as the present terms. These circumstances, either individually or in the
aggregate, could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

24

Regulatory or business changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of Medicare Part D
eligible members, or our failure to otherwise execute on our strategies related to Medicare Part D, may
adversely impact our business and our financial results.

One of our subsidiaries, Envision Insurance Company (‘‘EIC’’), is an insurer domiciled in Ohio

(with Ohio as its primary insurance regulator) and licensed in all 50 states, and is approved to function
as a Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan (‘‘PDP’’) plan sponsor for purposes of individual
insurance products offered to Medicare-eligible beneficiaries and for purposes of making employer/
union-only group waiver plans available for eligible clients. We also provide other products and services
in support of our clients’ Medicare Part D plans or the Federal Retiree Drug Subsidy program. We
have made, and may be required to make further, substantial investments in the personnel and
technology necessary to administer our Medicare Part D strategy. There are many uncertainties about
the financial and regulatory risks of participating in the Medicare Part D program and we can give no
assurance that these risks will not materially adversely impact our business and financial results in
future periods.

EIC is subject to various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated with

participating in Medicare Part D. EIC is subject to certain aspects of state laws regulating the business
of insurance in all jurisdictions in which EIC offers its PDP plans. As a PDP sponsor, EIC is required
to comply with Federal Medicare Part D laws and regulations applicable to PDP sponsors. Additionally,
the receipt of Federal funds made available through the Part D program by us, our affiliates, or clients
is subject to compliance with the Part D regulations and established laws and regulations governing the
Federal government’s payment for healthcare goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Statute
and the False Claims Act. Similar to our requirements with other clients, our policies and practices
associated with operating our PDP are subject to audit. If material contractual or regulatory
non-compliance was to be identified, monetary penalties and/or applicable sanctions, including
suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in Medicare programs, could
be imposed. Further, the adoption or promulgation of new or more complex regulatory requirements
associated with Medicare may require us to incur significant compliance-related costs which could
adversely impact our business and our financial results.

In addition, due to the availability of Medicare Part D, some of our employer clients may decide
to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing the retirees to choose their
own Part D plans, which could cause a reduction in demand for our Medicare Part D group insurance
products. Extensive competition among Medicare Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare
Part D members by our managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our
membership base. For example, if we were to lose our current Star rating with the Centers of Medicare
and Medicaid Services, fewer customers may select our plans, which could have an adverse effect on
our financial results. Like many aspects of our business, the administration of the Medicare Part D
program is complex. Any failure to execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program may have
an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As discussed above, in
March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform was enacted into federal law through the passage of the
Patient Care Act. Additionally, as described above, the Patient Care Act contains various changes to
the Part D program and could have a financial impact on our PDP and our clients’ demand for our
other Part D products and services. Further, it is unclear what effect, if any, the repeal of all or part of
the Patient Care Act may have on the Part D program.

25

Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, an
inability to expand the products being purchased by our clients and customers, or the failure or inability to
obtain or offer particular categories of products could negatively affect our relationship with our clients and
customers and the demand for our products and services.

The success of our business depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service and our

ability to persuade customers to purchase products in additional categories and our private label
brands. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending
patterns, an inability to expand the products being purchased by our clients and customers, or the
failure or inability to obtain or offer particular categories of products could negatively affect our
relationship with our clients and customers and the demand for our products and services.

We offer our customers private label brand products that are available exclusively at our stores and

through our online retail sites. The sale of private label products subjects us to unique risks including
potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls, our ability to successfully
protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties, and other risks
generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell private-label products. Any failure to
adequately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. Additionally, an increase in the sales of our private label brands
may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, consequently, could adversely
impact certain of our supplier relationships. Our ability to locate qualified, economically stable
suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective
manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. Any
failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could adversely affect our
financial performance and erode customer loyalty.

Moreover, customer expectations and new technology advances from our competitors have

required that our business evolve so that we are able to interface with our retail customers not only
face-to-face in our stores but also online and via mobile and social media. Our customers are using
computers, tablets, mobile phones and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online, as well
as to provide public reactions concerning each facet of our operation. If we fail to keep pace with
dynamic customer expectations and new technology developments, our ability to compete and maintain
customer loyalty could be adversely affected.

Finally, EnvisionRx’s specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications

that serve a relatively limited universe of patients. As a result, the future growth of our specialty
pharmacy business is dependent largely upon expanding our base of drugs or penetration in certain
treatment categories. Any contraction of our base of patients or reduction in demand for the
prescriptions we currently dispense could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

Risks Related to the Sale and the Proposed Merger with Albertsons

The proposed Merger with Albertsons is subject to closing conditions, including stockholder, governmental and
regulatory approvals as well as other uncertainties and there can be no assurances as to whether and when
the Merger may be completed. The sale of the distribution centers pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Asset Purchase Agreement is subject to certain minimal customary closing conditions, and there can be no
assurances as to whether and when the sale of such distribution centers may be completed. Failure to complete
the Merger or Sale could negatively impact our stock price, future business and financial results and could
result in significant changes to our strategy.

There can be no assurance that the proposed Merger with Albertsons or the closing of the

distribution centers in the Sale to WBA will occur. Completion of the Merger is subject to certain
conditions, including, among others, (i) approval of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of

26

the outstanding shares of Rite Aid common stock entitled to vote on the Merger, (ii) the expiration or
earlier termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended (the ‘‘HSR Act’’) (which condition was satisfied on March 28, 2018), (iii) the absence
of any law or order prohibiting the Merger, (iv) the absence of a material adverse effect on Rite Aid
and Albertsons, in each case, as defined in the Merger Agreement, (v) approval for listing, on the New
York Stock Exchange (the ‘‘NYSE’’), of the shares of Albertsons Common Stock to be issued in the
Merger and to be reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger, (vi) Albertsons’ registration
statement on Form S-4 shall have become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
‘‘Securities Act’’), and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order,
(vii) approval of the Ohio Department of Insurance for the change of control of Rite Aid’s subsidiary,
EIC, and (viii) Albertsons shall have delivered to Rite Aid a Lock-Up Agreement, No Action
Agreement and Standstill Agreement, in each case, in the form agreed to by the parties to the Merger
Agreement. There can be no assurance that the requisite regulatory approvals will be obtained, that the
other closing conditions will be satisfied, or that the Merger will be completed within the required time
period pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Failure to timely satisfy the closing conditions may delay the
completion of the Merger, and if the closing conditions are not satisfied prior to the End Date
specified in the Merger Agreement, Rite Aid and Albertsons will not be obligated to complete the
Merger.

Additionally, while the majority of the closing conditions to the Sale have been satisfied, the
transfers of Rite Aid’s distribution centers and related assets to WBA remain subject to minimal
customary closing conditions applicable only to the distribution centers being transferred at such
closing, as specified in the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement. There can be no
assurance that the minimal remaining closing conditions will be satisfied, or that the distribution center
closing of the Sale will be completed.

If the Merger or the distribution center closing of the Sale are not completed for any reason, we

will have incurred substantial expenses. We have incurred substantial legal, accounting and financial
advisory fees that are payable by us whether or not the Merger or the distribution center closing of the
Sale is completed, and our management has devoted considerable time and effort in connection with
the pending Merger and Sale. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain limited
circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement may require us to pay
Albertsons a termination fee of $65 million. In addition, the trading price of our common stock could
be adversely affected to the extent that the current price reflects an assumption that the Merger and/or
the distribution center closing of the Sale will be completed. Additionally, there may be changes to our
strategy in the event that the Merger and/or the distribution center closing of the Sale do not close,
which may include delaying or reducing capital or other expenditures, selling assets or other operations,
closing underperforming stores, attempting to restructure or refinance our debt, seeking additional
capital or incurring other costs associated with restructuring our business. Additionally, we may not be
able to restructure or refinance our existing debt on satisfactory terms or in a timely manner. Any of
these event could cause us to incur significant charges. For these and other reasons, a failed Merger or
failure to complete the distribution center closing of the Sale could materially adversely affect our
business, operating results or financial condition.

The pendency of the Merger and the Sale may cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The pendency of the Merger and the Sale could cause disruptions in and create uncertainty

regarding our business, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations, regardless of whether the Merger and the distribution center closing of the Sale are

27

completed. These risks, which could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger and the
distribution center closing of the Sale, include the following:

(cid:129) certain vendors may change their programs or processes which might adversely affect the supply

or cost of the products, which then might adversely affect our stores sales or gross profit;

(cid:129) negotiations with third party payors might be adversely affected which then might adversely

affect our stores sales or gross profit;

(cid:129) our current and prospective associates may experience uncertainty about their future roles, which

might adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel;

(cid:129) key management and other employees may be difficult to retain or may become distracted from
day-to-day operations because matters related to the Merger or the Sale may require substantial
commitments of their time and resources, which could adversely affect our operations and
financial results;

(cid:129) our current and prospective customers may experience uncertainty about the ability of our stores

to meet their needs, which might cause customers to make purchases or fill their prescriptions
elsewhere;

(cid:129) our ability to pursue alternative business opportunities, including strategic acquisitions, is limited

by the terms of the Merger Agreement and the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase
Agreement (with respect to the distribution centers and related assets being sold pursuant
thereto). If the Merger and/or the Sale is not completed for any reason, there can be no
assurance that any other transaction acceptable to us will be offered or that our business,
prospects or results of operations will not be adversely affected;

(cid:129) our ability to make appropriate changes to our business may be restricted by covenants in the
Merger Agreement or the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement (with respect to
the distribution centers and related assets being sold pursuant thereto); these restrictions
generally require us to conduct our business in the ordinary course and subject us to a variety of
specified limitations absent Albertsons’ or WBA’s prior written consent, as applicable. We may
find that these and other contractual restrictions in the Merger Agreement or the Amended and
Restated Asset Purchase Agreement may delay or prevent us from responding, or limit our
ability to respond, effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future
business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management believes they
may be advisable; and

(cid:129) the costs and potential adverse outcomes of litigation relating to the Merger or the Sale.

Item 1B. Unresolved SEC Staff Comments

None

Item 2. Properties

As of March 3, 2018, we operated 2,550 retail drugstores. The average selling square feet of each
store in our chain is approximately 10,500 square feet. The average total square feet of each store in
our chain is approximately 13,600. The stores in the eastern part of the U.S. average 8,800 selling
square feet per store (11,200 average total square feet per store). The stores in the western part of the
U.S. average 14,300 selling square feet per store (19,000 average total square feet per store).

28

The table below identifies the number of stores by state as of March 3, 2018:

State
California . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Colorado . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Connecticut . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Delaware . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Idaho . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Massachusetts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maryland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michigan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
North Carolina . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nevada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New Hampshire . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New Jersey . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New York . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ohio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Oregon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pennsylvania . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vermont
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Virginia . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Washington . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Store
Count
570
3
34
42
14
10
44
269
8
1
62
133
321
214
73
529
6
78
139
2,550

Our stores have the following attributes at March 3, 2018:

Attribute
Freestanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Drive through pharmacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
GNC stores within a Rite Aid store . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number
1,521
1,364
1,507

Percentage
59.6%
53.5%
59.1%

We lease 2,414 of our operating drugstore facilities under non-cancelable leases, many of which

have original terms of 10 to 22 years. In addition to minimum rental payments, which are set at
competitive market rates, certain leases require additional payments based on sales volume, as well as
reimbursement for taxes, maintenance and insurance. Most of our leases contain renewal options, some
of which involve rent increases. The remaining 136 drugstore facilities are owned.

We own our corporate headquarters, which is located in a 213,000 square foot building at

30 Hunter Lane, Camp Hill, Pennsylvania 17011. We lease 547,000 square feet of space in various
buildings near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania for document warehousing use and additional administrative
personnel. We own additional buildings near Harrisburg, Pennsylvania which total 100,000 square feet
and house our model store and additional administrative personnel.

29

We operate the following distribution centers and satellite distribution locations, which we own or

lease as indicated:

Owned or

Leased

Location
Distribution centers, continuing operations
Perryman, Maryland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Owned
Perryman, Maryland(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leased
Pontiac, Michigan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Owned
Woodland, California . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Owned
Leased
Woodland, California(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Wilsonville, Oregon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leased
Lancaster, California . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Owned
Liverpool, New York . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Owned

Approximate
Square Footage

885,000
262,000
325,000
513,000
220,000
547,000
914,000
828,000

(1) Satellite distribution locations.

The original terms of the leases for our distribution centers and satellite distribution locations

range from 5 to 20 years. In addition to minimum rental payments, certain distribution centers require
tax reimbursement, maintenance and insurance. Most leases contain renewal options, some of which
involve rent increases. Although from time to time, we may be near capacity at some of our
distribution facilities, particularly at our older facilities, we believe that the capacity of our facilities is
adequate.

We also own a 55,600 square foot ice cream manufacturing facility and lease a 32,000 square foot

storage facility located in El Monte, California.

We lease approximately 19,800 square feet in 36 HEB grocery stores in Texas under a master lease

agreement that contains various renewal options through 2024.

Our Pharmacy Services segment leases approximately 235,000 square feet of space in various

buildings primarily in Twinsburg, Ohio for additional administrative personnel. In addition, we own
approximately 53,000 square feet of space in North Canton, Ohio for our mail order and specialty drug
facilities.

On a regular basis and as part of our normal business, we evaluate store performance and may

reduce in size, close or relocate a store if the store is redundant, underperforming or otherwise deemed
unsuitable. We also evaluate strategic dispositions and acquisitions of facilities and prescription files.
When we reduce in size, close or relocate a store or close distribution center facilities, we often
continue to have leasing obligations or own the property. We attempt to sublease this space. As of
March 3, 2018, we had 4,199,254 square feet of excess space, 2,825,434 square feet of which was
subleased.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The information in response to this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 22,

Commitments and Contingencies of the Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable

30

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases

of Equity Securities.

Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol ‘‘RAD.’’ On April 16, 2018, we had

approximately 11,432 stockholders of record. Quarterly high and low sales prices, based on the
composite transactions, are shown below.

Fiscal Year
2019 (through April 16, 2018) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . First
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . First

Quarter

2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . First

High
$1.97
6.02
4.21
2.80
2.55
8.20
7.88
8.30
8.77

Low
$1.46
3.32
2.21
1.38
1.71
7.41
6.66
6.33
5.20

Second
Third
Fourth

Second
Third
Fourth

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since the third quarter of

fiscal 2000 and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. Our senior secured credit facility and some of the indentures that govern our other outstanding
indebtedness restrict our ability to pay dividends.

We have not sold any unregistered equity securities during the period covered by this report, nor

have we repurchased any of our common stock, during the period covered by this report.

Pursuant to the terms of the Envision acquisition agreement, we issued approximately 27.8 million

shares of common stock in connection with the June 24, 2015 acquisition of EnvisionRx.

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The graph below compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return

on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with the cumulative total return on (i) the Russell
1000 Consumer Staples Index, and (ii) the Russell 1000 Index, over the same period (assuming the
investment of $100.00 in our common stock and such indexes on March 2, 2013 and reinvestment of
dividends).

For comparison of cumulative total return, we have elected to use the Russell 1000 Consumer

Staples Index, consisting of 50 companies including the three largest drugstore chains, and the Russell
1000 Index. This allows comparison of the company to a peer group of similar sized companies. We are
one of the companies included in the Russell 1000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 1000 Index.
The Russell 1000 Consumer Staples Index is a capitalization-weighted index of companies that provide
products directly to consumers that are typically considered nondiscretionary items based on consumer
purchasing habits. The Russell 1000 Index consists of the largest 1000 companies in the Russell 3000
Index and represents the universe of large capitalization stocks from which many active money
managers typically select.

31

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH

Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return

Assumes Initial Investment of $100 on March 2, 2013

March 3, 2018

500.00

450.00

400.00

350.00

300.00

250.00

200.00

150.00

100.00

50.00

0.00

3/2/2013

3/1/2014

2/28/2015

2/27/2016

3/04/2017

3/03/2018

Rite Aid Corporation

Russell 1000 Index

Russell 1000 Consumer Staples Index

20APR201806403004

RITE AID CORP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Russell 1000 Index . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Russell 1000 Consumer Staples Index . .

2014
392.26
126.10
114.73

2015
475.00
144.86
140.20

2016
473.81
135.43
148.04

2017
324.40
170.10
165.46

2018
113.69
195.57
160.44

32

Item 6. Selected Financial Data—Continuing Operations

The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with ‘‘Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations’’ and the audited
consolidated financial statements and related notes.

Fiscal Year Ended(2)

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)(*)

March 4,

2017

February 27,

February 28,

2016

2015

(53 weeks)(*)

(52 weeks)(*)

(52 weeks)

March 1,

2014

(52 weeks)

Summary of Continuing Operations:
Revenues from continuing operations
Net (loss) income from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic and diluted income per share:
Basic (loss) income per share from

continuing operations . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted (loss) income per share from
continuing operations . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total debt(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

$21,528,968 $22,927,540 $20,770,237 $16,558,195 $15,874,638

(349,532)

4,080

102,088

2,011,846

199,458

$

$

(0.33) $

0.00 $

0.10 $

2.07 $

0.18

(0.33) $

0.00 $

0.10 $

1.98 $

8,989,327
3,939,265

11,593,752
7,328,693

11,277,010
6,994,136

8,777,425
5,559,116

0.17
6,860,672
5,672,944

(*) Includes the results of the Pharmacy Services segment, which was acquired on June 24, 2015.
(1) As of February 27, 2016, the Company early adopted Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-03,

Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in April 2015. The effect of the adoption on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheet is a reduction in other assets and long-term debt, net of
current maturities of $85,827 and $84,199 as of February 28, 2015 and March 1, 2014 respectively.

(2) As noted above, and further detailed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, in

connection with the Sale, the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for the Sale
as required by Accounting Standards Codification 210-05—Discontinued Operations
(‘‘ASC 210-05’’). In accordance with ASC 205-20, the Company reclassified the assets and liabilities
to be sold, including 1,932 stores (the ‘‘Acquired Stores’’), three (3) distribution centers, related
inventory and other specified assets and liabilities thereto (collectively the ‘‘Assets to be Sold’’ or
‘‘Disposal Group’’) to assets and liabilities held for sale on its consolidated balance sheets, and
reclassified the financial results of the Disposal Group in its consolidated statements of operations
and consolidated statements of cash flows for all periods presented.

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Continuing

Operations

Overview

We are a pharmacy retail healthcare company, providing our customers and communities with a
high level of care and service through various programs we offer through our two reportable business
segments, our Retail Pharmacy segment and our Pharmacy Services segment. We accomplish our goal
of delivering comprehensive care to our customers through our retail drugstores, RediClinic walk-in
retail health clinics and our transparent and traditional PBMs EnvisionRxOptions and MedTrak. We
also offer fully integrated mail-order and specialty pharmacy services through EnvisionPharmacies.
Additionally through EIC, EnvisionRxOptions also serves one of the fastest-growing demographics in

33

healthcare: seniors enrolled in Medicare Part D. When combined with our retail platform, this
comprehensive suite of services allows us to provide value and choice to customers, patients and payors
and allows us to succeed in today’s evolving healthcare marketplace.

Retail Pharmacy Segment
Our Retail Pharmacy segment sells brand and generic prescription drugs, as well as an assortment
of front-end products including health and beauty aids, personal care products, seasonal merchandise,
and a large private brand product line. Our Retail Pharmacy segment generates the majority of its
revenue through the sale of prescription drugs and front-end products at our 2,550 retail stores. We
replenish our retail stores through a combination of direct store delivery of pharmaceutical products
facilitated through our pharmacy Purchasing and Delivery Agreement with McKesson Corporation, and
the majority of our front end products through our network of distribution centers. In addition, the
Retail Pharmacy segment includes 75 RediClinic walk-in retail clinics, of which 39 are located within
Rite Aid retail stores in the Philadelphia, Seattle and New Jersey markets.

Pharmacy Services Segment
Our Pharmacy Services segment, which was formed on June 24, 2015 through our acquisition of

EnvisionRxOptions, provides a full range of pharmacy benefit services. The Pharmacy Services segment
provides both transparent and traditional pharmacy benefit management (‘‘PBM’’) options through its
EnvisionRxOptions and MedTrak PBMs, respectively. EnvisionRxOptions also offers fully integrated
mail-order and specialty pharmacy services through EnvisionPharmacies; access to the nation’s largest
cash pay infertility discount drug program via Design Rx; an innovative claims adjudication software
platform in Laker Software; and a national Medicare Part D prescription drug plan through EIC’s
EnvisionRx Plus product offering. The segment’s clients are primarily employers, insurance companies,
unions, government employee groups, health plans, Managed Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, other
sponsors of health benefit plans and individuals throughout the United States.

Merger Agreement with Albertsons Companies, Inc.

Agreement and Plan of Merger

On February 18, 2018, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Albertsons and the Merger

Subs. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
(i) Merger Sub will merge with and into Rite Aid in the Merger, with Rite Aid surviving the Merger as
the Surviving Corporation, a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Merger Sub II, and (ii) immediately
following the Merger, the Surviving Corporation will merge with and into Merger Sub II in the
Subsequent Merger, with Merger Sub II surviving the Subsequent Merger as the Surviving Company, a
wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Albertsons.

At the Effective Time, each share of our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior

to the Effective Time (other than shares of our common stock owned by Albertsons, Merger Sub or
Rite Aid (including treasury stock held by Rite Aid), which will be cancelled) will be converted into the
right to receive and become exchangeable for 0.1000 (the ‘‘Base Exchange Ratio’’) of a fully paid and
nonassessable share of Albertsons Common Stock (the ‘‘Base Consideration’’), without interest, plus, at
the election of the holder of our common stock, either (i) an amount in cash equal to $0.1832 per
share (the ‘‘Additional Cash Consideration’’ and, together with the Base Consideration, the ‘‘Cash
Election Consideration’’), without interest, or (ii) 0.0079 (the ‘‘Additional Stock Election Exchange
Ratio’’ and, together with the Base Exchange Ratio, the ‘‘Stock Election Exchange Ratio’’) of a fully
paid and nonassessable share of Albertsons Common Stock (the ‘‘Additional Stock Consideration’’ and,
together with the Base Consideration, the ‘‘Stock Election Consideration’’).

34

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each option to purchase our
common stock granted under any Rite Aid stock plan that is outstanding and unexercised immediately
prior to the Effective Time (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid Stock Option’’), whether or not then vested or
exercisable, will be assumed by Albertsons and will be converted into a stock option to acquire a
number of shares of Albertsons Common Stock (an ‘‘Albertsons Stock Option’’), on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time
(but taking into account any changes thereto provided for in the Merger Agreement), equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of our common stock subject to such Rite Aid Stock Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (ii) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares after aggregating each individual holder’s
Rite Aid Stock Options with the same exercise price. The exercise price per share of Albertsons
Common Stock subject to each such Albertsons Stock Option will be an amount (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient of (A) the excess of (x) the per share exercise price of such
Rite Aid Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time over (y) the Additional Cash
Consideration divided by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio.

Except as described below for a current or former non-employee director, consultant, employee or

other service provider of Rite Aid who is not a continuing employee or continuing service provider
after the Effective Time (each, a ‘‘Former Service Provider’’), subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding time- or performance-vesting restricted stock unit
granted under any Rite Aid Stock Plan (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid RSU’’), whether or not then vested, will be
assumed by Albertsons and will be converted into a restricted stock unit award (a ‘‘Albertsons RSU’’),
on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including settlement in cash with respect to any Rite Aid RSU that by its terms
provides for settlement in cash and settlement in Albertsons Common Stock with respect to any Rite
Aid RSU that by its terms provides for settlement in our common stock), relating to the number of
shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of Rite Aid RSUs held by
the holder thereof immediately prior to the Effective Time, assuming achievement of any applicable
performance metrics at the target level of achievement, multiplied by (ii) the Stock Election Exchange
Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares.

Except as described below for Former Service Providers, subject to the terms of the Merger

Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding restricted share award granted under any Rite Aid
Stock Plan (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid RSA’’), whether or not then vested, will be assumed by Albertsons and
will be converted into a restricted share award (each, a ‘‘Albertsons RSA’’) on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid RSA immediately prior to the Effective Time (but
taking into account any changes thereto provided for in the Merger Agreement), relating to the
number of shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of our
common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA multiplied by (ii) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any
fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares, plus, a number of shares of
Albertsons Common Stock or an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number of shares of
our common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by
(Y) the Additional Stock Consideration or the Additional Cash Consideration, as elected by the holder
of such Rite Aid RSA.

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, with respect to each Rite Aid RSA and Rite Aid
RSU held by a Former Service Provider, (i) the vesting will be fully accelerated at the Effective Time
(and all restrictions thereupon will lapse), and (ii) subject to deduction and withholding rights, in
respect of such outstanding Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU, such Former Service Provider will be
entitled to receive that number of whole shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of
(A) the number of shares of our common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU
immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics

35

at the target level of achievement) multiplied by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares, plus, a number of shares of Albertsons
Common Stock or an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number of shares of our common
stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time
(assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target level of achievement)
multiplied by (Y) the Additional Stock Consideration or the Additional Cash Consideration, as elected
by the holder of such Rite Aid RSA and Rite Aid RSU, except, with respect to any Rite Aid RSU that
by its terms provides for settlement in cash, the Former Service Provider will be entitled to receive the
cash value of the number of whole shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of
(A) the number of shares of Company our common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSU immediately
prior to the Effective Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target
level of achievement) multiplied by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to
the nearest whole number of shares, plus, an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number
of shares of Company our common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the
Effective Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target level of
achievement) multiplied by (Y) the Additional Cash Consideration (for the avoidance of doubt, the
holder will not have the right to elect Additional Stock Consideration).

Consummation of the Merger is subject to various closing conditions, including but not limited to
(i) approval of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
our common stock entitled to vote on the Merger, (ii) the expiration or earlier termination of the
waiting period under the HSR Act (which condition was satisfied on March 28, 2018), (iii) the absence
of any law or order prohibiting the Merger, (iv) the absence of a material adverse effect on Rite Aid
and Albertsons, in each case, as defined in the Merger Agreement, (v) approval for listing, on the
NYSE, of the shares of Albertsons Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and to be reserved for
issuance in connection with the Merger, (vi) Albertsons’s registration statement on Form S-4 shall have
become effective under the Securities Act, and shall not be the subject of any stop order or
proceedings seeking a stop order, (vii) approval of the Ohio Department of Insurance for the change of
control of EIC, and (viii) Albertsons shall have delivered the Company a Lock-Up Agreement, No
Action Agreement and Standstill Agreement, in each case, in the form agreed to by the parties to the
Merger Agreement.

The parties to the Merger Agreement have each made customary representations and warranties.

The parties to the Merger Agreement have each agreed to various covenants and agreements,
including, among others, (i) each party’s agreement to conduct its business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice during the period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and
the closing of the Merger, (ii) Rite Aid’s agreement to not solicit proposals relating to alternative
transactions to the Merger or engage in discussions or negotiations with respect thereto, subject to
certain exceptions, (iii) Albertsons’s covenant to agree to the sale, divestiture or disposition of any
assets of Rite Aid that do not exceed $45 million in retail four-wall EBITDA if necessary or advisable
in order to obtain antitrust approval of the Merger, and (iv) Albertsons’s agreement to use reasonable
best efforts to arrange and obtain the debt financing contemplated by the debt commitment letter
executed in connection with the Merger Agreement, or such alternative financing as contemplated by
the Merger Agreement.

On February 18, 2018, in connection with the Merger Agreement, Rite Aid entered into a

standstill agreement (the ‘‘Standstill Agreement’’) with Albertsons and Cerberus Capital
Management, L.P. (‘‘Cerberus’’), pursuant to which Cerberus has agreed not to: (i)purchase shares of
Albertsons Common Stock or other securities issued by Albertsons, except Cerberus may acquire
beneficial ownership of Albertsons Common Stock provided that such beneficial ownership does not
result in ownership of 30% or more of the issued and outstanding shares of Albertsons Common Stock
in the aggregate following such transaction, (ii) make any public statement or public disclosure

36

regarding any intent, purpose, plan or proposal by Cerberus or any of its controlled affiliates to the
composition of the Albertsons board of directors, any merger, consolidation or acquisition of
Albertsons or its subsidiaries, (iii) engage in any solicitation of proxies or otherwise solicit the
stockholders of Albertsons or (iv) enter into any agreements to make any investment with any person
that engages or offers or proposes to engage in any of (i) through (iii) during the standstill period. The
standstill period commences at the Effective Time and terminates upon the earliest to occur of
(a) thirty days following the date that Cerberus does not have any of its designees on the Albertsons
board of directors, (b) the date on which Cerberus no longer has the right to appoint (and has not
appointed) at least one director to the Albertsons board of directors pursuant to the Merger
Agreement and (c) the date on which Albertsons materially breaches or takes any action challenging
the validity or enforceability of the provisions of the Merger Agreement that grant Cerberus certain
rights to appoint directors to the Albertsons board of directors. In addition, pursuant to the Standstill
Agreement, from February 18, 2018 until the Effective Time, Cerberus has agreed not to acquire or
agree to acquire beneficial ownership of any shares of Albertsons Common Stock, Rite Aid common
stock or other securities or debt issued by Albertsons or Rite Aid that would result in beneficial
ownership of 30% or more of the issued and outstanding shares of Albertsons Common Stock at the
Effective Time (assuming for the purposes of such calculation that the Effective Time occurred
immediately after such acquisition).

Asset Sale to WBA

Termination of Merger Agreement with WBA

On June 28, 2017, Rite Aid, WBA and Victoria Merger Sub, Inc. entered into a Termination

Agreement (the ‘‘Merger Termination Agreement’’) under which the parties agreed to terminate the
WBA Merger Agreement. The Merger Termination Agreement provides that WBA would pay to Rite
Aid a termination fee in the amount of $325.0 million, which we received on June 30, 2017.

Entry Into Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement with WBA

On September 18, 2017, we entered into the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement

with WBA and Buyer, which amended and restated in its entirety the previously disclosed Asset
Purchase Agreement (the ‘‘Original APA’’), dated as of June 28, 2017, by and among Rite Aid, WBA
and Buyer. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated
Asset Purchase Agreement, Buyer agreed to purchase from Rite Aid 1,932 stores (the ‘‘Acquired
Stores’’), three distribution centers, related inventory and other specified assets and liabilities related
thereto (collectively the ‘‘Assets to be Sold’’ or ‘‘Disposal Group’’) for a purchase price of
approximately $4.375 billion, on a cash-free, debt-free basis (the ‘‘Sale’’).

We announced on September 19, 2017 that the waiting period under the HSR Act expired with

respect to the Sale. As of March 3, 2018, we have sold 1,651 stores and related assets to WBA in
exchange for proceeds of $3,553.5 million, which were used to repay outstanding debt. As of March 27,
2018, we have completed the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets have been
transferred to WBA and we have received cash proceeds of $4.157 billion.

The parties to the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement have each made customary

representations and warranties. We have agreed to various covenants and agreements, including, among
others, our agreement to conduct our business at the distribution centers being sold to WBA in the
ordinary course during the period between the execution of the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase
Agreement and the subsequent closings. We have also agreed to provide transition services to Buyer for
up to three (3) years after the initial closing of the Sale. Under the terms of the TSA, we provide
various services on behalf of WBA, including but not limited to the purchase and distribution of
inventory and virtually all selling, general and administrative activities. In connection with these

37

services, we purchase the related inventory and incur cash payments for the selling, general and
administrative activities, which, we bill on a cash neutral basis to WBA in accordance with terms as
outlined in the TSA. Total billings for these items from the initial closing through March 3, 2018 were
$725.2 million, of which $354.3 million is included in accounts receivable. We have charged WBA fees
under the Transition Services Agreement (‘‘TSA’’) with WBA of $8.4 million from the initial closing
through March 3, 2018 which are reflected as a reduction to selling, general and administrative
expenses.

Albertsons is obligated to assume our remaining obligations under the TSA with WBA. Under the

terms of the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, we have the option to purchase
pharmaceutical drugs through an affiliate of WBA under terms, including cost, that are substantially
equivalent to Walgreen’s for a period of ten (10) years, subject to certain terms and conditions.

Divestiture of the Assets to be Sold

Through March 3, 2018, we announced that we have sold 1,651 of the 1,932 stores for

$3.553 billion, which we used to reduce our outstanding indebtedness. We estimate that the total
pre-tax gain on the Sale will be approximately $2.5 billion. As of March 27, 2018, we have completed
the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets have been transferred to WBA and
Rite Aid has received cash proceeds of $4.157 billion. The transfer of the three distribution centers and
related inventory is expected to begin after September 1, 2018. The majority of the closing conditions
have been satisfied, and the transfer of Rite Aid’s distribution centers and related assets remain subject
to minimal customary closing conditions applicable only to the distribution centers being transferred at
such distribution center closing, as specified in the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement.

Based on its magnitude and because we are exiting certain markets, the Sale represents a

significant strategic shift that has a material effect on our operations and financial results. Accordingly,
we have applied discontinued operations treatment for the Sale as required by GAAP.

Overview of Financial Results from Continuing Operations

Net (Loss) Income: Our net loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 was $349.5 million or
$0.33 per basic and diluted share compared to net income from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 of
$4.1 million or $0.00 per basic and diluted share. The decrease in our operating results was due
primarily to $325.0 million of income tax expense relating to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets
as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the ‘‘2017 Tax Act’’) and a charge of $261.7 million
($191.0 million net of the related income tax benefit),for the impairment of goodwill related to our
Pharmacy Services segment. Also impacting our results was a decline in Adjusted EBITDA, higher
costs associated with the WBA store sale and higher lease termination and impairment charges,
partially offset by the receipt of the $325.0 million Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee for
the termination of the WBA Merger Agreement, effective June 28, 2017 and a higher LIFO credit.

Adjusted EBITDA: Our Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for fiscal 2018 was

$559.9 million or 2.6 percent of revenues, compared to $740.1 million or 3.2 percent of revenues for
fiscal year 2017. The decline in our Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was due primarily to
a decrease of $163.5 million in the Retail Pharmacy segment and $16.7 million in the Pharmacy
Services segment. The decrease in the Retail Pharmacy segment Adjusted EBITDA was primarily
driven by a decline in pharmacy sales and gross profit resulting from reductions in reimbursement rates
which we were unable to fully offset with generic purchasing efficiencies, as well as lower script counts.
The decrease in the Pharmacy Services segment Adjusted EBITDA was driven primarily by a decline in
revenues due to the change in the composition of our Medicare Part D membership and a decline in
commercial business. Please see the sections entitled ‘‘Segment Analysis’’ and ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA,

38

Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share and Other Non-GAAP
Measures’’ below for additional details.

Consolidated Results of Operations—Continuing Operations

Revenue and Other Operating Data

Revenues(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income per diluted share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted Net (Loss) Income(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share(b) . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)
(52 Weeks)
(Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)

(53 Weeks)

$21,528,968

$22,927,540

$20,770,237

(6.1)%

$ (349,532)
(0.33)
$
559,894
$
(20,238)
$
$
(0.02)

10.4%
4,080
0.00
740,051
84,541
0.08

$
$
$
$
$

25.4%

102,088
0.10
849,267
164,604
0.16

$
$
$
$
$

(a) Revenues for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 exclude

$200,326, $232,964 and $153,664, respectively, of inter-segment activity that is eliminated in
consolidation.

(b) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ for additional details.

Revenues

Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017: The 6.1% decrease in revenues was due primarily to a

$934.0 million decrease in Retail Pharmacy segment revenues, which includes the extra week in the
prior year as described below, and a $497.2 million decrease in Pharmacy Services segment revenues.
Same store sales trends for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 are described in the ‘‘Segment Analysis’’ section
below.

Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016: The 10.4% increase in revenues was due primarily to the

increase in the Pharmacy Services segment, due to a full year of Pharmacy Services segment operating
results being included in Fiscal 2017 compared to a partial year in the prior year, partially offset by
decreases in the Retail Pharmacy segment.

Please see the section entitled ‘‘Segment Analysis’’ below for additional details regarding revenues.

39

Costs and Expenses

Costs of revenues(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a

percentage of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee . . . . . .
Gain on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

$16,748,863
4,780,105

$17,862,833
5,064,707

$15,778,258
4,991,979

22.2%

22.1%

24.0%

$ 4,651,262

$ 4,776,995

$ 4,581,171

21.6%

58,765
261,727
202,768
—
(325,000)
(25,872)

20.8%

45,778
—
200,065
—
—
(6,649)

22.1%

40,477
—
186,132
33,205
—
(606)

(a) Cost of revenues for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

exclude $200,326, $232,964 and $153,664, respectively, of inter-segment activity that is eliminated in
consolidation.

Gross Profit and Cost of Revenues

Gross profit decreased by $284.6 million in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. Gross profit for
fiscal 2018 includes a decline of $299.6 million in our Retail Pharmacy segment, which includes the
extra week in the prior year as described below, partially offset by incremental gross profit of
$15.0 million relating to our Pharmacy Services segment. Gross margin was 22.2% for fiscal 2018
compared to 22.1% in fiscal 2017. Please see the section entitled ‘‘Segment Analysis’’ for a more
detailed description of gross profit and gross margin results by segment.

Gross profit increased by $72.7 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Gross profit for

fiscal 2017 includes incremental gross profit of $161.9 million relating to our Pharmacy Services
segment. Our Pharmacy Services segment includes a full year of operating results in fiscal 2017 as
compared to a partial year in fiscal 2016. This was partially offset by a decline of $89.2 million in our
Retail Pharmacy segment. Gross margin was 22.1% for fiscal 2017 compared to 24.0% in fiscal 2016,
due primarily to lower reimbursement rates in the Retail Pharmacy segment that were not offset by
lower prescription drug costs and revenue growth in our Pharmacy Services segment, which carries a
lower gross margin as a percentage of revenue.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

SG&A decreased by $125.7 million in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. The decrease in SG&A
includes a decrease of $154.9 million relating to our Retail Pharmacy segment, which includes the extra
week in the prior year as described below, partially offset by an increase of $29.2 million relating to our
Pharmacy Services segment. Please see the section entitled ‘‘Segment Analysis’’ below for additional
details regarding SG&A.

SG&A increased by $195.8 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The increase in SG&A
includes an incremental increase of $104.8 million relating to our Pharmacy Services segment due to a
full year of Pharmacy Services segment operating results being included in fiscal 2017 as compared to
fiscal 2016.

40

Lease Termination and Impairment Charges

Impairment Charges:

We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that an asset group has a carrying value that may not be recoverable. The individual operating store is
the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. As such, we evaluate individual stores for
recoverability of assets. To determine if a store needs to be tested for recoverability, we consider items
such as decreases in market prices, changes in the manner in which the store is being used or physical
condition, changes in legal factors or business climate, an accumulation of losses significantly in excess
of budget, a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash
flow losses or a projection of continuing losses, or an expectation that the store will be closed or sold.
We monitor new and recently relocated stores against operational projections and other strategic
factors such as regional economics, new competitive entries and other local market considerations to
determine if an impairment evaluation is required. For other stores, we perform a recoverability
analysis if they have experienced current-period and historical cash flow losses.

In performing the recoverability test, we compare the expected future cash flows of a store to the

carrying amount of its assets. Significant judgment is used to estimate future cash flows. Major
assumptions that contribute to our future cash flow projections include expected sales, gross profit, and
distribution expenses; expected costs such as payroll, occupancy costs and advertising expenses; and
estimates for other significant selling, and general and administrative expenses. Additionally, we take
into consideration that certain operating stores are executing specific improvement plans which are
monitored quarterly to recoup recent capital investments, such as an acquisition of an independent
pharmacy, which we have made to respond to specific competitive or local market conditions, or have
specific programs tailored towards a specific geography or market.

We recorded impairment charges of $37.9 million in fiscal 2018, $22.7 million in fiscal 2017 and
$9.3 million in fiscal 2016. Our methodology for recording impairment charges has been consistently
applied in the periods presented.

At March 3, 2018, approximately $1.2 billion of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets,

were associated with 2,550 active operating stores.

If an operating store’s estimated future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to cover its

carrying value, its carrying value is reduced to fair value which is its estimated future discounted cash
flows. The discount rate is commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of a similar asset.
An impairment charge is recorded in the period that the store does not meet its original return on

investment and/or has an operating loss for the last two years and its projected cash flows do not
exceed its current asset carrying value. The amount of the impairment charge is the entire difference
between the current carrying asset value and the estimated fair value of the assets using discounted
future cash flows. Most stores are fully impaired in the period that the impairment charge is originally
recorded.

We recorded impairment charges for active stores of $34.8 million in fiscal 2018, $20.6 million in

fiscal 2017 and $8.2 million in fiscal 2016.

We review key performance results for active stores on a quarterly basis and approve certain stores

for closure. Impairment for closed stores, if any (many stores are closed on lease expiration), are
recorded in the quarter the closure decision is approved. Closure decisions are made on an individual
store or regional basis considering all of the macro-economic, industry and other factors, in addition to,
the operating store’s individual operating results. We currently have no plans to close a significant
number of active stores in future periods. We recorded impairment charges for closed facilities of
$3.1 million in fiscal 2018, $2.0 million in fiscal 2017 and $1.0 million in fiscal 2016.

41

The following table summarizes the impairment charges and number of locations, segregated by

closed facilities and active stores that have been recorded in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016:

(in thousands, except number of stores)
Active stores:

Stores previously impaired(1) . . . . . . . . . . .
New, relocated and remodeled stores(2) . . .
Remaining stores not meeting the

recoverability test(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total impairment charges—active stores . . . . .
Total impairment charges—closed facilities . . .
. . . . .
Total impairment charges—all locations

March 3, 2018

March 4, 2017

Number

Charge

Number

Charge

February 27, 2016
Number
Charge

218
28

60
306
67
373

$ 7,313
13,100

14,369
34,782
3,091
$37,873

174
22

17
213
53
266

$ 5,022
13,232

2,369
20,623
2,008
$22,631

161
1

14
176
27
203

$4,582
778

2,882
8,242
1,031
$9,273

(1) These charges are related to stores that were impaired for the first time in prior periods. Most
active stores, requiring an impairment charge, are fully impaired in the first period that they do
not meet their asset recoverability test. However, we do often make ongoing capital additions to
certain stores to improve their operating results or to meet geographical competition, which if later
are deemed to be unrecoverable, will be impaired in future periods. Of this total, 215, 173 and 160
stores for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively have been fully impaired. Also included in
these charges are an insignificant number of stores, which were only partially impaired in prior
years based on our analysis that supported a reduced net book value greater than zero, but now
require additional charges.

(2) These charges are related to new stores (open at least 3 years) and relocated stores (relocated in
the last 2 years) and significant strategic remodels (remodeled in the last year) that did not meet
their recoverability test during the current period. These stores have not met our original return on
investment projections and have a historical loss of at least 2 years. Their future cash flow
projections do not recover their current carrying value. Of this total, 23, 18 and 1 stores for fiscal
years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively have been fully impaired.

(3) These charges are related to the remaining active stores that did not meet the recoverability test
during the current period. These stores have a historical loss of at least 2 years. Their future cash
flow projections do not recover their current carrying value. Of this total, 58, 16 and 13 stores for
fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively have been fully impaired.
The primary drivers of our impairment charges are each store’s current and historical operating
performance and the assumptions that we make about each store’s operating performance in future
periods. Projected cash flows are updated based on the next year’s operating budget which includes the
qualitative factors noted above. We are unable to predict with any degree of certainty which individual
stores will fall short or exceed future operating plans. Accordingly, we are unable to describe future
trends that would affect our impairment charges, including the likely stores and their related asset
values that may fail their recoverability test in future periods.

To the extent that actual future cash flows may differ from our projections materially certain stores

that are either not impaired or partially impaired in the current period may be further impaired in
future periods. A 50 basis point decrease in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would
have resulted in an additional fiscal 2018 impairment charge of $1.9 million. A 50 basis point increase
in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have reduced the fiscal 2018 impairment
charge by $0.4 million. A 100 basis point decrease in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018
would have resulted in an additional fiscal 2018 impairment charge of $3.1 million. A 100 basis point

42

increase in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have reduced the fiscal 2018
impairment charge by $0.7 million.

During fiscal 2018, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $261.7 million ($191.0 million net

of the related income tax benefit) relating to our Pharmacy Services segment.

Lease Termination Charges: Charges to close a store, which principally consist of continuing lease
obligations, are recorded at the time the store is closed and all inventory is liquidated, pursuant to the
guidance set forth in ASC 420, ‘‘Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.’’ We calculate our liability for
closed stores on a store-by-store basis. The calculation includes the discounted effect of future
minimum lease payments and related ancillary costs, from the date of closure to the end of the
remaining lease term, net of estimated cost recoveries that may be achieved through subletting
properties or through favorable lease terminations. We evaluate these assumptions each quarter and
adjust the liability accordingly. As part of our ongoing business activities, we assess stores and
distribution centers for potential closure and relocation. Decisions to close or relocate stores or
distribution centers in future periods would result in lease termination charges for lease exit costs and
liquidation of inventory, as well as impairment of assets at these locations.

In fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, we recorded lease termination charges of $20.9 million, $23.1 million

and $31.2 million, respectively. These charges related to changes in future assumptions, interest
accretion and provisions for 11 stores in fiscal 2018, 17 stores in fiscal 2017 and 23 stores in fiscal 2016.
We have no plans to close a significant number of stores in future periods.

Interest Expense

In fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, interest expense was $202.8 million, $200.1 million and

$186.1 million, respectively. Interest expense for fiscal 2018 was flat to fiscal 2017. The increase in
interest expense in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 resulted from a full year of interest expense
related to our $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.125% senior secured notes due April 2023,
the proceeds of which were used to acquire EnvisionRxOptions.

The annual weighted average interest rates on our indebtedness in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 were

7.1%, 5.4% and 5.4%, respectively.

Income Taxes—Continuing Operations

Income tax expense of $305.9 million, $44.4 million and $49.5 million, has been recorded for fiscal
2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Net income for fiscal 2018 included a provision for income tax based
on an overall tax rate of (702.7)%. As a result of federal tax reform legislation enacted in the fourth
quarter of 2017, we have re-measured our deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the reduction in
the federal tax rate from 35% to 21%. This re-measurement caused a one-time increase in our
‘‘Provision for income taxes’’ line item on our consolidated statement of operations of $324.8 million or
(745.8)%. The new federal tax legislation contains a number of complex provisions, however, we expect
future earnings to be positively impacted largely due to the reduction of the federal corporate income
tax rate.

Net income for fiscal 2017 included a provision for income tax based on an overall tax rate of
91.6%. The Company’s effective tax rate is disproportionately high in fiscal 2017 from comparative
periods due to low income before taxes relative to items that impact the effective tax rate. Net income
for fiscal 2016 included a provision for income tax based on an overall tax rate of 32.7%.

We recognized tax expense of $749.7 million, $0.05 million and $63.4 million within Net loss

(income) from discontinued operations, net of tax, in the Statement of Operations in fiscal 2018, fiscal
2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively. Our effective income tax rate from discontinued operations included

43

adjustments to the valuation allowance of $(22.3) million, $0.01 million and $11.7 million for fiscal
2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively.

ASC 740, ‘‘Income Taxes’’ requires a company to evaluate its deferred tax assets on a regular basis

to determine if a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets is required. We take into
account all available positive and negative evidence with regard to the recognition of a deferred tax
asset including our past earnings history, expected future earnings, the character and jurisdiction of
such earnings, unsettled circumstances that, if unfavorably resolved, would adversely affect recognition
of a deferred tax asset, carryback and carryforward periods and tax planning strategies that could
potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. The ultimate realization of
deferred tax assets is dependent upon the existence of sufficient taxable income generated in the
carryforward periods. Accordingly, changes in the valuation allowance from period to period are
included in the tax provision in the period of change.

We maintained a valuation allowance of $896.8 million, $226.7 million and $212.0 million against

remaining net deferred tax assets at fiscal year-end 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Our ability to utilize the losses and credits to offset future taxable income may be deferred or

limited significantly if we were to experience an ‘‘ownership change’’ as defined in section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ‘‘Code’’). In general, an ownership change will occur
if there is a cumulative change in ownership of the Company’s stock by ‘‘5-percent shareholders’’ (as
defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. The Company
determined that no ownership change has occurred for purposes of Section 382 for the period ended
March 3, 2018. It is important to note, that the limitation that would be created upon an ownership
change would only apply to income earned after the event that caused the ownership change.

Dilutive Equity Issuances

On March 3, 2018, 1,067.3 million shares of common stock, which includes unvested restricted

shares, were outstanding and an additional 26.9 million shares of common stock were issuable related
to outstanding stock options.

On March 3, 2018, our 26.9 million shares of potentially issuable common stock consisted of the

following (shares in thousands):

Outstanding

Stock

Options(a)
440
17,851
4,119
—
—
—
208
1,905
2,352
26,875

Strike price
$0.99 and under . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$1.00 to $1.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$2.00 to $2.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$3.00 to $3.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$4.00 to $4.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$5.00 to $5.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$6.00 to $6.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$7.00 to $7.99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
$8.00 and over . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total issuable shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(a) The exercise of these options would provide cash of $69.1 million.

44

Segment Analysis

We evaluate the Retail Pharmacy and Pharmacy Services segments’ performance based on revenue,

gross profit, and Adjusted EBITDA. The following is a reconciliation of our segments to the
consolidated financial statements:

Retail

Pharmacy

Pharmacy
Services

Intersegment
Eliminations(1)

Consolidated

(Dollars in thousands)

March 3, 2018:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 4, 2017:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

February 27, 2016:

15,832,625
4,372,373
388,360

$5,896,669
407,732
171,534

$16,766,620
4,671,975
551,816

$6,393,884
392,732
188,235

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$16,820,388
4,761,153
747,910

$4,103,513
230,826
101,357

$(200,326)
—
—

$(232,964)
—
—

$(153,664)
—
—

$21,528,968
4,780,105
559,894

$22,927,540
5,064,707
740,051

$20,770,237
4,991,979
849,267

(1) Intersegment eliminations include intersegment revenues and corresponding cost of revenues that

occur when Pharmacy Services segment customers use Retail Pharmacy segment stores to purchase
covered products. When this occurs, both the Retail Pharmacy and Pharmacy Services segments
record the revenue on a stand-alone basis.

(*) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ for additional details.

45

Retail Pharmacy Segment Results of Continuing Operations

Revenues and Other Operating Data

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Same store sales (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pharmacy sales (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Same store prescription count (decline) growth, adjusted

to 30-day equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Same store pharmacy sales (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . .
Pharmacy sales as a % of total retail sales . . . . . . . . . . . .
Front-end sales (decline) growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Same store front-end sales growth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Front-end sales as a % of total retail sales . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Store data (Total):

Total stores (beginning of period) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New stores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Store acquisitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Closed stores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stores (end of period) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Relocated stores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remodeled and expanded stores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(Dollars in thousands)

$15,832,625

(5.6)%
(2.9)%
(6.7)%

$16,766,620

(0.3)%
(0.8)%
(1.6)%

$16,820,388

1.6%
1.7%
2.3%

(1.8)%
(3.9)%
65.9%
(3.4)%
(0.8)%
34.1%

388,360

$

0.6%
(1.9)%
66.7%
2.2%
1.6%
33.3%

551,816

$

2.2%
2.4%
67.5%
0.1%
0.3%
32.5%

747,910

$

2,604
3
—
(57)
2,550
20
179

2,632
10
2
(40)
2,604
12
176

2,645
4
3
(20)
2,632
15
271

(*) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ for additional details.

Revenues

Fiscal 2018 compared to Fiscal 2017: The 5.6% decrease in revenue was primarily the result of

revenues of approximately $312.2 million relating to the extra week in fiscal 2017 and a decline in same
store sales. Same store sales trends for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 are described in the following
paragraphs. We include in same store sales all stores that have been open at least one year. Stores in
liquidation are considered closed. Relocation stores are not included in same store sales until one year
has lapsed.

Pharmacy same store sales decreased 3.9%. Pharmacy same store sales were negatively impacted

by continued reimbursement rate pressures and the continued impact of increases in the mix of generic
drugs dispensed and a 1.8% reduction in same store prescription count. Pharmacy same store sales
were also negatively impacted by the exclusion from certain narrow networks that we participated in
the prior year.

Front end same store sales decreased 0.8%. The decrease in same store front end sales was

impacted by the competitive promotional environment, partially offset by incremental sales from our
1,649 Wellness format stores.

Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016: The 0.3% decrease in revenue was due primarily to a

decrease in pharmacy same store sales, partially offset by the extra week in fiscal 2017.

46

Pharmacy same store sales decreased 1.9%. Pharmacy same store sales were negatively impacted

by continued reimbursement rate pressures and the continued impact of increases in generic drugs,
which have a substantially lower selling price than their brand counterparts but higher gross profit.

Front end same store sales increased 1.6%. The increase in same store front end sales was

impacted by incremental sales from our 1,537 Wellness format stores, and other management initiatives
to increase front end sales.

Costs and Expenses

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

Costs of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
FIFO gross profit(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
FIFO gross margin(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a

percentage of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$11,460,252
4,372,373

$12,094,645
4,671,975

$12,059,235
4,761,153

4,343,546

4,668,254

4,769,045

27.6%

27.4%

27.9%

27.8%

28.3%

28.4%

$ 4,328,567

$ 4,483,496

$ 4,392,523

27.3%

26.7%

26.1%

(*) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ for additional details.

Gross Profit and Cost of Revenues

Gross profit decreased by $299.6 million in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. The decrease in

gross profit is due to lower pharmacy gross profit driven by reductions in reimbursement rates that we
could not offset through generic purchasing efficiencies and a decrease in prescription count.
Additionally, gross profit was lower by approximately $82.8 million due to the extra week in fiscal 2017.

Overall gross margin was 27.6% for fiscal 2018 compared to 27.9% in fiscal 2017. Gross margin

was lower due primarily to continued pharmacy reimbursement rate pressures that we could not offset
through generic purchasing efficiencies, partially offset by a higher LIFO credit as compared to the
prior year.

Gross profit decreased by $89.2 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The decrease in

gross profit is due to lower pharmacy gross profit driven by reductions in reimbursement rates that we
could not offset through generic purchasing efficiencies, partially offset by the extra week in fiscal 2017.
Overall gross margin was 27.9% for fiscal 2017 compared to 28.3% in fiscal 2016. Gross margin was
lower due primarily to continued pharmacy reimbursement rate pressures that we could not offset
through generic purchasing efficiencies, partially offset by a LIFO credit as compared to a LIFO charge
in fiscal 2016.

We use the last-in, first-out (‘‘LIFO’’) method of inventory valuation, which is determined annually

when inflation rates and inventory levels are finalized. Therefore, LIFO costs for interim period
financial statements are estimated. The LIFO credit for fiscal 2018 was $28.8 million compared to a
LIFO credit of $3.7 million in fiscal 2017 and a LIFO charge of $7.9 million in fiscal 2016. The LIFO
credit for fiscal 2018 as compared to the prior year is due primarily to lower brand drug inflation and
deflation in generic prescription drug costs.

47

During fiscal 2016, we experienced lower deflation on pharmacy generics, which contributed to a

LIFO charge of $7.9 million.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 27.3% in fiscal 2018 compared to 26.7% in fiscal 2017, and
decreased $154.9 million. The increase in SG&A as a percentage of revenues resulted mostly from the
inability to leverage our fixed costs due to our revenue decrease. The decrease in SG&A dollars for
fiscal 2018 was primarily due to $75.1 million of SG&A expense relating from the extra week in fiscal
2017 and expense efficiency initiatives that resulted in reduced payroll and operating expenses.

SG&A as a percentage of revenue was 26.7% in fiscal 2017 compared to 26.1% in fiscal 2016, an
increase of $91.0 million. The increase in SG&A for fiscal 2017 was a result of the extra week in fiscal
2017 and declining Retail Pharmacy segment sales leverage.

Pharmacy Services Segment Results of Operations

Acquisition of EnvisionRx
On June 24, 2015, we completed our acquisition of EnvisionRx, pursuant to the terms of the

agreement (‘‘Agreement’’) dated February 10, 2015. EnvisionRx, our Pharmacy Services segment, is a
full-service pharmacy benefit provider. EnvisionRx provides both transparent and traditional PBM
options through its EnvisionRx and MedTrak PBMs. EnvisionRx also offers fully integrated mail-order
and specialty pharmacy services through EnvisionPharmacies; access to the nation’s largest cash pay
infertility discount drug program via Design Rx; an innovative claims adjudication software platform in
Laker Software; and a national Medicare Part D prescription drug plan through EIC’s EnvisionRx Plus
Silver product for the low income auto-assign market and its Clear Choice product for the chooser
market. EnvisionRx operates as our 100 percent owned subsidiary. The acquisition of EnvisionRx
enabled us to expand our retail healthcare platform and enhance our health and wellness offerings by
combining EnvisionRx’s broad suite of PBM and pharmacy-related businesses with our established
retail platform to provide our customers and patients with an integrated offering across retail, specialty
and mail-order channels.

Revenues and Other Operating Data

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

(Dollars and plan members in thousands)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revenue (decline) growth(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(*) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,896,669

(7.8)%

$ 171,534

$6,393,884
N/A
$ 188,235

$4,103,513
N/A
$ 101,357

(*) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ for additional details.

(1) The fifty-three week period ended March 4, 2017 and the fifty-two week period ended

February 27, 2016 amounts are labeled N/A as we do not have a full comparable period.

Revenues
Pharmacy Services segment revenue was $5,896.7 million, $6,393.9 million, and $4,103.5 million,

respectively, for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016. The decrease in the current year revenue for the segment
is due to the change in the composition of our Medicare Part D membership and a decline in

48

commercial business. The increase in the fiscal 2017 revenue for the segment is primarily due to a full
year of Pharmacy Services segment operations being included in fiscal 2017 as compared to a partial
year in fiscal 2016. In addition, revenues for fiscal 2017 were positively impacted by revenue growth at
EnvisionPharmacies and DesignRx.

Costs and Expenses

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross margin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage

of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$5,488,937
407,732

$6,001,152
392,732

$3,872,687
230,826

6.9%

6.1%

5.6%

$ 322,695

$ 293,499

$ 188,648

5.5%

4.6%

4.6%

Gross Profit and Cost of Revenues
Gross profit increased by $15.0 million in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. The increase in the

gross profit for the segment is due primarily to improved customer mix. Gross margin was 6.9% of
sales for fiscal 2018 compared to 6.1% of sales for fiscal 2017. The increase in the gross margin for the
segment is due primarily to improved customer mix.

Gross profit increased $161.9 million in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The increase in the
fiscal 2017 gross profit for the segment is primarily due to a full year of Pharmacy Services segment
operating results being included in the current year as compared to a partial year in the prior year. In
addition, gross profit for fiscal 2017 was positively impacted by customer additions and growth at
EnvisionPharmacies and DesignRx. Gross margin was 6.1% of sales for fiscal 2017 compared to 5.6%
of sales for fiscal 2016.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Pharmacy Services segment selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2018 was

$322.7 million or 5.5% of revenues as compared to $293.5 million or 4.6% of revenues for fiscal 2017.
The increase in fiscal 2018 selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily the result of
increased headcount to support business infrastructure and our growing chooser Medicare Part D
business.

Pharmacy Services segment selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2017 was

$293.5 million or 4.6% of revenues as compared to $188.6 million or 4.6% of revenues for fiscal 2016.
The increase in the selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2017 is primarily the result of
a full period of operating results in fiscal 2017 as compared to a partial period of operating results in
fiscal 2016, as well as from additional costs to service new Pharmacy Services customers.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

General

We have disclosed debt and interest expense on a continuing operations and discontinued
operations basis on our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations.
However, the following discussion regarding liquidity and capital resources is at the total enterprise
level, as we are contractually obligated for the payment of all outstanding debt instruments and related

49

interest under our various indentures, including borrowings under the Amended and Restated Senior
Secured Credit Facility.

We have two primary sources of liquidity: (i) cash provided by operating activities and

(ii) borrowings under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility. Our principal uses of
cash are to provide working capital for operations, to service our obligations to pay interest and
principal on debt and to fund capital expenditures. Total liquidity as of March 3, 2018 was
$3,279.0 million, which consisted of revolver borrowing capacity of $2,942.0 million and invested cash of
$337.0 million.

Credit Facilities

Our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility has a borrowing capacity of $3.0 billion
and matures in January 2020. Borrowings under the revolver bear interest at a rate per annum between
(i) LIBOR plus 1.50% and LIBOR plus 2.00% with respect to Eurodollar borrowings and (ii) the
alternate base rate plus 0.50% and the alternate base rate plus 1.00% with respect to ABR borrowings,
in each case, based upon the Average Revolver Availability (as defined in the Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Credit Facility). We are required to pay fees between 0.250% and 0.375% per annum
on the daily unused amount of the revolver, depending on the Average Revolver Availability (as
defined in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility). Amounts drawn under the
revolver become due and payable on January 13, 2020.

Our ability to borrow under the revolver is based upon a specified borrowing base consisting of

accounts receivable, inventory and prescription files. At March 3, 2018, we had $0.0 million of
borrowings outstanding under the revolver and had letters of credit outstanding against the revolver of
$58.0 million, which resulted in additional borrowing capacity of $2,942.0 million. If at any time the
total credit exposure outstanding under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and
the principal amount of our other senior obligations exceeds the borrowing base, we will be required to
make certain other mandatory prepayments to eliminate such shortfall.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility restricts us and all of our subsidiaries

that guarantee our obligations under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility,
secured guaranteed notes and unsecured guaranteed notes (the ‘‘Subsidiary Guarantors’’) from
accumulating cash on hand in excess of $200.0 million at any time when revolving loans are outstanding
(not including cash located in our store and lockbox deposit accounts and cash necessary to cover our
current liabilities) and from accumulating cash on hand with revolver borrowings in excess of
$100.0 million over three consecutive business days. The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility also states that if at any time (other than following the exercise of remedies or acceleration of
any senior obligations or second priority debt and receipt of a triggering notice by the senior collateral
agent from a representative of the senior obligations or the second priority debt) either (a) an event of
default exists under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility or (b) the sum of
revolver availability under our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and certain
amounts held on deposit with the senior collateral agent in a concentration account is less than
$275.0 million for three consecutive business days or less than or equal to $200.0 million on any day (a
‘‘cash sweep period’’), the funds in our deposit accounts will be swept to a concentration account with
the senior collateral agent and will be applied first to repay outstanding revolving loans under the
Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility, and then held as collateral for the senior
obligations until such cash sweep period is rescinded pursuant to the terms of our Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility.

50

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility allows us to have outstanding, at any
time, up to $1.5 billion in secured second priority debt, split-priority term loan debt, unsecured debt
and disqualified preferred stock in addition to borrowings under the Amended and Restated Senior
Secured Credit Facility and existing indebtedness, provided that not in excess of $750.0 million of such
secured second priority debt, split-priority term loan debt, unsecured debt and disqualified preferred
stock shall mature or require scheduled payments of principal prior to 90 days after the latest of
(a) the fifth anniversary of the effectiveness of the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility and (b) the latest maturity date of any Term Loan or Other Revolving Loan (each as defined in
the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility) (excluding bridge facilities allowing
extensions on customary terms to at least the date that is 90 days after such date and, with respect to
any escrow notes issued by Rite Aid, excluding any special mandatory redemption of the type described
in clause (iii) of the definition of ‘‘Escrow Notes’’ in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility). Subject to the limitations described in clauses (a) and (b) of the immediately preceding
sentence, the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility additionally allows us to issue or
incur an unlimited amount of unsecured debt and disqualified preferred stock so long as a Financial
Covenant Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility) is not in effect; provided, however, that certain of our other outstanding indebtedness limits
the amount of unsecured debt that can be incurred if certain interest coverage levels are not met at the
time of incurrence or other exemptions are not available. The Amended and Restated Senior Secured
Credit Facility also contains certain restrictions on the amount of secured first priority debt we are able
to incur. The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility also allows for the voluntary
repurchase of any debt or other convertible debt, so long as the Amended and Restated Senior Secured
Credit Facility is not in default and we maintain availability under our revolver of more than
$365.0 million.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility has a financial covenant that requires

us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.00 to 1.00 (a) on any date on which
availability under the revolver is less than $200.0 million or (b) on the third consecutive business day
on which availability under the revolver is less than $250.0 million and, in each case, ending on and
excluding the first day thereafter, if any, which is the 30th consecutive calendar day on which
availability under the revolver is equal to or greater than $250.0 million. As of March 3, 2018, we had
availability under our revolver of $2,942.0 million, our fixed charge coverage ratio was greater than 1.00
to 1.00, and we were in compliance with the senior secured credit facility’s financial covenant. The
Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility also contains covenants which place restrictions
on the incurrence of debt, the payments of dividends, sale of assets, mergers and acquisitions and the
granting of liens.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility provides for customary events of

default including nonpayment, misrepresentation, breach of covenants and bankruptcy. It is also an
event of default if we fail to make any required payment on debt having a principal amount in excess
of $50.0 million or any event occurs that enables, or which with the giving of notice or the lapse of
time would enable, the holder of such debt to accelerate the maturity or require the repayment
repurchase, redemption or defeasance of such debt.

The indentures that govern our secured and guaranteed unsecured notes contain restrictions on

the amount of additional secured and unsecured debt that can be incurred by us. As of March 3, 2018,
the amount of additional secured debt that could be incurred under the most restrictive covenant of the
second priority secured term loan facilities and these indentures was approximately $3.4 billion (which
amount does not include the ability to enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions). Assuming a
fully drawn revolver and the outstanding letters of credit, we could incur an additional $350.0 million in
secured debt. The ability to issue additional unsecured debt under these indentures is generally

51

governed by an interest coverage ratio test. As of March 3, 2018, we had the ability to issue additional
unsecured debt under the indentures.

2018 Transactions

During fiscal 2018, we did not have any debt transactions related to continuing operations.
During January 2018, we used proceeds from the Sale to repay and retire all of our outstanding
second lien $470.0 million tranche 1 term loan and $500.0 million tranche 2 term loan principal (the
‘‘Second Lien Term Loan Prepayment’’). During February 2018, we reduced the borrowing capacity on
our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility from $3.7 billion to $3.0 billion. In
connection with the transactions, we recorded a loss on debt retirement of $8.2 million, which included
interest and unamortized debt issuance costs. The debt repayment and related loss on debt retirement
is included in the results of operations and cash flows of discontinued operations.

On February 27, 2018, we announced that we had commenced an offer to purchase up to

$900.0 million of the outstanding 9.25% senior notes due 2020 (the ‘‘9.25% Notes’’), the 6.75% senior
notes due 2021 (the ‘‘6.75% Notes’’) and the 6.125% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ‘‘6.125% Notes’’),
pursuant to the asset sale provisions of the indentures of such notes. On March 29, 2018, we accepted
for payment, pursuant to our offer to purchase, $3.5 million principal amount of the 9.25% Notes,
representing 0.38% of the outstanding principal amount of the 9.25% Notes, $3.5 million principal
amount of the 6.75% Notes, representing 0.43% of the outstanding principal amount of the 6.75%
Notes, and $41.8 million principal amount of the 6.125% Notes, representing 2.32% of the outstanding
principal amount of the 6.125% Notes.

On March 13, 2018, we issued a notice of redemption for all of the 9.25%. Notes that were

outstanding on April 12, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the indenture of the 9.25% Notes. On April 12,
2018, we redeemed 100% of the remaining outstanding 9.25% Notes.

On April 19, 2018, we announced that we had commenced an offer to purchase up to

$700.0 million of the outstanding 6.75% Notes and the 6.125% Notes pursuant to the terms of such
indentures. Such offer to purchase will expire at 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on May 21, 2018, unless
extended or earlier terminated.

2016 Transactions

On April 2, 2015, we issued $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of our 6.125% Notes to

finance the majority of the cash portion of our acquisition of EnvisionRx, which closed on June 24,
2015. Our obligations under the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on
an unsubordinated basis, by all of our subsidiaries that guarantee our obligations under the Amended
and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility, the 9.25% Notes and the 6.75% Notes (the ‘‘Rite Aid
Subsidiary Guarantors’’), including EnvisionRx and certain of its domestic subsidiaries other than EIC
(the ‘‘EnvisionRx Subsidiary Guarantors’’ and, together with the Rite Aid Subsidiary Guarantors, the
‘‘Subsidiary Guarantors’’). The guarantees are unsecured. The 6.125% Notes are unsecured,
unsubordinated obligations of Rite Aid Corporation and rank equally in right of payment with all of
our other unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness.

During May 2015, $64.1 million of our 8.5% convertible notes due 2015 were converted into

24.8 million shares of common stock, pursuant to their terms. The remaining $0.1 million of our 8.5%
convertible notes due 2015 were repaid by us upon maturity.

On August 15, 2015, we completed the redemption of all of our outstanding $650.0 million

aggregate principal amount of our 8.00% Notes. In connection with the redemption, we recorded a loss
on debt retirement, including call premium and unamortized debt issue costs of $33.2 million during
the second quarter of fiscal 2016.

52

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of March 3, 2018, we had no material off balance sheet arrangements, other than operating

leases as included in the table below.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

The following table details the maturities of our indebtedness and lease financing obligations as of

March 3, 2018, as well as other contractual cash obligations and commitments.

Contractual Cash Obligations
Long term debt(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital lease obligations(2) . . . . . . . .
Operating leases(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Open purchase orders . . . . . . . . . . .
Other, primarily self insurance and

retirement plan obligations(4) . . . .
Minimum purchase commitments(5) .
Total contractual cash obligations .

Commitments
Lease guarantees(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease guarantees(7) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding letters of credit . . . . . . .
Total commitments . . . . . . . . . . . .

Payment due by period

Less Than 1

Year

1 to 3 Years

3 to 5 Years

After 5 Years

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

$ 279,965
24,571
674,739
108,165

$1,420,033
14,374
1,138,200
—

$1,120,868
8,634
869,448
—

$2,385,035
21,992
1,782,987
—

$ 5,205,901
69,571
4,465,374
108,165

86,265
127,950
$1,301,655

78,729
202,229
$2,853,565

21,401
54,719
$2,075,070

63,568
—
$4,253,582

249,963
384,898
$10,483,872

$

13,886
379,404
53,349
$1,748,294

$

13,325
872,354
4,694
$3,743,938

$

1,329
536,632
—
$2,613,031

$

— $

495,634
—
$4,749,216

28,540
2,284,024
58,043
$12,854,479

(1) Includes principal and interest payments for all outstanding debt instruments. Interest was

calculated on variable rate instruments using rates as of March 3, 2018.

(2) Represents the minimum lease payments on non-cancelable leases, including interest, net of

sublease income on a continuing operations basis as the minimum lease payments on
non-cancelable leases, including interest, net of sublease income is being assumed by WBA as part
of the Divestiture.

(3) Represents the minimum lease payments on non-cancelable leases, including interest, net of

sublease income on a continuing operations basis as the minimum lease payments on
non-cancelable leases, including interest, net of sublease income is being assumed by WBA as part
of the Divestiture.

(4) Includes the undiscounted payments for self-insured medical coverage, actuarially determined

undiscounted payments for self-insured workers’ compensation and general liability, and actuarially
determined obligations for defined benefit pension and nonqualified executive retirement plans.

(5) Represents commitments to purchase products and licensing fees from certain vendors.
(6) Represents lease guarantee obligations for 56 former stores related to certain business dispositions.

The respective purchasers assume the obligations and are, therefore, primarily liable for these
obligations.

(7) Represents lease guarantee obligations for 1,886 former stores related to the Asset Sale. WBA

assumed the obligations and are, therefore, primarily liable for these obligations.

53

Obligations for income tax uncertainties pursuant to ASC 740, ‘‘Income Taxes’’ of approximately
$31.4 million are not included in the table above as we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts
may be settled.

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating, Investing and Financing Activities from Continuing Operations

Cash flow provided by operating activities was $511.5 million in fiscal 2018. Operating cash flow
was positively impacted by the $325.0 million WBA merger termination fee, the change in deferred
taxes, and an increase in accounts payable. Accounts payable increased due to the timing of inventory
purchases at our Retail Pharmacy segment in connection with servicing the stores sold to WBA under
the TSA, and increased amounts payable to our pharmacy network in our Pharmacy Services segment.
These positive working capital changes were partially offset by increases in accounts receivable, mostly
driven by amounts due from WBA for servicing the stores under the TSA, a slight increase in inventory
and other assets and liabilities. Cash provided by other assets and liabilities resulted primarily from
increases in accrued expenses at our Pharmacy Services segment.

Cash flow provided by operating activities was $183.0 million in fiscal 2017. Cash flow was

negatively impacted by cash used by other assets and liabilities, which relates primarily to increased
prepaid rent and decreases in various accrued liabilities, cash used by accounts receivable, which relates
primarily to our Pharmacy Services segment accounts receivable growth, and cash used by inventory,
which relates primarily to increasing store pharmacy inventory following a period of inventory
reductions.

Cash flow provided by operating activities was $710.3 million in fiscal 2016. Cash flow was
positively impacted by net income and a decrease in inventory. The cash provided by accounts
receivable and used by other assets and liabilities, relate primarily to the receipt of amounts due from
CMS and the corresponding payment of amounts due under certain reinsurance contracts, as well as
residual amounts due to TPG under the Acquisition agreement, which relate to the December 31, 2014
CMS plan year.

Cash used in investing activities was $182.9 million in fiscal 2018. Cash used for the purchase of

property, plant, and equipment was lower than in the prior year primarily due to fewer Wellness store
remodels in the current year.

Cash used in investing activities was $276.9 million in fiscal 2017. Cash used in investing activities

decreased as compared to fiscal 2016 due to expenditures of $1,778.4 million, net of cash acquired,
related to the acquisition of EnvisionRx in the prior year. Cash used for the purchase of property,
plant, and equipment was also lower than in fiscal 2016 due to fewer Wellness store remodels in the
current year.

Cash used in investing activities was $2,222.7 million in fiscal 2016. Cash used in investing activities

increased due to expenditures of $1,778.4 million, net of cash acquired, related to the acquisition of
EnvisionRx compared to the fiscal 2015 expenditures of $37.2 million, net of cash acquired, related to
the acquisitions of Health Dialog and RediClinic in April 2014. Cash used for the purchase of property,
plant, and equipment was higher than in fiscal 2015 due to a higher investment in Wellness store
remodels.

Cash used in financing activities was $237.6 million in fiscal 2018, which reflects net payments on

the revolver and scheduled payments on our long-term debt and capital leases. Cash provided by
financing activities also reflects an increase in our zero balance bank accounts and proceeds from the
issuance of common stock.

Cash provided by financing activities was $357.7 million in fiscal 2017, which reflects net proceeds

from the revolver of $330.0 million. Cash provided by financing activities also reflects an increase in

54

our zero balance bank accounts and proceeds from the issuance of common stock, partially offset by
scheduled payments on our capital lease obligations.

Cash provided by financing activities was $1,400.7 million in fiscal 2016, which reflects $1.8 billion
in proceeds from our 6.125% Notes, which was used to finance the majority of the cash portion of our
acquisition of EnvisionRx, which is included in investing activities, as well as net proceeds from the
revolver of $375.0 million. We also redeemed $650.0 million of our 8.00% Notes. Additionally, we paid
an early redemption premium of $26.0 million in connection with the redemption of our 8.00% Notes
and deferred financing costs paid in connection with the January 2015 senior secured credit facility
refinancing and 6.125% Notes proceeds. Cash provided by financing activities also reflects proceeds
from the issuance of common stock and excess tax benefit on stock options, partially offset by
scheduled payments on our capital lease obligations and a reduction in our zero balance bank accounts.

Capital Expenditures

During the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 capital

expenditures were as follows:

New store construction, store relocation and store
remodel projects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Technology enhancements, improvements to

distribution centers and other corporate
requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Purchase of prescription files from other retail

pharmacies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

$ 86,839

$122,760

$236,672

99,040

131,389

154,527

28,885
$214,764

39,648
$293,797

89,874
$481,073

Future Liquidity

We are highly leveraged. Our high level of indebtedness could: (i) limit our ability to obtain

additional financing; (ii) limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
the industry; (iii) place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less debt;
(iv) render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and (v) require us
to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt. Based upon our current levels of
operations, we believe that cash flow from operations together with available borrowings under the
revolver and other sources of liquidity will be adequate to meet our requirements for working capital,
debt service and capital expenditures at least for the next twelve months. Based on our liquidity
position, which we expect to remain strong throughout the year, we do not expect to be subject to the
fixed charge covenant in our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility in the next twelve
months. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity
in light of our operating performance, and other relevant circumstances. From time to time, we may
seek additional deleveraging transactions, including entering into transactions to exchange debt for
shares of common stock, issuance of equity (including preferred stock and convertible securities),
repurchase or redemption of outstanding indebtedness, or seek to refinance our outstanding debt
(including our Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility) or may otherwise seek
transactions to reduce interest expense and extend debt maturities. Any of these transactions could
impact our financial results.

55

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our

consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis,
we evaluate our estimates, including those related to inventory shrink, goodwill impairment, impairment
of long-lived assets, revenue recognition, vendor discounts and purchase discounts, self insurance
liabilities, lease exit liabilities, income taxes and litigation. Additionally, we have critical accounting
policies regarding revenue recognition and vendor allowances and purchase discounts for our Pharmacy
Services segment. We base our estimates on historical experience, current and anticipated business
conditions, the condition of the financial markets and various other assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable under existing conditions. Variability reflected in the sensitivity analyses presented below is
based on our recent historical experience. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates and
sensitivity analyses.

The following critical accounting policies require the use of significant judgments and estimates by

management:

Inventory shrink: The carrying value of our inventory is reduced by a reserve for estimated shrink
losses that occur between physical inventory dates. When estimating these losses, we consider historical
loss results at specific locations, as well as overall loss trends as determined during physical inventory
procedures. The estimated shrink rate is calculated by dividing historical shrink results for stores
inventoried in the most recent six months by the sales for the same period. Shrink expense is
recognized by applying the estimated shrink rate to sales since the last physical inventory. There have
been no significant changes in the assumptions used to calculate our shrink rate over the last three
years. Although possible, we do not expect a significant change to our shrink rate in future periods. A
10 basis point difference in our estimated shrink rate for the year ended March 3, 2018, would have
affected pre-tax income by approximately $5.9 million.

Goodwill Impairment: Our policy is to perform an impairment test of goodwill at least annually,

and more frequently if events or circumstances occurred that would indicate a reduced fair value in our
reporting units could exist. Typically, we perform a qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of the
fiscal year to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying value. However, as part of this qualitative assessment, we do perform a quantitative
assessment at least once every three years to re-establish a baseline fair value that can be used in our
current and future qualitative assessments. During our qualitative assessment we make significant
estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including, but not limited to, the overall economy, industry and
market conditions, financial performance of the Company, changes in our share price, and forecasts of
revenue, profit, working capital requirements, and cash flows. We consider each reporting unit’s
historical results and operating trends when determining these assumptions; however, our estimates and
projections can be affected by a number of factors and it is possible that actual results could differ
from the assumptions used in our impairment assessment. If we determine that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, we
perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Fair value estimates used in the quantitative
impairment test are calculated using an average of the income and market approaches. The income
approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit, while the market
approach is based on certain multiples of selected guideline public companies or selected guideline
transactions. The approaches incorporate a number of market participant assumptions including future
growth rates, discount rates, income tax rates and market activity in assessing fair value and are
reporting unit specific. If the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, we recognize an
impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value.

56

In addition, we consider the income tax effect of any tax deductible goodwill when measuring a
goodwill impairment loss.

Impairment of long-lived assets: We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that an asset group has a carrying value that may not be recoverable.
The individual operating store is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. As such, we
evaluate individual stores for recoverability. To determine if a store needs to be tested for
recoverability, we consider items such as decreases in market prices, changes in the manner in which
the store is being used or physical condition, changes in legal factors or business climate, an
accumulation of losses significantly in excess of budget, a current period operating or cash flow loss
combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection of continuing losses, or an
expectation that the store will be closed or sold.

We monitor new and recently relocated stores against operational projections and other strategic
factors such as regional economics, new competitive entries and other local market considerations to
determine if an impairment evaluation is required. For other stores, we perform a recoverability
analysis if they have experienced current-period and historical cash flow losses.

In performing the recoverability test, we compare the expected future cash flows of a store to the

carrying amount of its assets. Significant judgment is used to estimate future cash flows. Major
assumptions that contribute to our future cash flow projections include: expected sales and gross profit,
pharmacy reimbursement rates, expected costs such as payroll, and estimates for other significant
selling, general and administrative expenses.

If an operating store’s estimated future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to cover its

carrying value, its carrying value is reduced to fair value which is its estimated future discounted cash
flows. The discount rate is commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of a similar asset.

We regularly approve certain stores for closure. Impairment charges for closed stores, if any, are

evaluated and recorded in the quarter the closure decision is approved.

We also evaluate assets to be disposed of on a quarterly basis to determine if an additional

impairment charge is required. Fair value estimates are provided by independent brokers who operate
in the local markets where the assets are located.

If our actual future cash flows differ from our projections materially, certain stores that are either
not impaired or partially impaired in the current period may be further impaired in future periods. A
50 basis point decrease in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have resulted in an
additional fiscal 2018 impairment charge of $1.9 million. A 50 basis point increase in our future sales
assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have reduced the fiscal 2018 impairment charge by $0.4 million.
A 100 basis point decrease in our future sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have resulted in
an additional fiscal 2018 impairment charge of $3.1 million. A 100 basis point increase in our future
sales assumptions as of March 3, 2018 would have reduced the fiscal 2018 impairment charge by
$0.7 million.

Revenue recognition for our loyalty program: We offer a chain-wide customer loyalty program,
‘‘wellness+ Rewards’’. Members participating in our wellness+ Rewards loyalty card program earn
points on a calendar year basis for eligible front end merchandise purchases and qualifying
prescriptions. One point is awarded for each dollar spent towards front end merchandise and 25 points
are awarded for each qualifying prescription.

Members reach specific wellness+ Rewards tiers based on the points accumulated during the

calendar year, which entitle them to certain future discounts and other benefits upon reaching that tier.
For example, any customer that reaches 1,000 points in a calendar year achieves the ‘‘Gold’’ tier,
enabling the customer to receive a 20% discount on qualifying purchases of front end merchandise for

57

the remaining portion of the calendar year and the next calendar year. There is also a similar ‘‘Silver’’
level with a lower threshold and benefit level.

As wellness+ Rewards customers accumulate points, we defer the value of the points earned as

deferred revenue based on the expected usage. The amount deferred is based on historic and projected
customer activity (e.g., tier level, spending level). As customers receive discounted front end
merchandise, we recognize an allocable portion of the deferred revenue. If the achieved combined
Gold and Silver levels differ from the assumptions by 5.0% it would have affected pretax income by
$0.9 million. If the assumed spending levels, which are the drivers of future discounts, differ by 5.0% it
would have affected pretax income by $0.9 million.

The Rite Aid wellness+ Rewards program allows a customer to earn Bonus Cash based on

qualifying purchases. wellness+ Rewards members have the opportunity to redeem their accumulated
Bonus Cash on a future purchase with a 60 day expiration window. All Bonus Cash is redeemed using
a FIFO methodology (e.g., first Bonus Cash earned are the first to be redeemed).

For a majority of the Bonus Cash issuances, funding is provided by our vendors through

contractual arrangements. This funding is treated as deferred revenue and remains in deferred revenue
until a wellness+ Rewards member redeems their Bonus Cash. Upon redemption, the deferred revenue
account is decremented with an offsetting credit to sales. For Bonus cash redemptions that are not
vendor funded, deferred revenue is recorded and not recognized until Bonus Cash is redeemed.

Self-insurance liabilities: We expense claims for self-insured workers’ compensation and general

liability insurance coverage as incurred including an estimate for claims incurred but not paid. The
expense for self-insured workers’ compensation and general liability claims incurred but not paid is
determined using several factors, including historical claims experience and development, severity of
claims, medical costs and the time needed to settle claims. We discount the estimated expense for
workers’ compensation to present value as the time period from incurrence of the claim to final
settlement can be several years. We base our estimates for such timing on previous settlement activity.
The discount rate is based on the current market rates for Treasury bills that approximate the average
time to settle the workers’ compensation claims. These assumptions are updated on an annual basis. A
40 basis point difference in the discount rate for the year ended March 3, 2018, would have affected
pretax income by approximately $3.1 million.

Lease termination charges: We record reserves for closed stores based on future lease

commitments, anticipated ancillary occupancy costs and anticipated future subleases of properties. The
reserves are calculated at the individual location level and the assumptions are assessed at that level.
The reserve for lease exit liabilities is discounted using a credit adjusted risk free interest rate. Reserve
estimates and related assumptions are updated on a quarterly basis.

Changes in the real estate leasing markets can have an impact on the closed store reserve.
Additionally, some of our closed stores were closed prior to our adoption of ASC 420, ‘‘Exit or
Disposal Cost Obligations.’’ Therefore, if interest rates change, reserves may be increased or decreased.
As of March 3, 2018, a 50 basis point variance in the credit adjusted risk free interest rate would have
affected pretax income by approximately $0.4 million for fiscal 2018.

Income taxes: We currently have net operating loss (‘‘NOL’’) carryforwards that can be utilized to

offset future income for federal and state tax purposes. These NOLs generate significant deferred tax
assets. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the
loss carryforwards.

The Company’s ability to utilize the losses and credits to offset future taxable income may be

deferred or limited significantly if the Company were to experience an ‘‘ownership change’’ as defined
in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ‘‘Code’’). In general, an

58

ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in ownership of the Company’s stock by
‘‘5-percent shareholders’’ (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling
three-year period. The Company determined that no ownership change has occurred for purposes of
Section 382 for the period ended March 3, 2018. It is important to note that the limitation that would
be created upon an ownership change would only apply to income earned after the event that caused
the ownership change.

We regularly review the deferred tax assets for recoverability considering the relative impact of

negative and positive evidence including our historical profitability, projected taxable income, the
expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The
weight given to the potential effect of the negative and positive evidence is commensurate with the
extent to which it can be objectively verified. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results
provide, we consider three years of cumulative pretax book income (loss).

We establish a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when we determine that it is more
likely than not that some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. There have been no
significant changes in the assumptions used to calculate our valuation allowance over the last three
years.

On an ongoing basis, we will continue to monitor our deferred tax assets to ensure their utilization
prior to their expiration. If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the
future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance, which would impact the provision for income taxes.

We recognize tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, ‘‘Income Taxes’’ and we adjust these

liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously
available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a
payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities.

Litigation reserves: We are involved in litigation on an on-going basis. We accrue our best estimate

of the probable loss related to legal claims. Such estimates are based upon a combination of litigation
and settlement strategies. These estimates are updated as the facts and circumstances of the cases
develop and/or change. To the extent additional information arises or our strategies change, it is
possible that our best estimate of the probable liability may also change. Changes to these reserves
during the last three fiscal years were not material.

Revenue recognition for our Pharmacy Services segment: Our Pharmacy Services segment sells

prescription drugs indirectly through our retail pharmacy network and directly through our mail service
dispensing pharmacy. We recognize revenues in our Pharmacy Services segment from (i) our mail
service dispensing pharmacy and (ii) prescription drugs sold under retail pharmacy network contracts
where we are the principal using the gross method at the contract prices negotiated with our clients,
primarily employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, Managed
Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, and other sponsors of health benefit plans, and individuals throughout
the United States. Revenue from our Pharmacy Services segment includes: (i) the portion of the price
the client pays directly to us, net of any volume-related or other discounts paid back to the client,
(ii) the price paid to us (‘‘Mail Co-Payments’’) by individuals included in our clients’ benefit plans,
(iii) customer copayments made directly to the retail pharmacy network, and (iv) administrative fees.
Sales taxes are not included in revenue.

We recognize revenue in the Pharmacy Services segment when: (i) persuasive evidence that the
prescription drug sale has occurred or a contractual arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred or
services have been rendered, (iii) the seller’s price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and
(iv) collectability is reasonably assured. The following revenue recognition policies have been
established for the Pharmacy Services segment.

59

(cid:129) Revenues generated from prescription drugs sold by third party pharmacies in the Pharmacy

Services segment’s retail pharmacy network and associated administrative fees are recognized at
the Pharmacy Services segment’s point-of-sale, which is when the claim is adjudicated by the
Pharmacy Services segment’s online claims processing system.

(cid:129) Revenues generated from prescription drugs sold by our mail service dispensing pharmacy are
recognized when the prescription is delivered. At the time of delivery, the Pharmacy Services
segment has performed substantially all of its obligations under its client contracts and does not
experience a significant level of returns or reshipments.

(cid:129) Revenues generated from administrative fees based on membership or claims volume are

recognized monthly based upon active membership in the plan or actual claims volume.

In the majority of its contracts, the Pharmacy Services segment has determined it is the principal

due to it: (i) being the primary obligor in the arrangement, (ii) latitude in establishing price,
(iii) performs part of the service, (iv) having discretion in supplier selection and v) having involvement
in the determination of product or service specifications. The Pharmacy Services segment’s obligations
under its client contracts for which revenues are reported using the gross method are separate and
distinct from its obligations to the third party pharmacies included in its retail pharmacy network
contracts. Pursuant to these contracts, the Pharmacy Services segment is contractually required to pay
the third party pharmacies in its retail pharmacy network for products sold after payment is received
from its clients. The Pharmacy Services segment’s responsibilities under its client contracts typically
include validating eligibility and coverage levels, communicating the prescription price and the
co-payments due to the third party retail pharmacy, identifying possible adverse drug interactions for
the pharmacist to address with the prescriber prior to dispensing, suggesting generic alternatives where
clinically appropriate and approving the prescription for dispensing. Although the Pharmacy Services
segment does not have credit risk with respect to its pharmacy benefit manager operations and retail
co-payments, management believes that all of the other applicable indicators of gross revenue reporting
are present.

We deduct from our revenues that are generated from prescription drugs sold by third party

pharmacies the manufacturers’ rebates that are earned by our clients based on their members’
utilization of brand-name formulary drugs. For the majority of our clients, we pass these rebates to
clients at point-of-sale based on actual claims data and our estimates of the manufacturers’ rebates
earned by our clients. We base our estimates on the best available data and recent history for the
various factors that can affect the amount of rebates earned by the client. We also deduct from our
revenues pricing guarantees and guarantees regarding the level of service we will provide to the client
or member as well as other payments made to our clients. Because the inputs to most of these
estimates are not subject to a high degree of subjectivity or volatility, the effect of adjustments between
estimated and actual amounts have not been material to our results of operations or financial
condition.

We participate in the federal government’s Medicare Part D program as a PDP through our EIC

subsidiary. Our net revenues include insurance premiums earned by the PDP, which are determined
based on the PDP’s annual bid and related contractual arrangements with CMS. The insurance
premiums include a beneficiary premium, which is the responsibility of the PDP member, but is
subsidized by CMS in the case of low-income members, and a direct premium paid by CMS. Premiums
collected in advance are initially deferred as accrued expenses and are then recognized ratably as
revenue over the period in which members are entitled to receive benefits.

We have recorded estimates of various assets and liabilities arising from our participation in the
Medicare Part D program based on information in our claims management and enrollment systems.
Significant estimates arising from our participation in the Medicare Part D program include:
(i) estimates of low-income cost subsidy, reinsurance amounts and coverage gap discount amounts

60

ultimately payable to or receivable from CMS based on a detailed claims reconciliation, (ii) an estimate
of amounts receivable from CMS under a risk-sharing feature of the Medicare Part D program design,
referred to as the risk corridor (iii) estimates for claims that have been reported and are in the process
of being paid or contested and (iv) our estimate of claims that have been incurred but have not yet
been reported. Actual amounts of Medicare Part D-related assets and liabilities could differ
significantly from amounts recorded. Historically, the effect of these adjustments has not been material
to our results of operations or financial position.

Vendor allowances and purchase discounts for our Pharmacy Services segment: Our Pharmacy

Services segment receives purchase discounts on products purchased. Contractual arrangements with
vendors, including manufacturers, wholesalers and retail pharmacies, normally provide for the Pharmacy
Services segment to receive purchase discounts from established list prices in one, or a combination, of
the following forms: (i) a direct discount at the time of purchase or (ii) a discount (or rebate) paid
subsequent to dispensing when products are purchased indirectly from a manufacturer (e.g., through a
wholesaler or retail pharmacy). These rebates are recognized based on estimates when prescriptions are
dispensed and are generally calculated and billed to manufacturers within 30 days of the end of each
completed quarter. Historically, the effect of adjustments resulting from the reconciliation of rebates
recognized to the amounts billed and collected has not been material to the results of operations. We
account for the effect of any such differences as a change in accounting estimate in the period the
reconciliation is completed. The Pharmacy Services segment also receives additional discounts under its
wholesaler contract. In addition, the Pharmacy Services segment receives fees from pharmaceutical
manufacturers for administrative services. Purchase discounts and administrative service fees are
recorded as a reduction of cost of revenues.

Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share and

Other Non-GAAP Measures

In addition to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP

measures, such as ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA’’, in assessing our operating performance. We believe the
non-GAAP metrics serve as an appropriate measure in evaluating the performance of our business. We
define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding the impact of income taxes, interest expense,
depreciation and amortization, LIFO adjustments, charges or credits for facility closing and impairment,
goodwill impairment, inventory write-downs related to store closings, debt retirements, the Walgreens
Boots Alliance merger termination fee, and other items (including stock-based compensation expense,
merger and acquisition-related costs, severance and costs related to distribution center closures, gain or
loss on sale of assets, and revenue deferrals related to our customer loyalty program). We reference
this particular non-GAAP financial measure frequently in our decision-making because it provides
supplemental information that facilitates internal comparisons to the historical periods and external
comparisons to competitors. In addition, incentive compensation is primarily based on Adjusted
EBITDA and we base certain of our forward-looking estimates on Adjusted EBITDA to facilitate
quantification of planned business activities and enhance subsequent follow-up with comparisons of
actual to planned Adjusted EBITDA.

61

The following is a reconciliation of our net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2018,

2017 and 2016:

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

(Dollars in thousands)

Net (loss) income—continuing operations . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization expense . . . . . .
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination

fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA—continuing operations . . . . .

$(349,532) $

202,768
305,987
386,057
(28,827)
58,765
261,727
—

4,080
200,065
44,438
407,366
(3,721)
45,778
—
—

(325,000)
47,949
$ 559,894

—
42,045
$740,051

$102,088
186,132
49,512
361,134
7,892
40,477
—
33,205

—
68,827
$849,267

The following is a reconciliation of our net (loss) income to Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and

Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016. Adjusted Net (Loss)
Income is defined as net (loss) income excluding the impact of amortization of EnvisionRx intangible
assets, merger and acquisition-related costs, loss on debt retirements, LIFO adjustments, goodwill
impairment, and the Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee. We calculate Adjusted Net
(Loss) Income per Diluted Share using our above-referenced definition of Adjusted Net (Loss) Income.
We believe Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Net (Loss) Income per Diluted Share serve as

62

appropriate measures to be used in evaluating the performance of our business and help our investors
better compare our operating performance over multiple periods.

Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . .
Add back—Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . .

$(349,532) $

305,987

4,080
44,438

$102,088
49,512

(Dollars in thousands)

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

Income before income taxes—continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Adjustments:

Amortization of EnvisionRx intangible assets
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . .
Merger and Acquisition-related costs . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger

termination fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Adjusted (loss) income before income taxes—

continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted income tax (benefit) expense(a) . . . . . .
Adjusted net (loss) income from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net (loss) income per diluted share—continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Adjusted net (loss) income per diluted share—

continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(43,545)

48,518

151,600

78,554
(28,827)
261,727
—
24,283

83,022
(3,721)
—
—
14,066

55,527
7,892
—
33,205
27,482

(325,000)

—

—

(32,808)
(12,570)

141,885
57,344

275,706
111,102

$ (20,238) $ 84,541

$164,604

$

$

(0.33) $

0.00

(0.02) $

0.08

$

$

0.10

0.16

(a) The fiscal year 2018, 2017 and 2016 annual effective tax rates, calculated using a federal

rate plus a net state rate that excluded the impact of state NOL’s, state credits and
valuation allowance, are used for the fifty-two weeks ended March 3, 2018, the fifty-three
weeks ended March 4, 2017, and the fifty-two weeks ended February 27, 2016,
respectively.

In addition to Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net (Loss) Income and Adjusted Net (Loss) Income

per Diluted Share, we occasionally refer to several other Non-GAAP measures, on a less frequent
basis, in order to describe certain components of our business and how we utilize them to describe our
results. These measures include but are not limited to Adjusted EBITDA Gross Margin and Gross
Profit (gross margin/gross profit excluding non-Adjusted EBITDA items), Adjusted EBITDA SG&A
(SG&A expenses excluding non-Adjusted EBITDA items), FIFO Gross Margin and FIFO Gross Profit
(gross margin/gross profit before LIFO charges), and Free Cash Flow (Adjusted EBITDA less cash
paid for interest, rent on closed stores, capital expenditures, acquisition costs and the change in
working capital).

We include these non-GAAP financial measures in our earnings announcements in order to

provide transparency to our investors and enable investors to better compare our operating
performance with the operating performance of our competitors including with those of our
competitors having different capital structures. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss),
Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share or other non-GAAP measures should not be considered
in isolation from, and are not intended to represent an alternative measure of, operating results or of

63

cash flows from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our definition of these
non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measurements reported by other
companies.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Our future earnings, cash flow and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent

upon prevalent market rates. Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and
interest rates. Our major market risk exposure is changing interest rates. Increases in interest rates
would increase our interest expense. We enter into debt obligations to support capital expenditures,
acquisitions, working capital needs and general corporate purposes. Our policy is to manage interest
rates through the use of a combination of variable-rate credit facilities, fixed-rate long-term obligations
and derivative transactions. We currently do not have any derivative transactions outstanding.

The table below provides information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes
in interest rates. The table presents principal payments and the related weighted average interest rates
by expected maturity dates as of March 3, 2018.

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

Thereafter

Total

(Dollars in thousands)

Long-term debt, including

current portion, excluding
capital lease obligations

Fixed Rate . . . . . . . . . . . .
Average Interest Rate . . . . .
Variable Rate . . . . . . . . . .
Average Interest Rate . . . . .

$ —

$ 90
7.61% 0.00%
$ —
0.00% 0.00%

$ —

$902,000

$810,000

$2,223,000

$3,935,090

$

9.25%

—

0.00%

$ —

$ —

6.75% 0.00%

0.00% 0.00%

$

—

$

6.38%

—

0.00%

$

7.11%

—

0.00%

Fair Value

at

March 3,

2018

$3,927,411

$

—

Our ability to satisfy interest payment obligations on our outstanding debt will depend largely on
our future performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial,
business and other factors beyond our control. If we do not have sufficient cash flow to service our
interest payment obligations on our outstanding indebtedness and if we cannot borrow or obtain equity
financing to satisfy those obligations, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. We cannot be assured that any replacement borrowing or equity financing could be
successfully completed.

The interest rate on our variable rate borrowings, which include our revolving credit facility, are

based on LIBOR. If the market rates of interest for LIBOR changed by 100 basis points as of March 3,
2018, our annual interest expense would change by approximately $0.0 million.

A change in interest rates does not have an impact upon our future earnings and cash flow for

fixed-rate debt instruments. As fixed-rate debt matures, however, and if additional debt is acquired to
fund the debt repayment, future earnings and cash flow may be affected by changes in interest rates.
This effect would be realized in the periods subsequent to the periods when the debt matures.
Increases in interest rates would also impact our ability to refinance existing maturities on favorable
terms.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto are included elsewhere in this report and

are incorporated by reference herein. See Item 15 of Part IV.

64

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not applicable

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial

Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
‘‘Exchange Act’’)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period,
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

(b) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over

financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in ‘‘Internal Control—Integrated
Framework’’ (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that, as of March 3, 2018, we
did not have any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our internal
control over financial reporting was effective.

Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte &

Touche LLP, on our internal control over financial reporting is included after the next paragraph.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is

defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during our fourth fiscal quarter
ended March 3, 2018 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.

65

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Rite Aid Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Rite Aid Corporation and

subsidiaries (the ‘‘Company’’) as of March 3, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of March 3, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting

Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year
ended March 3, 2018, of the Company and our report dated April 26, 2018, expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial

reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require

that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or

detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
April 26, 2018

66

Item 9B. Other Information

None

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

We will provide information that is responsive to this Item 10 in our definitive proxy statement or
in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this Item 10 by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation

We will provide information that is responsive to this Item 11 in our definitive proxy statement or
in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this Item 11 by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder

Matters

We will provide information that is responsive to this Item 12 in our definitive proxy statement or
in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this Item 12 by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

We will provide information that is responsive to this Item 13 in our definitive proxy statement or
in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this Item 13 by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

We will provide information that is responsive to this Item 14 in our definitive proxy statement or
in an amendment to this Annual Report not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered
by this Annual Report. That information is incorporated into this Item 14 by reference.

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule

PART IV

(a) The consolidated financial statements of the Company and report of the independent

registered public accounting firm identified in the following index are included in this report from the
individual pages filed as a part of this report:
1.

Financial Statements
The following financial statements, report of the independent registered public accounting firm and

supplementary data are included herein:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017

and February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018,

March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018,

March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017

and February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.

Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required

information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

74
75

76

77

78

79
80

67

3. Exhibits

Exhibit
Numbers
2.1

2.2

3.1

3.2

3.3

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

Description

Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, dated
September 18, 2017, among Rite Aid Corporation,
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Walgreen Co.
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 18, 2018,
among Rite Aid Corporation, Albertsons Companies, Inc.,
Ranch Acquisition II LLC and Ranch Acquisition Corp.
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated
January 22, 2014
Amended and Restated By-Laws

Incorporation By Reference To

Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on September 19, 2017

Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on February 20, 2018

Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 23, 2014
Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 6, 2016
Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on January 3, 2018

Exhibit 4A to Registration
Statement on Form S-3, File

June 3, 1993
Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed
on February 7, 2000

Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of
Series J Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Rite Aid
Corporation
Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1993, between Rite Aid
Corporation, as issuer, and Morgan Guaranty Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, related to the Company’s No. 033-63794, filed on
7.70% Notes due 2027
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 3, 2000,
between Rite Aid Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust
National Association (as successor trustee to Morgan
Guaranty Trust Company of New York) to the Indenture
dated as of August 1, 1993, between Rite Aid Corporation
and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, relating
to the Company’s 7.70% Notes due 2027
Indenture, dated as of December 21, 1998, between Rite
Aid Corporation, as issuer, and Harris Trust and Savings
Bank, as trustee, related to the Company’s 6.875% Notes
due 2028
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 3, 2000,
between Rite Aid Corporation and Harris Trust and Savings
Bank to the Indenture, dated December 21, 1998, between
Rite Aid Corporation and Harris Trust and Savings Bank,
related to the Company’s 6.875% Notes due 2028
Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2013, among Rite Aid
Corporation, as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors named
therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., related to the Company’s 6.75% Senior Notes due
2021
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10,
2015, by and among Rite Aid Corporation, TPG VI
Envision, L.P., TPG VI DE BDH, L.P. and Envision Rx
Options Holdings Inc.

Exhibit 4.1 to Registration
Statement on Form S-4, File
No. 333-74751, filed on
March 19, 1999
Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K, filed
on February 7, 2000

Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on July 2, 2013

Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K,
filed on February 13, 2015

68

Exhibit
Numbers
4.7

4.8

4.9

4.10

4.11

4.12

4.13

10.1

Description

Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2015, among Rite Aid
Corporation, as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors named
therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A., related to the Company’s 6.125% Senior Notes due
2023
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2015,
among Rite Aid Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors
named therein and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill
Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and
Goldman, Sachs & Co., as the initial purchasers of the
Company’s 6.125% Senior Notes due 2023
Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of January 3, 2018,
between Rite Aid Corporation and Broadridge Corporate
Issuer Solutions
Specimen Common Stock Certificate

Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of
Series J Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Rite Aid
Corporation
Certificate of Elimination of Series J Junior Participating
Preferred Stock of Rite Aid Corporation
First Amendment to Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated
as of March 27, 2018, by and between Rite Aid Corporation
and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions
2000 Omnibus Equity Plan*

10.2

2001 Stock Option Plan*

10.3

2004 Omnibus Equity Plan*

10.4

2006 Omnibus Equity Plan*

10.5

2010 Omnibus Equity Plan*

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

10.10

Amendment No. 1, dated September 21, 2010, to the 2010
Omnibus Equity Plan*
Amendment No. 2, dated January 16, 2013, to the 2010
Omnibus Equity Plan*
2012 Omnibus Equity Plan*

Amendment No. 1, dated January 16, 2013, to the 2012
Omnibus Equity Plan*
2014 Omnibus Equity Plan*

69

Incorporation By Reference To

Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on April 2, 2015

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on April 2, 2015

Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on January 3, 2018

Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K, filed
on January 3, 2018
Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K, filed
on January 3, 2018

Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-A/A,
filed on March 28, 2018
Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-A/A,
filed on March 28, 2018

Included in Proxy Statement
dated October 24, 2000
Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-K,
filed on May 21, 2001
Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 29, 2005
Exhibit 10 to Form 8-K, filed
on January 22, 2007
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 25, 2010
Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q,
filed on October 7, 2010
Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 23, 2013
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 25, 2012
Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 23, 2013
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 23, 2014

Exhibit
Numbers
10.11

Form of Award Agreement*

Description

10.12

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan*

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17

10.18

10.19

10.20

10.21

10.22

10.23

10.24

10.25

10.26

10.27

Executive Incentive Plan for Officers of Rite Aid
Corporation*
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and
between Rite Aid Corporation and John T. Standley, dated
as of January 21, 2010*
Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and Douglas E. Donley, dated as of August 1,
2000*
Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and
between Rite Aid Corporation and Douglas E. Donley,
dated as of December 18, 2008*
Rite Aid Corporation Special Executive Retirement Plan*

Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and Ken Martindale, dated as of December 3,
2008*
Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2010, to the Employment
Agreement by and between Rite Aid Corporation and Ken
Martindale, dated as of December 3, 2008*
Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between
Rite Aid Corporation and Kenneth Martindale dated as of
October 26, 2015*
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as
of June 23, 2011, between Rite Aid Corporation and
Enio A. Montini, Jr.*
Employment Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2014, by
and between Rite Aid Corporation and Dedra N. Castle
Employment Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2014, by and
between Rite Aid Corporation and Darren W. Karst
Letter Agreement, dated October 26, 2015, to the
Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and Darren W. Karst, dated as of July 24,
2014*
Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and Jocelyn Konrad dated as of August 18,
2015*
Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and Bryan Everett dated as of June 22, 2015*
Employment Agreement by and between Rite Aid
Corporation and David Abelman dated as of August 3,
2015*

70

Incorporation By Reference To

Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K,
filed on May 15, 2012
Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 28, 2010
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on February 24, 2012
Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 28, 2010

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q,
filed on December 22, 2005

Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 7, 2009

Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 26, 2004
Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 7, 2009

Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q,
filed on October 7, 2010

Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 6, 2016

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q,
filed on October 5, 2011

Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q,
filed on July 3, 2014
Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q,
filed on October 2, 2014
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on October 28, 2015

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 6, 2016

Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 6, 2016
Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q,
filed on January 6, 2016

Exhibit
Numbers
10.28

Form of Retention Award Agreement

Description

10.29

Form of December 31, 2015 Retention Award Agreement

10.30

10.31

10.32

10.33

10.34

10.35

10.36

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
June 27, 2001, as amended and restated as of January 13,
2015, among Rite Aid Corporation, the lenders from time to
time party thereto and Citicorp North America, Inc., as
administrative agent and collateral agent.
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2015, among Rite Aid
Corporation, the lenders signatory thereto and Citicorp
North America, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral
agent.
Amended and Restated Collateral Trust and Intercreditor
Agreement, including the related definitions annex, dated as
of June 5, 2009, among Rite Aid Corporation, each
subsidiary named therein or which becomes a party thereto,
Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral trustee, Citicorp
North America, Inc., as senior collateral processing agent,
The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee
under the 2017 7.5% Note Indenture (as defined therein)
and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as trustee under the 2016 10.375% Note Indenture (as
defined therein), and each other Second Priority
Representative and Senior Representative which becomes a
party thereto
Amended and Restated Senior Subsidiary Guarantee
Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2009 among the subsidiary
guarantors party thereto and Citicorp North America, Inc.,
as senior collateral agent
Amended and Restated Senior Subsidiary Security
Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2009, by the subsidiary
guarantors party thereto in favor of the Citicorp North
America, Inc., as senior collateral agent
Amended and Restated Senior Indemnity, Subrogation and
Contribution Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2003, and
supplemented as of September 27, 2004, among Rite Aid
Corporation, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and Citicorp North
America, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as collateral
processing co-agents
Second Priority Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated as
of June 27, 2001, as amended and restated as of May 28,
2003, and as supplemented as of January 5, 2005, among the
Subsidiary Guarantors and Wilmington Trust Company, as
collateral agent

Incorporation By Reference To

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on January 7, 2016
Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K,
filed on January 7, 2016
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on January 14, 2015

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on February 13, 2015

Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 11, 2009

Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 11, 2009

Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 11, 2009

Exhibit 4.27 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 29, 2008

Exhibit 4.36 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 17, 2009

71

Exhibit
Numbers
10.37

10.38

10.39

10.40

10.41

11

12

21
23
31.1

31.2

32

Incorporation By Reference To
Exhibit 4.37 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 17, 2009

Exhibit 4.33 to Form 10-K,
filed on April 29, 2008

Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K,
filed on February 20, 2009

Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K,
filed on June 16, 2009

Description

Second Priority Subsidiary Security Agreement, dated as of
June 27, 2001, as amended and restated as of May 28, 2003,
as supplemented as of January 5, 2005, and as amended in
the Reaffirmation Agreement and Amendment dates as of
January 11, 2005, by the Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of
Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral trustee
Amended and Restated Second Priority Indemnity,
Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of
May 28, 2003, and as supplemented as of January 5, 2005,
among the Subsidiary Guarantors and Wilmington Trust
Company, as collateral agent
Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2009, by
and among Citicorp North America, Inc. and Citicorp North
America, Inc., and acknowledged and agreed to by Rite Aid
Funding II
Senior Lien Intercreditor Agreement dated as of June 12,
2009, among Rite Aid Corporation, the subsidiary
guarantors named therein, Citicorp North America, Inc., as
senior collateral agent for the Senior Secured Parties (as
defined therein), Citicorp North America, Inc., as senior
representative for the Senior Loan Secured Parties (as
defined therein), The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., as Senior Representative (as defined
therein) for the Initial Additional Senior Debt Parties (as
defined therein), and each additional Senior Representative
from time to time party thereto
Standstill Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2018, among
Rite Aid Corporation, Albertsons Companies, Inc. and
Cerberus Capital Management, L.P.
Statement regarding computation of earnings per share (See
Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements)
Statement regarding computation of ratio of earnings to
fixed charges
Subsidiaries of the Registrant
Filed herewith
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Filed herewith
Certification of CEO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or
Filed herewith
Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended
Certification of CFO pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or
Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended
Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to 18 United States
Code, Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Filed herewith

Filed herewith

Filed herewith

Filed herewith

Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K,
filed on February 20, 2018

72

Exhibit
Numbers
101.

Description

Incorporation By Reference To

The following materials are formatted in Extensible Business
Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance
Sheets at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017,
(ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal
years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017, and February 27,
2016, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4,
2017, and February 27, 2016, (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended March 3,
2018, March 4, 2017, and February 27, 2016,
(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal
years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017, and February 27,
2016 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
tagged in detail.

Constitutes a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed with this Form 10-K.

*
** Confidential portions of these Exhibits were redacted and filed separately with the Securities and

Exchange Commission pursuant to requests for confidential treatment.
In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K please remember
they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide
any other factual or disclosure information about Rite Aid Corporation, its subsidiaries or the other
parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain representations and warranties by each of the
parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the
benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and:
(cid:129) should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of

allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;

(cid:129) have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the
negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
agreement;

(cid:129) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to

you or other investors; and

(cid:129) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be

specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.

Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the
date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about Rite Aid Corporation may be
found elsewhere in this report and the Company’s other public filings, which are available without
charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov.

*** Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of

Regulation S-K and Rite Aid Corporation agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and
Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit upon request.

73

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of
Rite Aid Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rite Aid and subsidiaries (the

‘‘Company’’) as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations,
consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity, and
consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 3, 2018,
and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as
the ‘‘financial statements’’). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 3, 2018, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting

Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
of March 3, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated April 26, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require

that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
April 26, 2018
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1999.

74

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intangibles, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Current maturities of long-term debt and lease financing obligations . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued salaries, wages and other current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, less current maturities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease financing obligations, less current maturities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commitments and contingencies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stockholders’ equity:

Common stock, par value $1 per share; 1,500,000 shares authorized;

shares issued and outstanding 1,067,318 and 1,053,690 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additional paid-in capital . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated deficit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

March 4,

2017

$

447,334
1,869,100
1,799,539
181,181
438,137
4,735,291
1,431,246
1,421,120
590,443
594,019
217,208
—
$ 8,989,327

$

20,761
1,651,363
1,231,736
560,205
3,464,065
3,340,099
30,775
553,378
—
7,388,317
—

$

245,410
1,771,126
1,789,541
211,541
1,047,670
5,065,288
1,526,462
1,682,847
715,406
1,505,564
215,917
882,268
$11,593,752

$

17,709
1,613,909
1,340,947
32,683
3,005,248
3,235,888
37,204
643,950
4,057,392
10,979,682
—

1,067,318
4,850,712
(4,282,471)
(34,549)
1,601,010
$ 8,989,327

1,053,690
4,839,854
(5,237,157)
(42,317)
614,070
$11,593,752

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

75

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs and expenses:

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)
$21,528,968

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)
$22,927,540

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)
$20,770,237

16,748,863
4,651,262
58,765
261,727
202,768
—
(325,000)
(25,872)
21,572,513

17,862,833
4,776,995
45,778
—
200,065
—
—
(6,649)
22,879,022

15,778,258
4,581,171
40,477
—
186,132
33,205
—
(606)
20,618,637

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income

taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(43,545)
305,987
(349,532)
1,293,002
943,470

$

$

48,518
44,438
4,080
(27)
4,053

$

151,600
49,512
102,088
63,377
165,465

Computation of income attributable to common

stockholders:
(Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to

common stockholders—basic and diluted . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to
common stockholders—basic and diluted . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (349,532) $

4,080

$

102,088

1,293,002

(27)

63,377

Income attributable to common stockholders—basic and

diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic (loss) income per share:

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net basic income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted (loss) income per share:

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net diluted income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$
$
$

$
$
$

943,470

$

4,053

$

165,465

(0.33) $
$
1.23
0.90
$

(0.33) $
$
1.23
0.90
$

0.00
$
(0.00) $
0.00
$

0.00
$
(0.00) $
0.00
$

0.10
0.06
0.16

0.10
0.06
0.16

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

76

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(In thousands)

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income (loss):

Defined benefit pension plans:
Amortization of prior service cost, net transition obligation and
net actuarial losses included in net periodic pension cost, net
of $4,842, $3,600, and $(1,681) tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . .
Total other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)
$943,470

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)
$4,053

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)
$165,465

7,255
7,255
$950,725

5,464
5,464
$9,517

(1,931)
(1,931)
$163,534

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

77

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

Common Stock

Shares
988,558

Amount
$ 988,558

Additional

Paid-In
Capital

$4,521,023

Accumulated

Deficit

$(5,406,675)
165,465

BALANCE FEBRUARY 28, 2015 . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss:
Changes in Defined Benefit Plans, net of
$1,681 tax benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . .
Exchange of restricted shares for taxes . .
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . . . . .
Cancellation of restricted stock . . . . . .
Amortization of restricted stock balance .
Stock-based compensation expense . . . .
Conversion of convertible debt

instruments

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Tax benefit from exercise of stock

options and restricted stock vesting . .
Stock options exercised . . . . . . . . . . .
Shares issued for EnvisionRx acquisition
BALANCE FEBRUARY 27, 2016 . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income:
Changes in Defined Benefit Plans, net of
$3,600 tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . .
Exchange of restricted shares for taxes . .
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . . . . .
Cancellation of restricted stock . . . . . .
Amortization of restricted stock balance .
Stock-based compensation expense . . . .
Tax benefit from exercise of stock

options and restricted stock vesting . .
Stock options exercised . . . . . . . . . . .
BALANCE MARCH 4, 2017 . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income:
Changes in Defined Benefit Plans, net of
$4,842 tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . .
Adoption of ASU 2016-09 . . . . . . . . . .
Adoption of ASU 2018-02 . . . . . . . . . .
Exchange of restricted shares for taxes . .
Issuance of restricted stock . . . . . . . . .
Cancellation of restricted stock . . . . . .
Amortization of restricted stock balance .
Stock-based compensation expense . . . .
Amortization of performance-based

incentive plans

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock options exercised . . . . . . . . . . .
BALANCE MARCH 3, 2018 . . . . . . . .

(2,045)
2,751
(420)

(2,045)
2,751
(420)

(15,461)
(2,751)
420
28,342
11,164

24,762

24,762

39,327

6,394
27,754
1,047,754

6,394
27,754
$1,047,754

22,466
4,982
213,153
$4,822,665

(809)
3,613
(424)

(809)
3,613
(424)

3,556
1,053,690

3,556
$1,053,690

(1,454)
13,856
(3,594)

(1,454)
13,856
(3,594)

4,820
1,067,318

4,820
$1,067,318

(5,446)
(3,613)
424
12,588
9,989

(148)
3,395
$4,839,854

(2,649)
(13,856)
3,594
18,365
2,761

1,667
976
$4,850,712

Accumulated

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

$(45,850)

$

(1,931)

Total
57,056
165,465

(1,931)
163,534
(17,506)
—
—
28,342
11,164

64,089

$(5,241,210)
4,053

$(47,781)

5,464

$(5,237,157)
943,470

$(42,317)

7,255

513

11,729
(513)

$(4,282,471)

$(34,549)

22,466
11,376
240,907
$ 581,428
4,053

5,464
9,517
(6,255)
—
—
12,588
9,989

(148)
6,951
$ 614,070
943,470

7,255
950,725
11,729
—
(4,103)
—
—
18,365
2,761

1,667
5,796
$1,601,010

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

78

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

February 27,

2016

(53 Weeks)

(52 Weeks)

$

943,470
1,293,002
$ (349,532)

$

$

4,053
(27)
4,080

$

$

165,465
63,377
102,088

OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of assets, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock-based compensation expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in deferred taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefit on stock options and restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets and liabilities, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . .

Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations

INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Payments for property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from insured loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from dispositions of assets and investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations . . . . . . . . . .

FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (payments to) proceeds from revolver
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on long-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change in zero balance cash accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net proceeds from the issuance of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financing fees paid for early debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefit on stock options and restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred financing costs paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Payment for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards . . . . . . . . .
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities of continuing operations

386,057
58,765
261,727
(28,827)
(25,872)
25,793
—
260,411
—

(349,481)
18,835
211,511
42,083
511,470

(185,879)
(28,885)
—
4,239
—
27,586
(182,939)

—
(265,000)
(9,882)
35,605
5,796
—
—
—
(4,103)
(237,584)

407,366
45,778
—
(3,721)
(6,649)
23,482
—
35,038
(543)

(159,590)
(49,381)
39,542
(152,375)
183,027

(254,149)
(39,648)
—
—
—
16,852
(276,945)

—
330,000
(16,588)
43,080
6,951
—
543
—
(6,254)
357,732

Cash flows from discontinued operations:
Operating activities of discontinued operations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investing activities of discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financing activities of discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase in cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(245,126)
3,496,222
(3,140,119)
110,977
201,924
245,410
447,334

$

49,090
(187,314)
(4,651)
(142,875)
120,939
124,471
$ 245,410

361,134
40,477
—
7,892
(606)
37,948
33,205
79,488
(22,884)

264,525
136,823
(480)
(329,267)
710,343

(391,199)
(89,874)
(1,778,377)
—
26,953
9,773
(2,222,724)

1,800,000
375,000
(667,494)
(62,878)
11,376
(26,003)
22,884
(34,634)
(17,506)
1,400,745

304,565
(179,134)
(5,223)
120,208
8,572
115,899
124,471

$

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

79

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

The Company is a Delaware corporation and through its 100 percent owned subsidiaries, operates
a pharmacy retail healthcare company in the United States of America. The Company operates through
its two reportable segments: the Retail Pharmacy segment and the Pharmacy Services segment. The
Retail Pharmacy segment operates one of the largest retail drugstore chains in the United States, with
2,550 stores in operation as of March 3, 2018. The Retail Pharmacy segment’s drugstores’ primary
business is the sale of brand and generic prescription drugs. The Retail Pharmacy segment also sells a
full selection of health and beauty aids and personal care products, seasonal merchandise and a large
private brand product line. The Pharmacy Services segment, acquired by the Company in connection
with the June 24, 2015 acquisition of EnvisionRx, operates both a transparent and traditional pharmacy
benefit management (‘‘PBM’’) business; mail-order and specialty pharmacy services through
EnvisionPharmacies; access to the nation’s largest cash pay infertility discount drug program via Design
Rx; a claims adjudication software platform through Laker Software; and a national Medicare Part D
prescription drug plan through Envision Insurance Company (‘‘EIC’’). See Note 21 for additional
details on the Company’s reportable segments.

The discussion and presentation of the operating and financial results of our business segments

have been impacted by the following event.

Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Asset
Purchase Agreement, Walgreen Co. agreed to purchase from Rite Aid 1,932 stores, three distribution
centers, related inventory and other specified assets and liabilities related thereto for a purchase price
of approximately $4.375 billion, on a cash-free, debt-free basis (the ‘‘Asset Sale’’ or the ‘‘Sale’’). As of
March 3, 2018, the Company has sold 1,651 stores and related assets to WBA in exchange for proceeds
of $3,553.5 million, which were used to repay outstanding debt. Based on its magnitude and because
the Company is exiting certain markets, the Sale represents a significant strategic shift that has a
material effect on the Company’s operations and financial results. Accordingly, the Company has
applied discontinued operations treatment for the Asset Sale as required by Accounting Standards
Codification 210-05—Discontinued Operations (ASC 205-20). In accordance with ASC 205-20, the
Company reclassified the assets and liabilities to be sold, including 1,932 stores (the ‘‘Acquired Stores’’),
three (3) distribution centers, related inventory and other specified assets and liabilities related thereto
(collectively the ‘‘Assets to be Sold’’ or ‘‘Disposal Group’’) to assets and liabilities held for sale on its
consolidated balance sheets as of the periods ended March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, and reclassified
the financial results of the Disposal Group in its consolidated statements of operations and
consolidated statements of cash flows for all periods presented. Additionally, corporate support
activities related to the Disposal Group were not reclassified to discontinued operations. Please see
additional information as provided in Note 4 Asset Sale to WBA.

Prior to the June 24, 2015 acquisition of EnvisionRx, the Company’s operations consisted solely of

the Retail Pharmacy segment. Following the completion of the EnvisionRx acquisition, the Company

80

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

organized its operations into the Retail Pharmacy segment and the Pharmacy Services segment.
Revenues for the Company are as follows:

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

Retail Pharmacy segment:
Pharmacy sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Front end sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Retail Pharmacy segment . . . . . . . . .
Pharmacy Services segment revenue . . . . .
Intersegment elimination . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$10,328,376
5,348,613
155,636
$15,832,625
5,896,669
(200,326)
$21,528,968

$11,072,480
5,538,352
155,788
$16,766,620
6,393,884
(232,964)
$22,927,540

$11,258,112
5,419,889
142,387
$16,820,388
4,103,513
(153,664)
$20,770,237

Sales of prescription drugs for our Retail Pharmacy segment represented approximately 65.9%,

66.0% and 66.9% of the Company’s total drugstore sales in fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The Retail Pharmacy segment’s principal classes of products in fiscal 2018 were the
following:

Product Class
Prescription drugs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Over-the-counter medications and personal care . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Health and beauty aids . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
General merchandise and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Percentage

of Sales
65.9%
10.9%
4.4%
18.8%

Fiscal Year

The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to February 29 or March 1. The fiscal year

ended March 3, 2018 included 52 weeks. The fiscal year ended March 4, 2017 included 53 weeks. The
fiscal year ended February 27, 2016 included 52 weeks.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its

100 percent owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.

81

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments, which are readily
convertible to known amounts of cash and which have original maturities of three months or less when
purchased.

Allowance for Uncollectible Receivables

Substantially all prescription sales are made to customers who are covered by third-party payors,

such as insurance companies, government agencies and employers. The Company recognizes receivables
that represent the amount owed to the Company for sales made to customers or employees of those
payors that have not yet been paid. The Company maintains a reserve for the amount of these
receivables deemed to be uncollectible. This reserve is calculated based upon historical collection
activity adjusted for current conditions.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Inventory balances include the capitalization
of certain costs related to purchasing, freight and handling costs associated with placing inventory in its
location and condition for sale. The Company uses the last-in, first-out (‘‘LIFO’’) cost flow assumption
for substantially all of its inventories. The Company calculates its inflation index based on internal
product mix and utilizes the link-chain LIFO method.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Asset impairments are recorded when the carrying value of assets are not recoverable. For

purposes of recognizing and measuring impairment of long-lived assets, the Company categorizes assets
of operating stores as ‘‘Assets to Be Held and Used’’ and ‘‘Assets to Be Disposed Of.’’ The Company
evaluates assets at the store level because this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows ascertainable
to evaluate impairment. Assets being tested for recoverability at the store level include tangible
long-lived assets and identifiable, finite-lived intangibles that arose in purchase business combinations.
Corporate assets to be held and used are evaluated for impairment based on excess cash flows from the
stores that support those assets.

The Company reviews long-lived assets to be held and used for impairment annually or whenever

events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable. If the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount
of the asset, the Company recognizes an impairment loss. Impairment losses are measured as the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. When fair values
are not available, the Company estimates fair value using the expected future cash flows discounted at
a rate commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of the asset.

82

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and

amortization. The Company provides for depreciation using the straight-line method over the following
useful lives: buildings—30 to 45 years; equipment—3 to 15 years.

Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated

useful life of the asset or the term of the lease. When determining the amortization period of a
leasehold improvement, the Company considers whether discretionary exercise of a lease renewal
option is reasonably assured. If it is determined that the exercise of such option is reasonably assured,
the Company will amortize the leasehold improvement asset over the minimum lease term, plus the
option period. This determination depends on the remaining life of the minimum lease term and any
economic penalties that would be incurred if the lease option is not exercised.

Capitalized lease assets are recorded at the lesser of the present value of minimum lease payments
or fair market value and amortized over the estimated useful life of the related property or term of the
lease.

The Company capitalizes direct internal and external development costs associated with

internal-use software. Neither preliminary evaluation costs nor costs associated with the software after
implementation are capitalized. For fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company capitalized costs of
approximately $13,940, $6,189 and $7,680, respectively.

Goodwill

The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the

assets acquired and liabilities assumed during business combinations. The Company accounts for
goodwill under ASC Topic 350, ‘‘Intangibles—Goodwill and Other’’, which does not permit
amortization, but instead requires the Company to perform an annual impairment review, or more
frequently if events or circumstances indicate that impairment may be more likely. See Note 13 for
additional information on goodwill.

Intangible Assets

The Company has certain finite-lived intangible assets that are amortized over their useful lives.

The value of favorable and unfavorable leases on stores acquired in business combinations are
amortized over the terms of the leases on a straight-line basis. Prescription files acquired in business
combinations are amortized over an estimated useful life of ten years on an accelerated basis, which
approximates the anticipated prescription file retention and related cash flows. Purchased prescription
files acquired in other than business combinations are amortized over their estimated useful lives of
five years on a straight-line basis. The value of finite-lived trade names are amortized over 10 years on
a straight-line basis. The value of customer relationships, acquired in connection with the Company’s
acquisition of EnvisionRx, are amortized over a period between 10 and 20 years on a descending
percentage method which matches the pattern of expected discounted cash flows. The Pharmacy
Services segment’s contract with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (‘‘CMS’’) for Medicare

83

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Part D (‘‘Part D’’), which is required in order to act as a national provider of the Part D benefit, is
amortized over 25 years on a straight line basis.

Deferred Financing Costs

Costs incurred to issue debt are deferred and amortized as a component of interest expense over

the terms of the related debt agreements. Amortization expense of deferred financing costs was $8,403,
$4,696 and $4,691 for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Revenue Recognition

Retail Pharmacy Segment

For front end sales, the Retail Pharmacy segment recognizes revenue from the sale of merchandise
at the time the merchandise is sold. The Retail Pharmacy segment records revenue net of an allowance
for estimated future returns. Return activity is immaterial to revenues and results of operations in all
periods presented. For third party payor pharmacy sales, revenue is recognized at the time the
prescription is filled, which is or approximates when the customer picks up the prescription and is
recorded net of an allowance for prescriptions that were filled but will not be picked up by the
customer. For all periods presented, there is no material difference between the revenue recognized at
the time the prescription is filled and that which would be recognized when the customer picks up the
prescription. For cash prescriptions and patient third party payor co-payments, the Retail Pharmacy
segment recognizes revenue when the patient picks up the prescription and tenders the cash price or
patient third party payor co-payment amount at the point of sale. Prescriptions are generally not
returnable.

The Retail Pharmacy segment offers a chain-wide loyalty card program titled wellness +. Members

participating in the wellness + loyalty card program earn points on a calendar year basis for eligible
front end merchandise purchases and qualifying prescriptions. One point is awarded for each dollar
spent towards front end merchandise and 25 points are awarded for each qualifying prescription.

Members reach specific wellness + tiers based on the points accumulated during the calendar year,
which entitles such customers to certain future discounts and other benefits upon reaching that tier. For
example, any customer that reaches 1,000 points in a calendar year achieves the ‘‘Gold’’ tier, enabling
them to receive a 20% discount on qualifying purchases of front end merchandise for the remaining
portion of the calendar year and also the next calendar year. There is also a similar ‘‘Silver’’ level with
a lower threshold and benefit level.

As wellness + customers accumulate points, the Retail Pharmacy segment defers the value of the
points earned as deferred revenue (included in other current and noncurrent liabilities, based on the
expected usage). The amount deferred is based on historic and projected customer activity (e.g., tier
level, spending level). As customers receive discounted front end merchandise, the Retail Pharmacy
segment recognizes an allocable portion of the deferred revenue. The Retail Pharmacy segment
deferred $63,851 as of March 3, 2018 of which $50,036 is included in other current liabilities and
$13,815 is included in noncurrent liabilities. The Retail Pharmacy segment deferred $60,255 as of

84

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

March 4, 2017 of which $46,864 is included in other current liabilities and $13,391 is included in
noncurrent liabilities.

In January 2018, the Company ended its partnership with American Express Travel Related
Services Company, Inc. (‘‘American Express’’) and later replaced that program with The Rite Aid
wellness+ Rewards program, which allows a customer to earn Bonus Cash based on qualifying
purchases. wellness+ Rewards members have the opportunity to redeem their accumulated Bonus Cash
on a future purchase with a 60 day expiration window. All Bonus Cash is redeemed using a FIFO
methodology (e.g., first Bonus Cash earned are the first to be redeemed).

For a majority of the Bonus Cash issuances, funding is provided by our vendors through

contractual arrangements. This funding is treated as deferred revenue and remains in deferred revenue
until a wellness+ Rewards member redeems their Bonus Cash. Upon redemption, the deferred revenue
account is decremented with an offsetting credit to sales. For Bonus cash redemptions that are not
vendor funded, deferred revenue is recorded and not recognized until Bonus Cash is redeemed.

Prior to ending its partnership with American Express, the Company partnered with American

Express to be part of a coalition loyalty program titled Plenti. This awards program allows a customer
to earn points based on qualifying purchases at participating retailers. Each Plenti point is worth the
equivalent of $0.01. The customer has the opportunity to redeem their accumulated points on a future
purchase at any of the participating retailers. All points are redeemed using a FIFO methodology
(e.g., first points earned are the first to be redeemed). Points expire on December 31st of each year for
any point that has aged a minimum of two years that has not been redeemed by the customer. For a
majority of the Plenti point issuances, funding is provided by our vendors through contractual
arrangements. This funding is treated as deferred revenue and remains in deferred revenue until a
customer redeems their points. Upon redemption, the deferred revenue account is decremented with an
offsetting credit to sales. For Plenti point redemptions that are not vendor funded, deferred revenue is
recorded and not recognized until the points are redeemed. As of March 3, 2018, the Company had
deferred revenue of $23,907 relating to the Plenti program which is included in other current liabilities.
As of March 4, 2017, the Company had deferred revenue of $35,642 relating to the Plenti program
which is included in other current liabilities

Pharmacy Services Segment

The Pharmacy Services segment (‘‘Pharmacy Services’’) sells prescription drugs indirectly through
its retail pharmacy network and directly through its mail service dispensing pharmacy. The Pharmacy
Services segment recognizes revenue from prescription drugs sold by (i) its mail service dispensing
pharmacy and (ii) under retail pharmacy network contracts where it is the principal using the gross
method at the contract prices negotiated with its clients, primarily employers, insurance companies,
unions, government employee groups, health plans, Managed Medicaid plans, Medicare plans, and
other sponsors of health benefit plans, and individuals throughout the United States. Revenues include:
(i) the portion of the price the client pays directly to the Pharmacy Services segment, net of any
volume-related or other discounts paid back to the client (see ‘‘Drug Discounts’’ below), (ii) the price
paid to the Pharmacy Services segment by client plan members for mail order prescriptions (‘‘Mail

85

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Co-Payments’’), (iii) customer copayments made directly to the retail pharmacy network, and
(iv) administrative fees. Sales taxes are not included in revenue. Revenue is recognized when:
(i) persuasive evidence that the prescription drug sale has occurred or a contractual arrangement exists,
(ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the seller’s price to the buyer is fixed or
determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. The following revenue recognition policies
have been established for the Pharmacy Services segment:

(cid:129) Revenues generated from prescription drugs sold by third party pharmacies in the Pharmacy

Services segment’s retail pharmacy network and associated administrative fees are recognized at
the Pharmacy Services segment’s point-of-sale, which is when the claim is adjudicated by the
Pharmacy Services segment’s online claims processing system.

(cid:129) Revenues generated from prescription drugs sold by the Pharmacy Services segment’s mail

service dispensing pharmacy are recognized when the prescription is delivered. At the time of
delivery, the Pharmacy Services segment has performed substantially all of its obligations under
its client contracts and does not experience a significant level of returns or reshipments.
(cid:129) Revenues generated from administrative fees based on membership or claims volume are

recognized monthly upon active membership in the plan or actual claims volume.

In the majority of its contracts, the Pharmacy Services segment has determined it is the principal

due to it: (i) being the primary obligor in the arrangement, (ii) latitude in establishing price,
(iii) performs part of the service, (iv) having discretion in supplier selection and v) having involvement
in the determination of product or service specifications. The Pharmacy Services segment’s obligations
under its client contracts for which revenues are reported using the gross method are separate and
distinct from its obligations to the third party pharmacies included in its retail pharmacy network
contracts. Pursuant to these contracts, the Pharmacy Services segment is contractually required to pay
the third party pharmacies in its retail pharmacy network for products sold after payment is received
from its clients. The Pharmacy Services segment’s responsibilities under its client contracts typically
include validating eligibility and coverage levels, communicating the prescription price and the
co-payments due to the third party retail pharmacy, identifying possible adverse drug interactions for
the pharmacist to address with the prescriber prior to dispensing, suggesting generic alternatives where
clinically appropriate and approving the prescription for dispensing. Although the Pharmacy Services
segment does not have credit risk with respect to its pharmacy benefit manager operations and retail
co-payments, management believes that all of the other applicable indicators of gross revenue reporting
are present.

Drug Discounts—The Pharmacy Services segment deducts from its revenues that are generated
from prescription drugs sold by third party pharmacies any rebates, inclusive of discounts and fees,
earned by its clients. Rebates are paid to clients in accordance with the terms of client contracts.

Medicare Part D—The Pharmacy Services segment, through its EIC subsidiary, participates in the

federal government’s Medicare Part D program as a Prescription Drug Plan (‘‘PDP’’). Net revenues
include insurance premiums earned by the PDP, which are determined based on the PDP’s annual bid
and related contractual arrangements with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (‘‘CMS’’).

86

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

The insurance premiums include a direct premium paid by CMS and a beneficiary premium, which is
the responsibility of the PDP member, but is subsidized by CMS in the case of low-income members.
Premiums collected in advance are initially deferred in accrued expenses and are then recognized in net
revenues over the period in which members are entitled to receive benefits.

The Pharmacy Services segment records estimates of various assets and liabilities arising from its

participation in the Medicare Part D program based on information in its claims management and
enrollment systems. Significant estimates arising from its participation in the Medicare Part D program
include: (i) estimates of low-income cost subsidy, reinsurance amounts and coverage gap discount
amounts ultimately payable to or receivable from CMS based on a detailed claims reconciliation, (ii) an
estimate of amounts receivable from CMS under a risk-sharing feature of the Medicare Part D
program design, referred to as the risk corridor and (iii) estimates for claims that have been reported
and are in the process of being paid or contested. Actual amounts of Medicare Part D-related assets
and liabilities could differ significantly from amounts recorded. Historically, the effect of these
adjustments has not been material to our results of operations or financial position.

See Note 21 for additional information about the revenues of the Company’s business segments.

Cost of Revenues

Retail Pharmacy Segment

Cost of revenues for the Retail Pharmacy segment includes the following: the cost of inventory

sold during the period, including related vendor rebates and allowances, LIFO credit or charges, costs
incurred to return merchandise to vendors, inventory shrink, purchasing costs and warehousing costs,
which include inbound freight costs from the vendor, distribution payroll and benefit costs, distribution
center occupancy costs and depreciation expense and delivery expenses to the stores.

Pharmacy Services Segment

The Pharmacy Services segment’s cost of revenues includes the cost of prescription drugs sold

during the reporting period indirectly through its retail pharmacy network and directly through its mail
service dispensing pharmacy. The cost of prescription drugs sold component of cost of revenues
includes: (i) the cost of the prescription drugs purchased from manufacturers or distributors and
shipped to members in clients’ benefit plans from the Pharmacy Services segment’s mail service
dispensing pharmacy, net of any volume-related or other discounts (see ‘‘Vendor allowances and
purchase discounts’’ below) and (ii) the cost of prescription drugs sold through the Pharmacy Services
segment’s retail pharmacy network under contracts where it is the principal, net of any volume-related
or other discounts.

See Note 21 for additional information about the cost of revenues of the Company’s business

segments.

87

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Vendor Rebates and Allowances and Purchase Discounts

Retail Pharmacy Segment

The Retail Pharmacy segment rebates and allowances received from vendors relate to either

buying and merchandising or promoting the product. Buying and merchandising related rebates and
allowances are recorded as a reduction of cost of revenue as product is sold. Buying and merchandising
rebates and allowances include all types of vendor programs such as cash discounts from timely
payment of invoices, purchase discounts or rebates, volume purchase allowances, price reduction
allowances and slotting allowances. Certain product promotion related rebates and allowances,
primarily related to advertising, are recorded as a reduction in selling, general and administrative
expenses when the advertising commitment has been satisfied.

Pharmacy Services Segment

The Pharmacy Services segment receives purchase discounts on products purchased. The Pharmacy

Services segment’s contractual arrangements with vendors, including manufacturers, wholesalers and
retail pharmacies, normally provide for the Pharmacy Services segment to receive purchase discounts
from established list prices in one, or a combination, of the following forms: (i) a direct discount at the
time of purchase, or (ii) a discount (or rebate) paid subsequent to dispensing when products are
purchased indirectly from a manufacturer (e.g., through a wholesaler or retail pharmacy). These rebates
are recognized when prescriptions are dispensed and are generally billed to manufacturers within
30 days of the end of each completed quarter. Historically, the effect of adjustments resulting from the
reconciliation of rebates recognized to the amounts billed and collected has not been material to the
Pharmacy Services segment’s results of operations. The Pharmacy Services segment accounts for the
effect of any such differences as a change in accounting estimate in the period the reconciliation is
completed. The Pharmacy Services segment also receives additional discounts under its wholesaler
contracts and fees from pharmaceutical manufacturers for administrative services. Purchase discounts
and administrative service fees are recorded as a reduction of cost of revenues.

Reinsurance

To minimize risk and statutory capital requirements, EIC enters into quota share reinsurance

agreements with unaffiliated reinsurers whereby they assume a quota share percentage of the
company’s Medicare Part D program. The net revenue and net cost of revenue for EIC has been
reduced by the amounts ceded to reinsurers under these agreements. EIC does not have a reinsurance
agreement in place for calender 2018.

Rent

The Company records rent expense on operating leases on a straight-line basis over the minimum
lease term. The Company begins to record rent expense at the time that the Company has the right to
use the property. From time to time, the Company receives incentive payments from landlords that
subsidize lease improvement construction. These leasehold incentives are deferred and recognized on a
straight-line basis over the minimum lease term.

88

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses include store and corporate administrative payroll and
benefit costs, occupancy costs which include retail store and corporate rent costs, facility and leasehold
improvement depreciation and utility costs, advertising, repair and maintenance, insurance, equipment
depreciation and professional fees.

Repairs and Maintenance

Routine repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Improvements and major

repairs, which extend the useful life of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated.

Advertising

Advertising costs, net of specific vendor advertising allowances, are expensed in the period the
advertisement first takes place. Advertising expenses, net of vendor advertising allowances, for fiscal
2018, 2017 and 2016 were $161,826, $181,438 and $191,534, respectively.

Insurance

The Company is self-insured for certain general liability and workers’ compensation claims. For

claims that are self-insured, stop-loss insurance coverage is maintained for workers’ compensation
occurrences exceeding $1,000 and general liability occurrences exceeding $3,000. The Company utilizes
actuarial studies as the basis for developing reported claims and estimating claims incurred but not
reported relating to the Company’s self-insurance. Workers’ compensation claims are discounted to
present value using a risk-free interest rate.

Benefit Plan Accruals

The Company has several defined benefit plans, under which participants earn a retirement benefit
based upon a formula set forth in the plan. The Company records expense related to these plans using
actuarially determined amounts that are calculated under the provisions of ASC 715, ‘‘Compensation—
Retirement Benefits.’’ Key assumptions used in the actuarial valuations include the discount rate, the
expected rate of return on plan assets and the rate of increase in future compensation levels.

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company has several stock option plans, which are described in detail in Note 17. The

Company accounts for stock-based compensation under ASC 718, ‘‘Compensation—Stock
Compensation.’’ The Company recognizes option expense over the requisite service period of the
award, net of an estimate for the impact of award forfeitures.

Store Pre-opening Expenses

Costs incurred prior to the opening of a new or relocated store, associated with a remodeled store

or related to the opening of a distribution facility are charged against earnings when incurred.

89

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Litigation Reserves

The Company is involved in litigation on an ongoing basis. The Company accrues its best estimate
of the probable loss related to legal claims. Such estimates are developed in consultation with in-house
counsel, and are based upon a combination of litigation and settlement strategies.

Facility Closing Costs and Lease Exit Charges

When a store or distribution center is closed, the Company records an expense for unrecoverable
costs and accrues a liability equal to the present value at current credit adjusted risk-free interest rates
of the remaining lease obligations and anticipated ancillary occupancy costs, net of estimated sublease
income. Other store or distribution center closing and liquidation costs are expensed when incurred.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and

tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax expense (benefit) represents the change during
the reporting period in the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, net of the effect of
acquisitions and dispositions. Deferred tax assets include tax loss and credit carryforwards and are
reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to
period are included in the tax provision in the period of change.

The Company has net operating loss (‘‘NOL’’) carryforwards that can be utilized to offset future
income for federal and state tax purposes. These NOLs generate a significant deferred tax asset. The
Company regularly reviews the deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability,
projected taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax
planning strategies.

The Company recognizes tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, ‘‘Income Taxes’’ and the

Company adjusts these liabilities with changes in judgment as a result of the evaluation of new
information not previously available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate
resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax
liabilities.

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the ‘‘Tax Act’’), enacted on December 22, 2017, among other things,
permanently lowered the statutory federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective for tax years
including or beginning January 1, 2018. Under the guidance of ASC 740, ‘‘Income Taxes’’ (‘‘ASC 740’’),
the Company re-measured its net deferred tax assets on the date of enactment based on the reduction
in the overall future tax benefit expected to be realized at the lower tax rate implemented by the new
legislation. Although in the normal course of business the Company is required to make estimates and
assumptions for certain tax items which cannot be fully determined at period end, the Company did not
identify items for which the income tax effects of the Tax Act have not been completed as of March 3,
2018 and, therefore, considers its accounting for the tax effects of the Tax Act on its deferred tax assets
and liabilities to be complete as of March 3, 2018.

90

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Sales Tax Collected

Sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to various governmental agencies are presented

on a net basis (excluded from revenues) in the Company’s statement of operations.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally

accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Significant Concentrations

Retail Pharmacy Segment

The Company’s pharmacy sales were primarily to customers covered by health plan contracts,

which typically contract with a third party payor that agrees to pay for all or a portion of a customer’s
eligible prescription purchases. During fiscal 2018, the top five third party payors accounted for
approximately 78.6% of the Company’s pharmacy sales. The largest third party payor, Caremark,
represented 27.2% of pharmacy sales during fiscal 2018. The largest third party payor during fiscal 2017
and fiscal 2016, Express Scripts, represented 26.0% and 27.1% of pharmacy sales, respectively. Third
party payors are entities such as an insurance company, governmental agency, health maintenance
organization or other managed care provider, and typically represent several health care contracts and
customers.

During fiscal 2018, state sponsored Medicaid agencies and related managed care Medicaid payors

accounted for approximately 20.4% of the Company’s pharmacy sales, the largest of which was
approximately 1.9% of the Company’s pharmacy sales. During fiscal 2018, approximately 34.1% of the
Company’s pharmacy sales were to customers covered by Medicare Part D. Any significant loss of
third- party payor business could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and results
of operations.

During fiscal 2018, the Company purchased brand and generic pharmaceuticals, which amounted

to approximately 97.8% of the dollar volume of its prescription drugs from McKesson Corporation
‘‘McKesson’’ under its expanded five-year agreement executed on February 17, 2014 for pharmaceutical
purchasing and distribution (our ‘‘Purchasing and Delivery Agreement’’) whereby McKesson assumed
responsibility for purchasing essential all of the brand and generic medications the Company dispenses
as well as providing a new direct store delivery model to all of the Company’s stores. If the Company’s
relationship with McKesson was disrupted, it could temporarily have difficulty filling prescriptions for
brand-named and generic drugs until it executed a replacement wholesaler agreement or developed and
implemented self- distribution processes.

91

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

Pharmacy Services Segment

The Pharmacy Services segment, through its EIC subsidiary, participates in the federal

government’s Medicare Part D program as a PDP. During fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, net
revenues of $203,361 (1.0% of consolidated revenues), $223,077 (1.0% of consolidated revenues) and
$162,620 (0.8% of consolidated revenues), respectively, include insurance premiums earned by the PDP,
which are determined based on the PDP’s annual bid and related contractual arrangements with CMS.
EIC had previously entered into a quota share reinsurance agreement with Swiss Re Life & Health

America Inc. (‘‘Swiss Re’’) whereby they assume a quota share percentage of the company’s Medicare
Part D program. Fifty percent of the net revenue and net cost of revenue for EIC has been ceded to
Swiss Re under this agreement. EIC does not have a reinsurance agreement in place for calendar 2018.

Derivatives

The Company may enter into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the exposure to increasing

rates with respect to its variable rate debt, when the Company deems it prudent to do so. Upon
inception of interest rate swap agreements, or modifications thereto, the Company performs a
comprehensive review of the interest rate swap agreements based on the criteria as provided by
ASC 815, ‘‘Derivatives and Hedging.’’ As of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, the Company had no
interest rate swap arrangements or other derivatives.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation,

(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends the accounting
for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees in ASC Topic 718, Compensation—Stock
Compensation. The new guidance eliminates the accounting for any excess tax benefits and deficiencies
through equity and requires all excess tax benefits and deficiencies related to employee share-based
compensation arrangements to be recorded in the income statement. This aspect of the new guidance is
required to be applied prospectively. The new guidance also requires (i.) the presentation of excess tax
benefits on the statement of cash flows as an operating activity rather than a financing activity, a
change which may be applied prospectively or retrospectively and (ii.) the presentation of employee
taxes paid when an employer withholds shares for tax withholding purposes on the statement of cash
flows as a financing activity, a change which must be applied retrospectively. The new guidance further
provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than utilizing the
estimated amount of forfeitures at the time of issuance. The Company adopted this new guidance
effective March 5, 2017. The primary impact of adoption was (i.) the modified retrospective recognition
of the cumulative amount of previously unrecognized excess tax benefits as an opening balance sheet
adjustment and (ii.) the recognition of excess tax benefits in the income statement on a prospective
basis, rather than equity. As a result, the Company (i.) increased the deferred tax asset and reduced
accumulated deficit by $11,729 as of the beginning of the fifty-two weeks ended March 3, 2018, and
(ii.) the Company recognized a discrete income tax expense of $10,590 in income tax expense for the
fifty-two weeks ended March 3, 2018. The Company also elected to adopt the cash flow presentation of

92

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

the excess tax benefits prospectively commencing in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The retrospective
application of cash paid on employees’ behalf related to shares withheld for tax purposes resulted in an
increase to ‘‘Net cash provided by operating activities’’ and a decrease to ‘‘Net cash provided by
financing activities’’ of $6,254 and $17,506 for the fifty-three weeks ended March 4, 2017 and the fifty
two weeks ended February 27, 2016, respectively. The Company’s stock-based compensation expense
continues to reflect estimated forfeitures. None of the other provisions in this new guidance had a
material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements.

In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive
Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income. This guidance concerns the income tax effects of items in accumulated other comprehensive
income (‘‘AOCI’’) that were originally recognized in other comprehensive income, rather than in
income from continuing operations. The new guidance allows for a reclassification from AOCI to
retained earnings for the amount of deferred taxes caused by the reduction in the corporate income tax
rate following the U.S. tax law changes enacted in December 2017. The Company adopted this new
guidance during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 and applied the changes retrospectively. As a result
the Company recorded a $513 increase to comprehensive income and a corresponding decrease to
accumulated deficit.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other, (Topic 350):
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which is intended to simplify the subsequent measurement
and impairment of goodwill. The ASU simplifies the complexity of evaluating goodwill for impairment
by eliminating the second step of the impairment test, which compares the implied fair value of a
reporting unit’s goodwill to the carrying amount of that goodwill. Instead, the ASU requires entities to
compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount in order to determine the amount of
goodwill impairment recognized. ASU No. 2017-04 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those years beginning after December 15, 2019 (fiscal 2020). Early adoption of all the
amendments for ASU 2017-04 is permitted. Amendments must be applied prospectively. The Company
adopted ASU 2017-04 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. See Note 13.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).
ASU 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive model for companies to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance,
including industry-specific guidance. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, ‘‘Principal Versus
Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross Versus Net),’’ which amends the principal-versus-
agent implementation guidance and in April 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, ‘‘Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing,’’ which amends the guidance in those areas in the new revenue
recognition standard. These ASU’s were issued in response to feedback received from the
FASB-International Accounting Standards Board joint revenue recognition transition resource group.
The new revenue standard is effective for annual reporting periods (including interim reporting periods
within those periods) beginning January 1, 2018.

93

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)

The Company has substantially completed the evaluation of the new revenue standard and does

not expect the implementation of the standard will have a material effect on the Company’s
consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The new standard will however
require more extensive revenue-related disclosures. The Company has identified one difference in its
Retail Pharmacy Segment related to the timing of revenue recognition for third party prescription
revenues, which is currently recognized at the time that the prescription is filled. Under the new
standard, this revenue will be recognized at the time the customer takes possession of the merchandise.
The Company also identified one difference on its Pharmacy Services Segment related to the
recognition of revenues under one specific rebate administration program which is currently recognized
as revenues and cost of sales. Under the new standard, the Company is no longer determined to be
acting as the principal for this contract and revenues will need to be recorded on a net basis. Total
revenues reported under this contract in Fiscal 2018 were $123,500. On March 4, 2018, the Company
adopted the new revenue standard on a modified retrospective basis and recorded a transition
adjustment to increase accumulated deficit as of March 4, 2018 by approximately $8,000.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases, (Topic 842), which is intended to

improve financial reporting around leasing transactions. The ASU affects all companies and other
organizations that engage in lease transactions (both lessee and lessor) that lease assets such as real
estate and manufacturing equipment. This ASU will require organizations that lease assets—referred to
as ‘‘leases’’—to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations
created by those leases. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
years beginning January 1, 2019 (fiscal 2020). On January 5, 2018 the FASB issued an exposure draft
amending certain aspects of the new leasing standard. The proposed amendments include a provision
to allow entities to elect not to restate comparative periods in the period of adoption when
transitioning to the new standard and instead allow a modified retrospective approach. The Company
believes that the new standard will have a material impact on its financial position. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact this standard implementation will have on its results of operations and
cash flows.

2. Acquisition

On June 24, 2015, the Company acquired TPG VI Envision BL, LLC and Envision Topco

Holdings, LLC (‘‘EnvisionRx’’), pursuant to the terms of an agreement (‘‘Agreement’’) dated
February 10, 2015 (the ‘‘Acquisition’’). EnvisionRx, which has been rebranded as EnvisionRxOptions
(‘‘EnvisionRx’’ or ‘‘EnvisionRxOptions’’), is a full-service pharmacy services provider. EnvisionRx
provides both transparent and traditional pharmacy benefit manager (‘‘PBM’’) service options through
its EnvisionRx and MedTrak PBMs, respectively. EnvisionRx also offers fully integrated mail-order and
specialty pharmacy services through EnvisionPharmacies; access to the nation’s largest cash pay
infertility discount drug program via Design Rx; an innovative claims adjudication software platform in
Laker Software; and a national Medicare Part D prescription drug plan through Envision Insurance
Company’s (‘‘EIC’’) EnvisionRx Plus Silver product for the low income auto-assign market and its
Clear Choice product for the chooser market. EnvisionRx is headquartered in Twinsburg, Ohio and
operates as a 100 percent owned subsidiary of the Company.

94

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2. Acquisition (Continued)

Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, as consideration for the Acquisition, the Company paid

$1,882,211 in cash and issued 27,754 shares of Rite Aid common stock. The Company financed the
cash portion of the Acquisition with borrowings under its Amended and Restated Senior Secured
Revolving Credit Facility, and the net proceeds from the April 2, 2015 issuance of $1,800,000 aggregate
principal amount of 6.125% senior notes due 2023 (the ‘‘6.125% Notes’’). The consideration associated
with the common stock was $240,907 based on a stock price of $8.68 per share, representing the closing
price of the Company’s common stock on the closing date of the Acquisition.

The Company’s consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 include EnvisionRx

results of operations. The Company’s consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2016 includes
EnvisionRx results of operations from the Acquisition date of June 24, 2015 through February 27, 2016
(please see Note 21 Segment Reporting for the Pharmacy Services segment results included within the
consolidated financial statements for the fifty-two week period ended March 3, 2018, fifty-three week
period ended March 4, 2017 and the fifty-two week period ended February 27, 2016, which reflects the
results of EnvisionRx). The Company’s consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase
accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 ‘‘Business Combinations’’, whereby the purchase
price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values
on the Acquisition date.

95

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2. Acquisition (Continued)

During fiscal 2017, the Company finalized the valuation of the identifiable assets acquired and the

liabilities assumed. The following is the allocation of the purchase price:

Final purchase price
Cash consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Final purchase price allocation
Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property and equipment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reinsurance funds held . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other current liabilities(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other long term liabilities(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities assumed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$1,882,211
240,907
$2,123,118

$ 103,834
892,678
7,276
13,386
1,017,174
13,196
646,600
1,639,355
7,219
3,323,544
491,672
381,225
215,770
1,088,667
111,759
1,200,426
$2,123,118

(1) Intangible assets are recorded at estimated fair value, as determined by management

based on available information which includes a final valuation prepared by an
independent third party. The fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets were
determined through the use of the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty
and the multi-period excess earnings methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at
the estimated identifiable intangible asset values included management’s estimates of
future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate rate of return which are based on the
weighted average cost of capital for both the Company and other market participants,
projected customer attrition rates, as well as applicable royalty rates for comparable
assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining
useful economic lives of the intangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or

96

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2. Acquisition (Continued)

indirectly to future cash flows. The estimated fair value of intangible assets and related
useful lives as included in the final purchase price allocation include:

Estimated
Estimated Useful Life
Fair Value
(In Years)
17
Customer relationships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $465,000
CMS license . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
57,500
25
Claims adjudication and other developed

software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Trademarks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $646,600

7
59,000
10
20,100
11,500
3
33,500 Indefinite

(2) Other current liabilities includes $116,057 due to TPG under the terms of the Agreement,
representing the amounts due to EnvisionRx from CMS, less corresponding amounts due
to various reinsurance providers under certain reinsurance programs, for CMS activities
that relate to the year ended December 31, 2014. This liability was satisfied with a
payment to TPG on November 5, 2015.

(3) Primarily relates to deferred tax liabilities.

The above goodwill represents future economic benefits expected to be recognized from the
Company’s expansion into the pharmacy services market, as well as expected future synergies and
operating efficiencies from combining operations with EnvisionRx. Goodwill resulting from the
Acquisition of $1,639,355 has been allocated to the Pharmacy Services segment of which $1,368,657 is
deductible for tax purposes.

During fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, acquisition costs of $0, $6 and $27,402, respectively, were

expensed as incurred. The following unaudited pro forma combined financial data gives effect to the
Acquisition as if it had occurred as of March 1, 2014.

These unaudited pro forma combined results have been prepared by combining the historical
results of the Company and historical results of EnvisionRx. The unaudited pro forma combined
financial data for all periods presented were adjusted to give effect to pro forma events that 1) are
directly attributable to the aforementioned transaction, 2) factually supportable, and 3) expected to
have a continuing impact on the consolidated results of operations. Specifically, these adjustments
reflect:

(cid:129) Incremental interest expense relating to the $1,800,000 6.125% Notes issued on April 2, 2015,

the net proceeds of which were used to finance the cash portion of the Acquisition.

(cid:129) Incremental amortization resulting from increased fair value of the identifiable intangible assets

as noted in the final purchase price allocation.

97

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2. Acquisition (Continued)

(cid:129) Removal of costs incurred in connection with the Acquisition by both the Company and

EnvisionRx, including bridge loan commitment fees of $15,375.

(cid:129) Removal of interest expense incurred by EnvisionRx as the underlying debt was repaid upon the

acquisition date.

(cid:129) Removal of debt extinguishment charges incurred by EnvisionRx.
(cid:129) Inclusion of the 27,754 shares of Rite Aid common stock issued to fund the stock portion of the

purchase price in the basic and diluted share calculation.

The unaudited pro forma combined information is not necessarily indicative of what the combined
company’s results actually would have been had the Acquisition been completed as of the beginning of
the periods as indicated. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined information does not purport
to project the future results of the combined company.

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)
Pro forma

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)
Pro forma

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)
Pro forma

EnvisionRx revenue, prior to the acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less pre-acquisition intercompany revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net revenues as reported . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $21,528,968 $22,927,540 $20,770,237
— 1,735,635
— (103,363)
Pro forma combined revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $21,528,968 $22,927,540 $22,402,509
165,465

Net income as reported . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

943,470 $

4,053 $

—
—

EnvisionRx net (loss) income before income taxes, prior to the
acquisition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Incremental interest expense on the 6.125% Notes issued on
April 2, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Incremental amortization resulting from fair value

adjustments of the identifiable intangible assets . . . . . . . .

Transaction costs incurred by both the Company and

EnvisionRx . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense incurred by EnvisionRx . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt extinguishment charges incurred by EnvisionRx . . . . . .
Income tax expense relating to pro forma adjustments . . . . .

—

—

—

—
—
—
—

Pro forma net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pro forma net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . $ (349,532) $
Basic (loss) income per share:

943,470 $

1,293,002

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net basic income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(0.33) $
1.23
0.90 $

98

—

—

—

—
—
—
—

4,053 $

(27)

4,080 $

0.00 $
(0.00)
0.00 $

(45,307)

(11,097)

(14,297)

56,194
21,984
31,601
(15,866)
188,677
63,377
125,300

0.12
0.06
0.18

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

2. Acquisition (Continued)

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)
Pro forma

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)
Pro forma

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)
Pro forma

Diluted (loss) income per share:

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net diluted income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(0.33) $
1.23
0.90 $

0.00 $
(0.00)
0.00 $

0.12
0.06
0.18

The unaudited pro forma combined financial information for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 is identical

to the actual results reported by the Company because EnvisionRx results were included in the
consolidated operations of the Company for the entire period.

3. Merger Agreement

Agreement and Plan of Merger

On February 18, 2018, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ‘‘Merger

Agreement’’) with Albertsons Companies, Inc. (‘‘Albertsons’’), Ranch Acquisition II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Albertsons (‘‘Merger Sub II’’), and
Ranch Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Merger
Sub II (‘‘Merger Sub’’ and, together with Merger Sub II, the ‘‘Merger Subs’’). Pursuant to the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, (i) Merger Sub will merge with and
into the Company (the ‘‘Merger’’), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned direct
subsidiary of Merger Sub II (the ‘‘Surviving Corporation’’), and (ii) immediately following the Merger,
the Surviving Corporation will merge with and into Merger Sub II (the ‘‘Subsequent Merger’’ and,
together with the Merger, the ‘‘Mergers’’), with Merger Sub II surviving the Subsequent Merger as a
wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Albertsons (the ‘‘Surviving Company’’).

At the effective time of the Merger (the ‘‘Effective Time’’), each share of Rite Aid common stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Rite Aid common
stock owned by Albertsons, Merger Sub or the Company (including treasury stock held by the
Company), which will be cancelled) will be converted into the right to receive and become
exchangeable for 0.1000 (the ‘‘Base Exchange Ratio’’) of a fully paid and nonassessable share of
Albertsons common stock, par value $0.01 per share (‘‘Albertsons Common Stock’’) (the ‘‘Base
Consideration’’), without interest, plus, at the election of the holder of Rite Aid common stock, either
(i) an amount in cash equal to $0.1832 per share (the ‘‘Additional Cash Consideration’’ and, together
with the Base Consideration, the ‘‘Cash Election Consideration’’), without interest, or (ii) 0.0079 (the
‘‘Additional Stock Election Exchange Ratio’’ and, together with the Base Exchange Ratio, the ‘‘Stock
Election Exchange Ratio’’) of a fully paid and nonassessable share of Albertsons Common Stock (the
‘‘Additional Stock Consideration’’ and, together with the Base Consideration, the ‘‘Stock Election
Consideration’’).

99

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

3. Merger Agreement (Continued)

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each option to purchase
Rite Aid common stock granted under any Company stock plan that is outstanding and unexercised
immediately prior to the Effective Time (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid Stock Option’’), whether or not then vested
or exercisable, will be assumed by Albertsons and will be converted into a stock option to acquire a
number of shares of Albertsons Common Stock (an ‘‘Albertsons Stock Option’’), on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time
(but taking into account any changes thereto provided for in the Merger Agreement), equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid Stock Option
immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by (ii) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares after aggregating each individual holder’s
Rite Aid Stock Options with the same exercise price. The exercise price per share of Albertsons
Common Stock subject to each such Albertsons Stock Option will be an amount (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient of (A) the excess of (x) the per share exercise price of such
Rite Aid Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time over (y) the Additional Cash
Consideration divided by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio.

Except as described below for a current or former non-employee director, consultant, employee or
other service provider of the Company who is not a continuing employee or continuing service provider
after the Effective Time (each, a ‘‘Former Service Provider’’), subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding time- or performance-vesting restricted stock unit
granted under any Company stock plan (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid RSU’’), whether or not then vested, will be
assumed by Albertsons and will be converted into a restricted stock unit award (an ‘‘Albertsons RSU’’),
on the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including settlement in cash with respect to any Rite Aid RSU that by its terms
provides for settlement in cash and settlement in Albertsons Common Stock with respect to any Rite
Aid RSU that by its terms provides for settlement in Rite Aid common stock), relating to the number
of shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of Rite Aid RSUs held
by the holder thereof immediately prior to the Effective Time, assuming achievement of any applicable
performance metrics at the target level of achievement, multiplied by (ii) the Stock Election Exchange
Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares.

Except as described below for Former Service Providers, subject to the terms of the Merger

Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding restricted share award granted under any Company
stock plan (each, a ‘‘Rite Aid RSA’’), whether or not then vested, will be assumed by Albertsons and
will be converted into a restricted share award (each, an ‘‘Albertsons RSA’’) on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable to such Rite Aid RSA immediately prior to the Effective Time (but
taking into account any changes thereto provided for in the Merger Agreement), relating to the
number of shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of
Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA multiplied by (ii) the Base Exchange Ratio, with
any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares, plus, a number of shares of
Albertsons Common Stock or an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number of shares of
Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA immediately prior to the Effective Time

100

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

3. Merger Agreement (Continued)

multiplied by (Y) the Additional Stock Consideration or the Additional Cash Consideration, as elected
by the holder of such Rite Aid RSA.

Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, with respect to each Rite Aid RSA and Rite Aid
RSU held by a Former Service Provider, (i) the vesting will be fully accelerated at the Effective Time
(and all restrictions thereupon will lapse), and (ii) subject to deduction and withholding rights, in
respect of such outstanding Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU, such Former Service Provider will be
entitled to receive that number of whole shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of
(A) the number of shares of Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU
immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics
at the target level of achievement) multiplied by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares, plus, a number of shares of Albertsons
Common Stock or an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number of shares of Rite Aid
common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSA or Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time
(assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target level of achievement)
multiplied by (Y) the Additional Stock Consideration or the Additional Cash Consideration, as elected
by the holder of such Rite Aid RSA and Rite Aid RSU, except, with respect to any Rite Aid RSU that
by its terms provides for settlement in cash, the Former Service Provider will be entitled to receive the
cash value of the number of whole shares of Albertsons Common Stock equal to the product of
(A) the number of shares of Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSU immediately prior
to the Effective Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target level
of achievement) multiplied by (B) the Base Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the
nearest whole number of shares, plus, an amount in cash equal to the product of (X) the number of
shares of Rite Aid common stock subject to such Rite Aid RSU immediately prior to the Effective
Time (assuming achievement of any applicable performance metrics at the target level of achievement)
multiplied by (Y) the Additional Cash Consideration (for the avoidance of doubt, the holder will not
have the right to elect Additional Stock Consideration).

Consummation of the Merger is subject to various closing conditions, including but not limited to

(i) approval of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our
common stock entitled to vote on the Merger, (ii) the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the ‘‘HSR Act’’)
(which condition was satisfied on March 28, 2018), (iii) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the
Merger, (iv) the absence of a material adverse effect on the Company and Albertsons, in each case, as
defined in the Merger Agreement, (v) approval for listing, on the NYSE, of the shares of Albertsons
Common Stock to be issued in the Merger and to be reserved for issuance in connection with the
Merger, (vi) Albertsons’s registration statement on Form S-4 shall have become effective under the
Securities Act, and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order,
(vii) approval of the Ohio Department of Insurance for the change of control of EIC, and
(viii) Albertsons shall have delivered the Company a Lock-Up Agreement, No Action Agreement and
Standstill Agreement, in each case, in the form agreed to by the parties to the Merger Agreement.

The parties to the Merger Agreement have each made customary representations and warranties.

The parties to the Merger Agreement have each agreed to various covenants and agreements,

101

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

3. Merger Agreement (Continued)

including, among others, (i) each party’s agreement to conduct its business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice during the period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and
the closing of the Merger, (ii) the Company’s agreement to not solicit proposals relating to alternative
transactions to the Merger or engage in discussions or negotiations with respect thereto, subject to
certain exceptions, (iii) Albertsons’s covenant to agree to the sale, divestiture or disposition of any
assets of the Company that do not exceed $45 million in retail four-wall EBITDA if necessary or
advisable in order to obtain antitrust approval of the Merger, and (iv) Albertsons’s agreement to use
reasonable best efforts to arrange and obtain the debt financing contemplated by the debt commitment
letter executed in connection with the Merger Agreement, or such alternative financing as
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

On February 18, 2018, in connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a
standstill agreement (the ‘‘Standstill Agreement’’) with Albertsons and Cerberus, pursuant to which
Cerberus has agreed not to: (i) purchase shares of Albertsons Common Stock or other securities issued
by Albertsons, except Cerberus may acquire beneficial ownership of Albertsons Common Stock
provided that such beneficial ownership does not result in ownership of 30% or more of the issued and
outstanding shares of Albertsons Common Stock in the aggregate following such transaction, (ii) make
any public statement or public disclosure regarding any intent, purpose, plan or proposal by Cerberus
or any of its controlled affiliates to the composition of the Albertsons board of directors, any merger,
consolidation or acquisition of Albertsons or its subsidiaries, (iii) engage in any solicitation of proxies
or otherwise solicit the stockholders of Albertsons or (iv) enter into any agreements to make any
investment with any person that engages or offers or proposes to engage in any of (i) through
(iii) during the standstill period. The standstill period commences at the Effective Time and terminates
upon the earliest to occur of (a) thirty days following the date that Cerberus does not have any of its
designees on the Albertsons board of directors, (b) the date on which Cerberus no longer has the right
to appoint (and has not appointed) at least one director to the Albertsons board of directors and
(c) the date on which Albertsons materially breaches or takes any action challenging the validity or
enforceability of the provisions of the merger agreement that grant Cerberus certain rights to appoint
directors to the Albertsons board of directors. In addition, pursuant to the Standstill Agreement, from
February 18, 2018 until the Effective Time, Cerberus has agreed not to acquire or agree to acquire
beneficial ownership of any shares of Albertsons Common Stock, Rite Aid common stock or other
securities or debt issued by Albertsons or Rite Aid that would result in beneficial ownership of 30% or
more of the issued and outstanding shares of Albertsons Common Stock at the Effective Time
(assuming for the purposes of such calculation that the Effective Time occurred immediately after such
acquisition).

4. Asset Sale to WBA

Termination of Merger Agreement with WBA

On June 28, 2017, the Company, WBA and Victoria Merger Sub, Inc. entered into a Termination
Agreement (the ‘‘Merger Termination Agreement’’), under which the parties agreed to terminate the
Merger Agreement. The Merger Termination Agreement provides that WBA would pay to the
Company a termination fee in the amount of $325,000, which was received on June 30, 2017.

102

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

4. Asset Sale to WBA (Continued)

Entry Into Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement with WBA

On September 18, 2017, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase

Agreement (the ‘‘Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement’’, with WBA and Walgreen Co., an
Illinois corporation and wholly owned direct subsidiary of WBA (‘‘Buyer’’), which amended and
restated in its entirety the previously disclosed Asset Purchase Agreement (the ‘‘Original APA’’), dated
as of June 28, 2017, by and among the Company, WBA and Buyer. Pursuant to the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, Buyer will
purchase from the Company 1,932 stores (the ‘‘Acquired Stores’’), three (3) distribution centers, related
inventory and other specified assets and liabilities related thereto (collectively the ‘‘Assets to be Sold’’
or ‘‘Disposal Group’’) for a purchase price of approximately $4,375,000, on a cash-free, debt-free basis
(the ‘‘Sale’’).

The Company announced on September 19, 2017 that the waiting period under the HSR Act,

expired with respect to the Sale. On November 27, 2017, the Company announced that it had
completed the pilot closing and first subsequent closings under the Amended and Restated Asset
Purchase Agreement, resulting in the transfer of 97 Rite Aid stores and related assets to the Buyer. As
of March 3, 2018, the Company has sold 1,651 stores and related assets to WBA in exchange for
proceeds of $3,553,486, which were used to repay outstanding debt. As of March 27, 2018, the
Company has completed the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets have been
transferred to WBA and the Company has received cash proceeds of $4,156,686. The transfer of the
three distribution centers and related inventory is expected to begin after September 1, 2018. The
majority of the closing conditions have been satisfied, and the transfer of the three distribution centers
and related assets remain subject to minimal customary closing conditions applicable only to the
distribution centers being transferred at such distribution center closings, as specified in the Amended
and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement.

The parties to the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement have each made customary

representations and warranties. The Company has agreed to various covenants and agreements,
including, among others, the Company’s agreement to conduct its business at the distribution centers
being sold to WBA in the ordinary course during the period between the execution of the Amended
and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement and the distribution center closing. The Company has also
agreed to provide transition services to Buyer for up to three (3) years after the initial closing of the
Sale. Under the terms of the TSA, the Company provides various services on behalf of WBA, including
but not limited to the purchase and distribution of inventory and virtually all selling, general and
administrative activities. In connection with these services, the Company purchases the related
inventory and incurs cash payments for the selling, general and administrative activities, which, the
Company bills on a cash neutral basis to WBA in accordance with terms as outlined in the TSA. Total
billings for these items from the initial closing through March 3, 2018 were $725,190, of which $354,321
is included in Accounts receivable, net. The Company has charged WBA TSA fees of $8,422 from the
initial closing through March 3, 2018 which are reflected as a reduction to selling, general and
administrative expenses.

103

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

4. Asset Sale to WBA (Continued)

Albertsons is obligated to assume the Company’s remaining obligations under the TSA. Under the

terms of the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company has the option to
purchase pharmaceutical drugs through an affiliate of WBA under terms, including cost, that are
substantially equivalent to Walgreen’s for a period of ten (10) years, subject to certain terms and
conditions.

Divestiture of the Assets to be Sold

Through March 3, 2018, the Company announced that it had sold 1,651 of the 1,932 stores for

$3,553,486, which the Company used to reduce its outstanding indebtedness. The Company estimates
that the total pre-tax gain on the Sale will be approximately $2,500,000. As of March 27, 2018, the
Company has completed the store transfer process, and all 1,932 stores and related assets have been
transferred to WBA and the Company has received cash proceeds of $4,156,686. The transfer of the
three distribution centers and related inventory is expected to begin after September 1, 2018. The
majority of the closing conditions have been satisfied, and the transfer of the three distribution centers
and related assets remain subject to minimal customary closing conditions applicable only to the
distribution centers being transferred at such distribution center closing, as specified in the Amended
and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement.

Based on its magnitude and because the Company is exiting certain markets, the Sale represents a

significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company’s operations and financial results.
Accordingly, the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for the Sale as required by
Accounting Standards Codification 210-05—Discontinued Operations (ASC 205-20). In accordance with
ASC 205-20, the Company reclassified the Disposal Group to assets and liabilities held for sale on its
consolidated balance sheets as of the periods ended March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, and reclassified
the financial results of the Disposal Group in its consolidated statements of operations and
consolidated statements of cash flows for all periods presented. The Company also revised its
discussion and presentation of operating and financial results to be reflective of its continuing
operations as required by ASC 205-20.

104

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

4. Asset Sale to WBA (Continued)

The carrying amount of the Assets to be Sold, which were included in the Retail Pharmacy

segment, have been reclassified from their historical balance sheet presentation to current and
non-current assets and liabilities held for sale as follows:

March 3,

2018

March 4,

2017

Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current maturities of long-term lease financing obligations . .
Accrued salaries, wages and other current liabilities . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, less current maturities(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease financing obligations, less current maturities . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, less current maturities(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease financing obligations, less current maturities . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$264,286
158,433
4,629
10,789
$438,137
$

$1,047,670
—
—
—
$1,047,670
— $ 725,230
—
32,632
120,389
—
—
4,017
— $ 882,268
3,626
270
29,057
6,146
—
549,549
838
—
—
3,402
$560,205
32,683
— $4,027,400
$
6,866
—
—
23,126
— $4,057,392

$
$

$

$

$

(a) The Company had $76,124 of goodwill in its Retail Pharmacy segment resulting from the
acquisition of Health Dialog and RediClinic, which is accounted for as Retail Pharmacy
segment enterprise goodwill. The Company has allocated a portion of its Retail Pharmacy
segment enterprise goodwill to the discontinued operation.

(b) In connection with the Sale, the Company is estimating that the Sale will provide excess

cash proceeds of approximately $4,027,400 which will be used to repay outstanding
indebtedness. As such, the $4,027,400 of estimated repayment of outstanding indebtedness
has been included in liabilities held for sale as of March 4, 2017. As of March 3, 2018,
the Company repaid outstanding indebtedness of $3,135,000 with transaction proceeds
received.

105

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

4. Asset Sale to WBA (Continued)

The operating results of the discontinued operations that are reflected on the consolidated
statements of operations within net income (loss) from discontinued operations are as follows:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs and expenses:

Cost of revenues(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses(a) . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on stores sold to Walgreens Boots Alliance . . . . . . . .
(Gain) loss on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)
$ 8,686,397

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)

$10,050,049

$10,045,543

6,406,067
2,134,276
77
8,180
224,300
(2,128,832)
(377)
6,643,691

7,340,691
2,465,364
9,516
—
231,926
—
2,625
10,050,122

7,211,267
2,432,175
7,946
—
263,442
—
3,909
9,918,739

Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income

taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax . .

2,042,706
749,704
$ 1,293,002

$

(73)
46
(27) $

126,804
63,427
63,377

(a) Cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses for the discontinued operations

excludes corporate overhead. These charges are reflected in continuing operations.

(b) In accordance with ASC 205-20, the operating results for the fifty-two week period ended March 3,

2018, the fifty-three week period ended March 4, 2017, and the fifty-two week period ended
February 27, 2016 for the discontinued operations include interest expense relating to the
$4,027,400 of outstanding indebtedness expected to be repaid with the estimated excess proceeds
from the Sale.
The operating results reflected above do not fully represent the Disposal Group’s historical

operating results, as the results reported within net income from discontinued operations only include
expenses that are directly attributable to the Disposal Group.

5. (Loss) Income Per Share

Basic (loss) income per share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by

the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Diluted (loss)
income per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue

106

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

5. (Loss) Income Per Share (Continued)

common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common
stock that then shared in the income of the Company subject to anti- dilution limitations.

Basic and diluted (loss) income per share:
Numerator:

(Loss) income from continuing operations attributable to

common stockholders—basic and diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to

common stockholders—basic and diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income attributable to common stockholders—basic and diluted .
Denominator:

Basic weighted average shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding options and restricted shares, net
. . . . . . . . . .
Diluted weighted average shares . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic (loss) income per share:

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net basic income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted income (loss) per share:

Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net diluted income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)

$ (349,532) $

4,080

$ 102,088

1,293,002
$ 943,470

$

(27)
4,053

63,377
$ 165,465

1,049,628
—
1,049,628

1,044,427
16,399
1,060,826

1,024,377
17,985
1,042,362

$

$

$

$

(0.33) $
1.23
0.90

$

(0.33) $
1.23
0.90

$

0.00
(0.00)
0.00

0.00
(0.00)
0.00

$

$

$

$

0.10
0.06
0.16

0.10
0.06
0.16

Due to their antidilutive effect, 7,484, 3,200 and 3,464 potential common shares related to stock
options have been excluded from the computation of diluted income per share as of March 3, 2018,
March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016, respectively.

During May 2015, $64,089 of the Company’s 8.5% convertible notes due 2015 were converted into

24,762 shares of common stock, pursuant to their terms.

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges

Impairment Charges

The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in

circumstances indicate that an asset group has a carrying value that may not be recoverable. The
individual operating store is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. As such, the
Company evaluates individual stores for recoverability of assets. To determine if a store needs to be
tested for recoverability, the Company considers items such as decreases in market prices, changes in

107

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges (Continued)

the manner in which the store is being used or physical condition, changes in legal factors or business
climate, an accumulation of losses significantly in excess of budget, a current period operating or cash
flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection of continuing losses,
or an expectation that the store will be closed or sold.

The Company monitors new and recently relocated stores against operational projections and
other strategic factors such as regional economics, new competitive entries and other local market
considerations to determine if an impairment evaluation is required. For other stores, it performs a
recoverability analysis if it has experienced current-period and historical cash flow losses.

In performing the recoverability test, the Company compares the expected future cash flows of a
store to the carrying amount of its assets. Significant judgment is used to estimate future cash flows.
Major assumptions that contribute to its future cash flow projections include expected sales, gross
profit, and distribution expenses; expected costs such as payroll, occupancy costs and advertising
expenses; and estimates for other significant selling, and general and administrative expenses. Many
long-term macro-economic and industry factors are considered, both quantitatively and qualitatively, in
the future cash flow assumptions. In addition to current and expected economic conditions such as
inflation, interest and unemployment rates that affect customer shopping patterns, the Company
considers that it operates in a highly competitive industry which includes the actions of other national
and regional drugstore chains, independently owned drugstores, supermarkets, mass merchandisers,
dollar stores and internet pharmacies. Additionally, the Company takes into consideration that certain
operating stores are executing specific improvement plans which are monitored quarterly to recoup
recent capital investments, such as an acquisition of an independent pharmacy, which it has made to
respond to specific competitive or local market conditions, or have specific programs tailored towards a
specific geography or market.

The Company recorded impairment charges of $37,873 in fiscal 2018, $22,631 in fiscal 2017 and

$9,273 in fiscal 2016. The Company’s methodology for recording impairment charges has been
consistently applied in the periods presented.

At March 3, 2018, $1.171 billion of the Company’s long-lived assets, including intangible assets,

were associated with 2,550 active operating stores.

If an operating store’s estimated future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to cover its

carrying value, its carrying value is reduced to fair value which is its estimated future discounted cash
flows. The discount rate is commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of a similar asset.
An impairment charge is recorded in the period that the store does not meet its original return on
investment and/or has an operating loss for the last 2 years and its projected cash flows do not exceed
its current asset carrying value. The amount of the impairment charge is the entire difference between
the current asset carrying value and the estimated fair value of the assets using discounted future cash
flows. Most stores are fully impaired in the period that the impairment charge is originally recorded.
The Company recorded impairment charges for active stores of $34,782 in fiscal 2018, $20,623 in

fiscal 2017 and $8,242 in fiscal 2016.

108

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges (Continued)

The Company reviews key performance results for active stores on a quarterly basis and approves

certain stores for closure. Impairment for closed stores, if any (many stores are closed on lease
expiration), are recorded in the quarter the closure decision is approved. Closure decisions are made
on an individual store or regional basis considering all of the macro-economic, industry and other
factors, in addition to, the active store’s individual operating results. The Company recorded
impairment charges for closed facilities of $3,091 in fiscal 2018, $2,008 in fiscal 2017 and $1,031 in
fiscal 2016.

The following table summarizes the impairment charges and number of locations, segregated by

closed facilities and active stores that have been recorded in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016:

(in thousands, except number of stores)
Active stores:

Stores previously impaired(1) . . . . . . . . . . .
New, relocated and remodeled stores(2) . . .
Remaining stores not meeting the

recoverability test(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total impairment charges—active stores . . . . .
Total impairment charges—closed facilities . . .
Total impairment charges—all locations
. . . . .

March 3, 2018

March 4, 2017

Number

Charge

Number

Charge

February 27, 2016
Number
Charge

218
28

60
306
67
373

$ 7,313
13,100

14,369
34,782
3,091
$37,873

174
22

17
213
53
266

$ 5,022
13,232

2,369
20,623
2,008
$22,631

161
1

14
176
27
203

$4,582
778

2,882
8,242
1,031
$9,273

(1) These charges are related to stores that were impaired for the first time in prior periods. Most
active stores, requiring an impairment charge, are fully impaired in the first period that they do
not meet their asset recoverability test. However, we do often make capital additions to certain
stores to improve their operating results or to meet geographical competition, which if later are
deemed to be unrecoverable, will be impaired in future periods. Of this total, 215, 173 and 160
stores for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016 respectively have been fully impaired. Also included in
these charges are an insignificant number of stores, which were only partially impaired in prior
years based on our analysis that supported a reduced net book value greater than zero, but now
require additional charges.

(2) These charges are related to new stores (open at least 3 years) and relocated stores (relocated in
the last 2 years) and significant strategic remodels (remodeled in the last year) that did not meet
their recoverability test during the current period. These stores have not met their original return
on investment projections and have a historical loss of at least 2 years. Their future cash flow
projections do not recover their current carrying value. Of this total, 23, 18 and 1 stores for fiscal
years 2018, 2017 and 2016 respectively have been fully impaired.

(3) These charges are related to the remaining active stores that did not meet the recoverability test
during the current period. These stores have a historical loss of at least 2 years. Their future cash
flow projections do not recover their current carrying value. Of this total, 58, 16 and 13 stores for
fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016 respectively have been fully impaired.

109

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges (Continued)

The primary drivers of its impairment charges are each store’s current and historical operating

performance and the assumptions that the Company makes about each store’s operating performance
in future periods. Projected cash flows are updated based on the next year’s operating budget which
includes the qualitative factors noted above. The Company utilizes the three-level valuation hierarchy
for the recognition and disclosure of fair value measurements. The categorization of assets and
liabilities within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the
measurement of fair value. The three levels of the hierarchy consist of the following:

(cid:129) Level 1—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.
(cid:129) Level 2—Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
in active markets, quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable for
the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.

(cid:129) Level 3—Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable inputs based upon

management’s best estimate of inputs market participants could use in pricing the asset or
liability at the measurement date, including assumptions about risk.

Long-lived non-financial assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for purposes of
calculating impairment using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs as defined in the fair value hierarchy. The fair
value of long-lived assets using Level 2 inputs is determined by evaluating the current economic
conditions in the geographic area for similar use assets. The fair value of long-lived assets using Level 3
inputs is determined by estimating the amount and timing of net future cash flows (which are
unobservable inputs) and discounting them using a risk-adjusted rate of interest (which is Level 1). The
Company estimates future cash flows based on its experience and knowledge of the market in which
the store is located. Significant increases or decreases in actual cash flows may result in valuation
changes.

The table below sets forth by level within the fair value hierarchy the long-lived assets as of the

impairment measurement date for which an impairment assessment was performed and total losses as
of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs (Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs (Level 3)

Fair Values

Total

as of

Charges
Impairment March 3,

Date

2018

Long-lived assets held and used .
Long-lived assets held for sale . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
—
$—

$2,893
1,029
$3,922

$14,581
—
$14,581

$17,474
1,029
$18,503

$(36,752)
(1,121)
$(37,873)

110

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges (Continued)

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)

Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs (Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs (Level 3)

Fair Values

Total

as of

Charges
Impairment March 4,

Date

2017

Long-lived assets held and used .
Long-lived assets held for sale . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$—
—
$—

$ 511
1,260
$1,771

$8,866
—
$8,866

$ 9,377
1,260
$10,637

$(22,560)
(71)
$(22,631)

The above assets reflected in the caption Long-lived assets held for sale are separate and apart

from the Assets to be Sold and due to their immateriality, have not been reclassified to assets held for
sale.

Lease Termination Charges

Charges to close a store, which principally consist of continuing lease obligations, are recorded at

the time the store is closed and all inventory is liquidated, pursuant to the guidance set forth in
ASC 420, ‘‘Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.’’ The Company calculates the liability for closed stores on
a store-by-store basis. The calculation includes the discounted effect of future minimum lease payments
and related ancillary costs, from the date of closure to the end of the remaining lease term, net of
estimated cost recoveries that may be achieved through subletting or favorable lease terminations. The
Company evaluates these assumptions each quarter and adjusts the liability accordingly.

In fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded lease termination charges of $20,892, $23,147

and $31,204, respectively. These charges related to changes in future assumptions, interest accretion
and provisions for 11 stores in fiscal 2018, 17 stores in fiscal 2017, and 23 stores in fiscal 2016.

As part of its ongoing business activities, the Company assesses stores and distribution centers for

potential closure. Decisions to close or relocate stores or distribution centers in future periods would
result in lease termination charges for lease exit costs and liquidation of inventory, as well as

111

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

6. Lease Termination and Impairment Charges (Continued)

impairment of assets at these locations. The following table reflects the closed store and distribution
center charges that relate to new closures, changes in assumptions and interest accretion:

Balance—beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Provision for present value of noncancellable

lease payments of closed stores . . . . . . . . . .

Changes in assumptions about future sublease
income, terminations and change in interest
rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest accretion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash payments, net of sublease income . . . . . .
Balance—end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)
$165,138

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)
$208,421

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)
$241,047

8,871

6,503

9,709

1,082
11,439
(53,240)
$133,290

2,633
14,186
(66,605)
$165,138

5,655
16,463
(64,453)
$208,421

The Company’s revenues and income before income taxes for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 included

results from stores that have been closed or are approved for closure as of March 3, 2018. The
revenue, operating expenses and income before income taxes of these stores for the periods are
presented as follows:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain from sale of assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . .

Included in these stores’ loss before income

taxes are:

Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventory liquidation charges . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

$ 69,336
82,541
(18,231)
830
4,196

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

$174,668
193,771
(1,036)
2,182
(20,249)

February 27,

2016

$204,869
223,774
(5,605)
1,725
(15,025)

365
(2,828)

1,440
(187)

1,498
(295)

The above results are not necessarily indicative of the impact that these closures will have on
revenues and operating results of the Company in the future, as the Company often transfers the
business of a closed store to another Company store, thereby retaining a portion of these revenues and
operating expenses.

7. Fair Value Measurements

The Company utilizes the three-level valuation hierarchy as described in Note 6, Lease Termination

and Impairment Charges, for the recognition and disclosure of fair value measurements.

112

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

7. Fair Value Measurements (Continued)

As of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, the Company did not have any financial assets measured

on a recurring basis. Please see Note 6 for fair value measurements of non-financial assets measured on
a non-recurring basis.

Other Financial Instruments

Financial instruments other than long-term indebtedness include cash and cash equivalents,

accounts receivable and accounts payable. These instruments are recorded at book value, which we
believe approximate their fair values due to their short term nature. In addition, as of March 3, 2018
and March 4, 2017, the Company has $7,282 and $6,874, respectively, of investments carried at
amortized cost as these investments are being held to maturity. These investments are included as a
component of other assets as of March 3, 2018 and as a component of prepaid expenses and other
current assets as of March 4, 2017. The Company believes the carrying value of these investments
approximates their fair value.

The fair value for LIBOR-based borrowings under the Company’s senior secured credit facility is
estimated based on the quoted market price of the financial instrument which is considered Level 1 of
the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of substantially all of the Company’s other long-term
indebtedness are estimated based on quoted market prices of the financial instruments which are
considered Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the
Company’s total long-term indebtedness was $3,889,738 and $3,927,411, respectively, as of March 3,
2018. The carrying amount and estimated fair value of the Company’s total long-term indebtedness was
$7,263,378 and $7,556,599, respectively, as of March 4, 2017. There were no outstanding derivative
financial instruments as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017.

8. Income Taxes

On December 22, 2017 (the ‘‘Enactment Date’’), H.R. 1, originally known as the Tax Cuts and

Jobs Act, was enacted. The new law (Public Law No.115-97 hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘Tax Act’’)
includes significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system including, but not limited to,
lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, limiting or eliminating certain deductions
and the repeal of Corporate AMT tax regime. The majority of the provisions will be applicable to the
Company for fiscal 2019. For fiscal 2018, the Company computed its income tax expense using a
blended federal tax rate of 32.6%. The 21% federal tax rate will apply to the fiscal year ending
March 2, 2019 and each year thereafter.

113

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

8. Income Taxes (Continued)

The provision for income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations was as follows:

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

February 27,

2016

(53 Weeks)

(52 Weeks)

Current tax:

Federal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Deferred tax and other:

Federal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

(210)
51,279
51,069

$ — $
14,600
14,600

(52)
6,590
6,538

316,451
(61,533)
254,918
$305,987

10,355
19,483
29,838
$44,438

83,074
(40,100)
42,974
$ 49,512

A reconciliation of the expected statutory federal tax and the total income tax expense (benefit)

from continuing operations was as follows:

Federal statutory rate* . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Federal tax rate change . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nondeductible expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State income taxes, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase/(decrease) of previously recorded

liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Nondeductible compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Stock based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)
$(14,202)
324,765
1,213
(22,836)

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

(53 Weeks)
$16,982
—
2,479
8,225

February 27,

2016

(52 Weeks)
$ 53,060
—
6,518
16,482

27,295
654
696
8,363
(8,853)
(11,108)
$305,987

(955)
1,157
4,023
—
14,718
(2,191)
$44,438

—
6,057
6,782
—
(38,058)
(1,329)
$ 49,512

*

Federal statutory rate included in the above table is 32.6%, 35.0% and 35.0%,
respectively, for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27,
2016.

Net income for fiscal 2018 from continuing operations included income tax expense of $305,987, of

which $324,765 relates to the federal income tax rate change on the re-measurement of net deferred

114

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

8. Income Taxes (Continued)

tax assets pursuant to the Tax Act. Additionally, the Company recorded within state income taxes the
net impact of the Pennsylvania tax law change which resulted in a substantial increase to the state net
operating loss carryforwards and a corresponding increase to the valuation allowance.

Net income from continuing operations for fiscal 2017 included income tax expense of $44,438,

which included an increase in valuation allowance of $14,718 primarily related to a reduction in
estimated utilization of state NOLs and for expiring carryforwards.

Net income from continuing operations for fiscal 2016 included income tax expense of $49,512
based on the effective tax rate above, which included a benefit of $38,058 related to a reduction in
valuation allowance primarily for an increase in estimated utilization of state NOLs and for expiring
carryforwards.

The Company recognized tax expense of $749,704, $46 and $63,427 within Net loss (income) from
discontinued operations, net of tax, in the Statement of Operations in fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and fiscal
2016, respectively. The Company’s effective income tax rate from discontinued operations included
adjustments to the valuation allowance of $(32,870), $15 and $11,700 for fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and
fiscal 2016, respectively.

The tax effect of temporary differences that gave rise to significant components of deferred tax

assets and liabilities consisted of the following at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Deferred tax assets:

Accounts receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liability for lease exit costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pension, retirement and other benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-lived assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Credits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net operating losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total gross deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Outside basis difference . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total gross deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018

2017

$

39,182
113,493
40,662
104,494
246,793
—
85,555
1,089,084
1,719,263
(896,800)
822,463

$

68,320
194,884
68,411
168,274
509,283
1,630
65,971
1,207,650
2,284,423
(226,726)
2,057,697

5,420
223,024
228,444
$ 594,019

112,509
439,624
552,133
$1,505,564

115

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

8. Income Taxes (Continued)

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits from continuing

operations was as follows:

Unrecognized tax benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increases to prior year tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . .
Decreases to tax positions in prior periods . . . . . . .
Increases to current year tax positions . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Divestitures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lapse of statute of limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrecognized tax benefits balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

2018
8,939
—
(1,015)
224,408
—
(1,607)
(515)
$230,210

2017

2016

$10,676
16
(626)
26
—
—
(1,153)
$ 8,939

$ 9,514
1,667
(577)
72
—
—
—
$10,676

The amount of the above unrecognized tax benefits at March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and

February 27, 2016 which would impact the Company’s effective tax rate, if recognized, was $31,377,
$892 and $2,084 respectively. Additionally, any impact on the effective rate may be mitigated by the
valuation allowance that is remaining against the Company’s net deferred tax assets.

The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that a decrease of up to $13,498 in

unrecognized tax benefits related to state exposures may be necessary in the next twelve months
however management does not expect the change to have a significant impact on the results of
operations or the financial position of the Company.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to tax contingencies as income tax expense.
The Company recognized an expense/(benefit) for interest and penalties in connection with tax matters
of $7,058, $(276) and $60 for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of March 3, 2018 and
March 4, 2017 the total amount of accrued income tax-related interest and penalties was $7,322 and
$263, respectively.

The Company files U.S. federal income tax returns as well as income tax returns in those states

where it does business. The consolidated federal income tax returns are closed for examination through
fiscal year 2014. However, any net operating losses that were generated in these prior closed years may
be subject to examination by the IRS upon utilization. Tax examinations by various state taxing
authorities could generally be conducted for a period of three to five years after filing of the respective
return.

Net Operating Losses and Tax Credits

At March 3, 2018, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
$1,021,264 of these, $813,238 will expire, if not utilized, between fiscal 2029 and 2031. An additional
$208,026 will expire, if not utilized, between fiscal 2032 and 2037.

At March 3, 2018, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately

$12,602,741, the majority of which will expire ratably through fiscal 2030; the net tax effect of these

116

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

8. Income Taxes (Continued)

carryforwards are $1,106,710 and are reflected in the table above. The Pennsylvania tax law change
removing the net operating loss utilization limitation resulted in a substantial increase to the state net
operating loss carryforwards in fiscal 2018.

At March 3, 2018, the Company had federal business tax credit carryforwards of $45,676 the

majority of which will expire between 2019 and 2021. In addition to these credits, the Company had
alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $33,410 which will be refunded to the Company
between fiscal 2019 - 2022.

Valuation Allowances

The valuation allowances as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 apply to the net deferred tax
assets of the Company. The Company maintained a valuation allowance of $896,800 and $226,726,
which relates primarily to state deferred tax assets at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, respectively.
The primary driver of the increase for fiscal 2018 resulted from the Pennsylvania tax law change which
caused a substantial increase to the state net operating loss carryforwards, which required an offsetting
increase in valuation allowance.

9. Accounts Receivable

The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon the expected

collectability of accounts receivable. The allowance for uncollectible accounts at March 3, 2018 and
March 4, 2017 was $25,134 and $30,891 respectively. The Company’s accounts receivable are due
primarily from third-party payors (e.g., pharmacy benefit management companies, insurance companies
or governmental agencies) and are recorded net of any allowances provided for under the respective
plans. Since payments due from third-party payors are sensitive to payment criteria changes and
legislative actions, the allowance is reviewed continually and adjusted for accounts deemed uncollectible
by management.

10. Medicare Part D

The Company offers Medicare Part D benefits through EIC, which has contracted with CMS to be
a PDP and, pursuant to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003,
must be a risk-bearing entity regulated under state insurance laws or similar statutes.

EIC is a licensed domestic insurance company under the applicable laws and regulations. Pursuant
to these laws and regulations, EIC must file quarterly and annual reports with the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners (‘‘NAIC’’) and certain state regulators, must maintain certain minimum
amounts of capital and surplus under formulas established by certain states and must, in certain
circumstances, request and receive the approval of certain state regulators before making dividend
payments or other capital distributions to the Company. The Company does not believe these
limitations on dividends and distributions materially impact its financial position. EIC is subject to
minimum capital and surplus requirements in certain states. The minimum amount of capital and
surplus required to satisfy regulatory requirements in these states is $26,676 as of December 31, 2017.
EIC was in excess of the minimum required amounts in these states as of March 3, 2018.

117

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

10. Medicare Part D (Continued)

The Company has recorded estimates of various assets and liabilities arising from its participation

in the Medicare Part D program based on information in its claims management and enrollment
systems. Significant estimates arising from its participation in this program include: (i) estimates of
low-income cost subsidies, reinsurance amounts, and coverage gap discount amounts ultimately payable
to CMS based on a detailed claims reconciliation that will occur in the following year; (ii) an estimate
of amounts receivable from CMS under a risk-sharing feature of the Medicare Part D program design,
referred to as the risk corridor and (iii) estimates for claims that have been reported and are in the
process of being paid or contested and for our estimate of claims that have been incurred but have not
yet been reported.

As of March 3, 2018, accounts receivable, net included $350,563 due from CMS and accrued

salaries, wages and other current liabilities included $183,318 of EIC liabilities under certain
reinsurance contracts. As of March 4, 2017, accounts receivable, net included $245,766 due from CMS
and accrued salaries, wages and other current liabilities included $145,903 of EIC liabilities under
certain reinsurance contracts. EIC limits its exposure to loss and recovers a portion of benefits paid by
utilizing quota-share reinsurance with a commercial reinsurance company. Beginning calendar 2018,
EIC does not currently have a reinsurance agreement in place.

11. Inventory

At March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, inventories were $581,090 and $607,326, respectively, lower

than the amounts that would have been reported using the first-in, first-out (‘‘FIFO’’) cost flow
assumption. The Company calculates its FIFO inventory valuation using the retail method for store
inventories and the cost method for distribution facility inventories. The Company recorded a LIFO
credit for fiscal year 2018 of $28,827, compared to a LIFO credit of $3,721 for fiscal year 2017 and a
LIFO charge of $7,892 for fiscal year 2016. During fiscal 2018 and 2017, a reduction in non-pharmacy
inventories resulted in the liquidation of applicable LIFO inventory quantities carried at lower costs in
prior years. During fiscal 2016, a reduction in inventories related to working capital initiatives resulted
in LIFO liquidation. This LIFO liquidation resulted in a $2,707, $2,375 and $42,880 cost of revenues
decrease, with a corresponding reduction to the adjustment to LIFO for fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 and
fiscal 2016, respectively.

118

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

12. Property, Plant and Equipment

Following is a summary of property, plant and equipment, including capital lease assets, at

March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Buildings
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Software . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Construction in progress . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Accumulated depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

2018
138,768
528,026
1,567,635
1,795,337
25,944
59,635
4,115,345
(2,684,099)
$ 1,431,246

$

2017
141,453
528,076
1,566,666
1,810,405
16,316
62,537
4,125,453
(2,598,991)
$ 1,526,462

Depreciation expense, which included the depreciation of assets recorded under capital leases, was

$238,318, $241,787 and $229,760 in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Included in property, plant and equipment was the carrying amount, which approximates fair value,

of assets to be disposed of totaling $972 and $1,057 at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, respectively.

13. Goodwill and Other Intangibles

Goodwill and indefinitely-lived assets, such as certain trademarks acquired in connection with

acquisition transactions, are not amortized, but are instead evaluated for impairment on an annual basis
at the end of the fiscal year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that impairment
may be more likely. When evaluating goodwill for possible impairment, the Company typically performs
a qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year to determine if it is more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. However, as part of this qualitative
assessment, the Company performs a quantitative assessment at least once every three years to
re-establish a baseline fair value that can be used in its current and future qualitative assessments.
During the qualitative assessment the Company makes significant estimates, assumptions, and
judgments, including, but not limited to, the overall economy, industry and market conditions, financial
performance of the Company, changes in its share price, and forecasts of revenue, profit, working
capital requirements, and cash flows. The Company considers each reporting unit’s historical results
and operating trends when determining these assumptions; however, the estimates and projections can
be affected by a number of factors and it is possible that actual results could differ from the
assumptions used in the impairment assessment. If the Company determines that it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, the
Company performs a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Fair value estimates used in the
quantitative impairment test are calculated using an average of the income and market approaches. The
income approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit, while the
market approach is based on certain multiples of selected guideline public companies or selected
guideline transactions. The approaches incorporate a number of market participant assumptions

119

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

13. Goodwill and Other Intangibles (Continued)

including future growth rates, discount rates, income tax rates and market activity in assessing fair value
and are reporting unit specific. If the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, the
Company recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
reporting unit’s fair value. In addition, the Company considers the income tax effect of any tax
deductible goodwill when measuring a goodwill impairment loss.

In the fiscal fourth quarter the Company completed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment,

at which time it was determined after evaluating results, events and circumstances that a quantitative
assessment was necessary for the Pharmacy Services segment. The quantitative assessment concluded
that the carrying amount of the Pharmacy Services segment exceeded its fair value principally due to
the impact of a change in the composition of the Medicare Part D membership and a decline in the
commercial business. This resulted in a goodwill impairment charge of $261,727 ($191,000 net of the
related income tax benefit) for the fiscal year ended March 3, 2018. There was no impairment charge
for the fiscal year ended March 4, 2017 as the Company determined that the fair value of the reporting
units exceeded their carrying amounts.

Below is a summary of the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the fiscal

years ended March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Balance, February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition (see Note 2. Acquisition) . . . . . . . . .
Change in goodwill resulting from changes to

the final purchase price allocation . . . . . . . . .
Balance, March 4, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance, March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Retail

Pharmacy
$43,492

Pharmacy
Services

Total

$1,637,351

$1,680,843

—
43,492
—
$43,492

2,004
1,639,355
(261,727)
$1,377,628

2,004
1,682,847
(261,727)
$1,421,120

120

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

13. Goodwill and Other Intangibles (Continued)

The Company’s intangible assets are primarily finite-lived and amortized over their useful lives.

Following is a summary of the Company’s finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of
March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017.

2018

2017

Gross

Carrying Accumulated
Amount Amortization

Net

Remaining
Weighted
Average

Gross

Amortization Carrying Accumulated
Amount Amortization

Period

Remaining
Weighted
Average

Amortization

Period

Net

Favorable leases and

other(a) . . . . . . . . . . $ 379,355
900,111
465,000
57,500

Prescription files
. . . . . .
Customer relationships(a)
CMS license . . . . . . . . .
Claims adjudication and

other developed
58,985
software . . . . . . . . . .
20,100
Trademarks . . . . . . . . . .
Backlog . . . . . . . . . . . .
11,500
Total finite . . . . . . . . . . $1,892,551
Trademarks . . . . . . . . . .
33,500
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $1,926,051

$ (316,798) $ 62,557
98,405
292,365
51,328

(801,706)
(172,635)
(6,172)

7 years $ 386,636
894,330
3 years
465,000
15 years
23 years
57,500

$ (308,766) $ 77,870
129,490
354,347
53,628

(764,840)
(110,653)
(3,872)

(22,617)
(5,394)
(10,286)

36,368
14,706
1,214
$(1,335,608) $556,943
33,500
$(1,335,608) $590,443

—

5 years
8 years
1 year

Indefinite

58,995
20,100
11,500
$1,894,061
33,500
$1,927,561

(14,188)
(3,383)
(6,453)

44,807
16,717
5,047
$(1,212,155) $681,906
33,500
$(1,212,155) $715,406

—

7 years
3 years
16 years
24 years

6 years
9 years
2 years

Indefinite

(a) Amortized on an accelerated basis which is determined based on the remaining useful economic lives of the customer

relationships that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows.
Also included in other non-current liabilities as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 are

unfavorable lease intangibles with a net carrying amount of $18,888 and $23,703, respectively. These
intangible liabilities are amortized over their remaining lease terms at time of acquisition.

Amortization expense for these intangible assets and liabilities was $147,739, $165,579 and

$131,374 for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The anticipated annual amortization expense for
these intangible assets and liabilities is 2019—$122,024; 2020—$98,113; 2021—$74,205; 2022—$52,416
and 2023—$36,175.

14. Accrued Salaries, Wages and Other Current Liabilities

Accrued salaries, wages and other current liabilities consisted of the following at March 3, 2018

and March 4, 2017:

Accrued wages, benefits and other personnel costs . . . . . . .
Accrued interest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued sales and other taxes payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued store expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued reinsurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018

2017

$ 360,179
65,210
125,289
155,354
183,418
342,286
$1,231,736

$ 426,097
66,352
141,420
173,630
145,904
387,544
$1,340,947

121

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement

Following is a summary of indebtedness and lease financing obligations at March 3, 2018 and

March 4, 2017:

2018

2017

$ (13,076) $2,405,082

—

465,833

—
90
(12,986)

497,569
90
3,368,574

898,476

896,544

805,123

803,640

1,778,292
3,481,891

1,774,016
3,474,200

293,540

293,375

127,293
420,833
52,554
3,942,292
(21,031)
$3,921,261

127,229
420,604
65,315
7,328,693
(21,335)
$7,307,358

Secured Debt:

Senior secured revolving credit facility due January 2020 ($0 and

$2,430,000 face value less unamortized debt issuance costs of $13,076
and $24,918) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tranche 1 Term Loan (second lien) due August 2020 ($0 and $470,000 face
value less unamortized debt issuance costs of $0 and $4,167) . . . . . . . . .

Tranche 2 Term Loan (second lien) due June 2021 ($0 and $500,000 face

value less unamortized debt issuance costs of $0 and $2,431) . . . . . . . . .
Other secured . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Guaranteed Unsecured Debt:

9.25% senior notes due March 2020 ($902,000 face value plus unamortized
premium of $1,400 and $2,071 and less unamortized debt issuance costs
of $4,924 and $7,527) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6.75% senior notes due June 2021 ($810,000 face value less unamortized

debt issuance costs of $4,877 and $6,360)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6.125% senior notes due April 2023 ($1,800,000 face value less

unamortized debt issuance costs of $21,708 and $25,984) . . . . . . . . . . . .

Unguaranteed Unsecured Debt:

7.7% notes due February 2027 ($295,000 face value less unamortized debt

issuance costs of $1,460 and $1,625) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

6.875% fixed-rate senior notes due December 2028 ($128,000 face value

less unamortized debt issuance costs of $707 and $771) . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Lease financing obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current maturities of long-term debt and lease financing obligations . . . . . . .
Long-term debt and lease financing obligations, less current maturities . . . . .

122

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement (Continued)

Reconciliation of indebtedness included in continuing operations and discontinued operations:

Balance, March 3, 2018—per above table . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts reclassified as current and noncurrent liabilities
held for sale in connection with the Sale(a) . . . . . . . .
Total debt and lease financing obligations . . . . . . . . . . .
Current maturities of long-term debt and lease financing
obligations—continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Long-term debt and lease financing obligations, less

current maturities—continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . .

Balance, March 4, 2017—per above table . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts reclassified as current and noncurrent

liabilities held for sale in connection with the Sale(a) .
Total debt and lease financing obligations . . . . . . . . . . .
Current maturities of long-term debt and lease

financing obligations—continuing operations . . . . . . .

March 3, 2018

Debt

$3,889,738

Lease Financing

Obligations
$ 52,554

Total Debt and
Lease Financing

Obligations
$3,942,292

(549,549)
3,340,189

(1,108)
51,446

(550,657)
3,391,635

(90)

(20,671)

(20,761)

$3,340,099

$ 30,775

$3,370,874

March 4, 2017

Lease Financing

Obligations
$ 65,315

Total Debt and
Lease Financing

Obligations
$ 7,328,693

Debt

$ 7,263,378

(4,027,400)
3,235,978

(10,492)
54,823

(4,037,892)
3,290,801

(90)

(17,619)

(17,709)

Long-term debt and lease financing obligations, less

current maturities—continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 3,235,888

$ 37,204

$ 3,273,092

(a) In connection with the Sale, the Company is estimating that the Sale will provide total excess cash

proceeds of approximately $549,549 and 4,027,400 which will be used to repay outstanding
indebtedness as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, respectively. As such, the Company included
estimated excess cash proceeds $549,549 and $4,027,400 as repayment of outstanding indebtedness
that has been included in liabilities held for sale as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017.
Additionally, as part of the Sale, the Company will be relieved of approximately $1,108 and
$10,492, respectively, of capital lease obligations as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017. These
amounts are also reflected as liabilities held for sale. Please see Note 4 for additional details.

Credit Facility

The Company’s Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility has a borrowing capacity of

$3,000,000 and matures in January 2020. Borrowings under the revolver bear interest at a rate per
annum between (i) LIBOR plus 1.50% and LIBOR plus 2.00% with respect to Eurodollar borrowings

123

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement (Continued)

and (ii) the alternate base rate plus 0.50% and the alternate base rate plus 1.00% with respect to ABR
borrowings, in each case, based upon the Average Revolver Availability (as defined in the Amended
and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility). The Company is required to pay fees between 0.250%
and 0.375% per annum on the daily unused amount of the revolver, depending on the Average
Revolver Availability (as defined in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility).
Amounts drawn under the revolver become due and payable on January 13, 2020.

The Company’s ability to borrow under the revolver is based upon a specified borrowing base

consisting of accounts receivable, inventory and prescription files. At March 3, 2018, the Company had
$0 of borrowings outstanding under the revolver and had letters of credit outstanding against the
revolver of $58,043 which resulted in additional borrowing capacity of $2,941,957.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility restricts the Company and the
Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined herein) from accumulating cash on hand, and under certain
circumstances, requires the funds in the Company’s deposit accounts to be applied first to the
repayment of outstanding revolving loans under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility and then to be held as collateral for the senior obligations.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility allows the Company to have

outstanding, at any time, up to $1,500,000 in secured second priority debt, split-priority term loan debt,
unsecured debt and disqualified preferred stock in addition to borrowings under the Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and existing indebtedness, provided that not in excess of
$750,000 of such secured second priority debt, split-priority term loan debt, unsecured debt and
disqualified preferred stock shall mature or require scheduled payments of principal prior to 90 days
after the latest of (a) the fifth anniversary of the effectiveness of the Amended and Restated Senior
Secured Credit Facility and (b) the latest maturity date of any Term Loan or Other Revolving Loan
(each as defined in the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility) (excluding bridge
facilities allowing extensions on customary terms to at least the date that is 90 days after such date and,
with respect to any escrow notes issued by Rite Aid, excluding any special mandatory redemption of
the type described in clause (iii) of the definition of ‘‘Escrow Notes’’ in the Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Credit Facility). Subject to the limitations described in clauses (a) and (b) of the
immediately preceding sentence, the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility additionally
allows the Company to issue or incur an unlimited amount of unsecured debt and disqualified
preferred stock so long as a Financial Covenant Effectiveness Period (as defined in the Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility) is not in effect; provided, however, that certain of the
Company’s other outstanding indebtedness limits the amount of unsecured debt that can be incurred if
certain interest coverage levels are not met at the time of incurrence or other exemptions are not
available. The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility also contains certain restrictions
on the amount of secured first priority debt the Company is able to incur. The Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Credit Facility also allows for the voluntary repurchase of any debt or other convertible
debt, so long as the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility is not in default and the
Company maintains availability under its revolver of more than $365,000.

124

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement (Continued)

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility has a financial covenant that requires

the Company to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.00 to 1.00 (a) on any date on
which availability under the revolver is less than $200,000 or (b) on the third consecutive business day
on which availability under the revolver is less than $250,000 and, in each case, ending on and
excluding the first day thereafter, if any, which is the 30th consecutive calendar day on which
availability under the revolver is equal to or greater than $250,000. As of March 3, 2018, the Company
had availability under its revolver of $2,941,957, its fixed charge coverage ratio was greater than 1.00 to
1.00, and the Company was in compliance with the senior secured credit facility’s financial covenant.
The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility also contains covenants which place
restrictions on the incurrence of debt, the payments of dividends, sale of assets, mergers and
acquisitions and the granting of liens.

The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility also provides for customary events of

default.

With the exception of EIC, substantially all of Rite Aid Corporation’s 100 percent owned

subsidiaries guarantee the obligations under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility,
second priority secured term loan facilities, and unsecured guaranteed notes. The Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and second priority secured term loan facilities are secured, on
a senior or second priority basis, as applicable, by a lien on, among other things, accounts receivable,
inventory and prescription files of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The subsidiary guarantees related to the
Company’s Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and second priority secured term
loan facilities and, on an unsecured basis, the unsecured guaranteed notes, are full and unconditional
and joint and several, and there are no restrictions on the ability of the Company to obtain funds from
its subsidiaries. The Company has no independent assets or operations. Additionally, prior to the
Acquisition, the subsidiaries, including joint ventures, that did not guarantee the Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility, the credit facility, second priority secured term loan facilities
and applicable notes, were minor. Accordingly, condensed consolidating financial information for the
Company and subsidiaries is not presented for those periods. Subsequent to the Acquisition, other than
EIC, the subsidiaries, including joint ventures, that do not guarantee the credit facility, second priority
secured term loan facilities and applicable notes, are minor. As such, condensed consolidating financial
information for the Company, its guaranteeing subsidiaries and non-guaranteeing subsidiaries is
presented for those periods subsequent to the Acquisition. See Note 25 ‘‘Guarantor and
Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information’’ for additional disclosure.

2018 Transactions

During fiscal 2018, the Company did not have any debt transactions related to continuing

operations.

During January 2018, the Company used proceeds from the Asset Sale to repay and retire all of its

outstanding second lien $470,000 tranche 1 term loan and $500,000 tranche 2 term loan principal (the
‘‘Second Lien Term Loan Prepayment’’). During February 2018, the Company reduced the borrowing
capacity on its Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility from $3,700,000 to $3,000,000. In

125

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement (Continued)

connection with the transactions, the Company recorded a loss on debt retirement of $8,180, which
included interest and unamortized debt issuance costs. The debt repayment and related loss on debt
retirement is included in the results of operations and cash flows of discontinued operations.

On February 27, 2018, the Company announced that it had commenced an offer to purchase up to
$900,000 of the outstanding 9.25% senior notes due 2020 (the ‘‘9.25% Notes’’), the 6.75% senior notes
due 2021 (the ‘‘6.75% Notes’’) and the 6.125% Senior Notes due 2023 (the ‘‘6.125% Notes’’), pursuant
to the asset sale provisions of the indentures of such notes. On March 29, 2018, the Company accepted
for payment, pursuant to its offer to purchase, $3,454 principal amount of the 9.25% Notes,
representing 0.38% of the outstanding principal amount of the 9.25% Notes, $3,471 principal amount
of the 6.75% Notes, representing 0.43% of the outstanding principal amount of the 6.75% Notes, and
$41,751 principal amount of the 6.125% Notes, representing 2.32% of the outstanding principal amount
of the 6.125% Notes.

On March 13, 2018, the Company issued a notice of redemption for all of the 9.25%. Notes that

were outstanding on April 12, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the indenture of the 9.25% Notes. On
April 12, 2018, the Company redeemed 100% of the remaining outstanding 9.25% Notes.

On April 19, 2018, the Company announced that it had commenced an offer to purchase up to

$700,000 of its outstanding 6.75% Notes and its 6.125% Notes pursuant to the terms of such
indentures. Such offer to purchase will expire at 5:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on May 21, 2018, unless
extended or earlier terminated.

2016 Transactions

On April 2, 2015, the Company issued $1,800,000 aggregate principal amount of its 6.125% Notes,

the net proceeds of which, along with other available cash and borrowings under its Amended and
Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility, were used to finance the cash portion of the Acquisition,
which closed on June 24, 2015. The Company’s obligations under the notes are fully and
unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsubordinated basis, by all of its subsidiaries
that guarantee the Company’s obligations under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit
Facility, the 9.25% Notes and the 6.75% Notes (the ‘‘Rite Aid Subsidiary Guarantors’’), including
EnvisionRx and certain of its domestic subsidiaries other than, among others, EIC (the ‘‘EnvisionRx
Subsidiary Guarantors’’ and, together with the Rite Aid Subsidiary Guarantors, the ‘‘Subsidiary
Guarantors’’). The guarantees are unsecured. The 6.125% Notes are unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations of Rite Aid Corporation and rank equally in right of payment with all of its other
unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness.

During May 2015, $64,089 of the Company’s 8.5% convertible notes due 2015 were converted into

24,762 shares of common stock, pursuant to their terms. The remaining $79 of the Company’s 8.5%
convertible notes due 2015 were repaid by the Company upon maturity.

On August 15, 2015, the Company completed the redemption of all of its outstanding $650,000

aggregate principal amount of its 8.00% Notes. In connection with the redemption, the Company

126

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Indebtedness and Credit Agreement (Continued)

recorded a loss on debt retirement, including call premium and unamortized debt issue costs, of
$33,205 during the second quarter of fiscal 2016.

Interest Rates and Maturities

The annual weighted average interest rate on the Company’s indebtedness was 7.1%, 5.4%, and

5.4% for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.

The aggregate annual principal payments of long-term debt for the five succeeding fiscal years are

as follows: 2019—$90; 2020—$0; 2021—$902,000; 2022—$810,000 and $2,223,000 in 2023 and
thereafter.

16. Leases

The Company leases most of its retail stores and certain distribution facilities under noncancellable

operating and capital leases, most of which have initial lease terms ranging from 5 to 22 years. The
Company also leases certain of its equipment and other assets under noncancellable operating leases
with initial terms ranging from 3 to 10 years. In addition to minimum rental payments, certain store
leases require additional payments based on sales volume, as well as reimbursements for taxes,
maintenance and insurance. Most leases contain renewal options, certain of which involve rent
increases. Total rental expense, net of sublease income of $4,682, 4,813, and $6,397, was $628,511,
$634,539, and $607,490 in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. These amounts include contingent
rentals of $8,339, $10,229 and $11,574 in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.

During fiscal 2018 and 2017, the Company did not enter into any sale-leaseback transactions

whereby the Company sold owned operating stores to independent third parties and concurrent with
the sale, entered into an agreement to lease the store back from the purchasers.

During fiscal 2016, the Company sold seven owned operating stores to independent third parties.

Net proceeds from the sale were $26,953. Concurrent with these sales, the Company entered into
agreements to lease the stores back from the purchasers over minimum lease terms of 20 years. Eight
leases were accounted for as operating leases and the remaining two were accounted for as capital
leases. The transactions resulted in a gain for certain stores of $670 which is deferred over the life of
the leases. In addition, the transaction resulted in a loss for certain stores of $546 which is included in
the loss on sale of assets, net for the fifty-two weeks ended February 27, 2016.

As a result of the Sale to WBA and the related Amended and Restated Asset Purchase

Agreement, the Company has lease guarantee obligations related to 1,886 former stores. The majority
of the lease guarantee obligations have a term of less than 10 years; however, 210 former stores have
guarantees that exceed 10 years. The Company is only obligated to pay for the lease guarantees in the
event that WBA fails to perform under the lease agreements, as WBA is the primary obligor. If WBA
fails to perform under the lease agreements, the maximum lease guarantee obligations the Company
would be liable for would be approximately $2,300,000 as of March 3, 2018. During fiscal 2018, WBA
has performed under the lease agreements. The Company has assessed that it is highly unlikely that
WBA will not perform under the leases as of March 3, 2018.

127

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

16. Leases (Continued)

The net book values of assets under capital leases and sale-leasebacks accounted for under the

financing method at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 are summarized as follows:

Land . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Buildings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Leasehold improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equipment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2018

2017

$ 3,458
86,012
—
25,225
(78,637)
$ 36,058

$ 3,760
84,796
1,258
30,653
(84,333)
$ 36,134

Following is a summary of lease finance obligations at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Obligations under financing leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sale-leaseback obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less current obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term lease finance obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 51,446
—
(20,671)
$ 30,775

$ 52,418
2,405
(17,619)
$ 37,204

2018

2017

Following are the minimum lease payments for all properties under a lease agreement that will

have to be made in each of the years indicated based on non-cancelable leases in effect as of March 3,
2018:

Fiscal year
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Later years . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amount representing interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Present value of minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Operating

Leases

$ 674,739
609,830
528,370
462,222
407,226
1,782,987
$4,465,374

Lease

Financing
Obligations
$ 24,571
9,732
4,642
4,420
4,214
21,992
69,571
(18,125)
$ 51,446

17. Stock Option and Stock Award Plans

The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense in accordance with ASC 718,

‘‘Compensation—Stock Compensation.’’ Expense is recognized over the requisite service period of the
award, net of an estimate for the impact of forfeitures. Operating results for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016

128

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

17. Stock Option and Stock Award Plans (Continued)

include $25,793, $23,482 and $37,948 of compensation costs related to the Company’s stock-based
compensation arrangements.

In December 2000, the Company adopted the 2000 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2000 Plan) under

which 22,000 shares of common stock are reserved for granting of restricted stock, stock options,
phantom stock, stock bonus awards and other stock awards at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

In February 2001, the Company adopted the 2001 Stock Option Plan (the 2001 Plan) which was

approved by the shareholders under which 20,000 shares of common stock are authorized for granting
of stock options at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

In April 2004, the Board of Directors adopted the 2004 Omnibus Equity Plan, which was approved

by the shareholders. Under the plan, 20,000 shares of common stock are authorized for granting of
restricted stock, stock options, phantom stock, stock bonus awards and other equity based awards at the
discretion of the Board of Directors.

In January 2007, the stockholders of Rite Aid Corporation approved the adoption of the Rite Aid
Corporation 2006 Omnibus Equity Plan. Under the plan, 50,000 shares of Rite Aid common stock are
available for granting of restricted stock, stock options, phantom stock, stock bonus awards and other
equity based awards at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

In June 2010, the stockholders of Rite Aid Corporation approved the adoption of the Rite Aid

Corporation 2010 Omnibus Equity Plan. Under the plan, 35,000 shares of Rite Aid common stock are
available for granting of restricted stock, stock options, phantom stock, stock bonus awards and other
equity based awards at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The adoption of the 2010 Omnibus
Equity Plan became effective on June 23, 2010.

In June 2012, the stockholders of Rite Aid Corporation approved the adoption of the Rite Aid

Corporation 2012 Omnibus Equity Plan. Under the plan, 28,500 shares of Rite Aid common stock are
available for granting of restricted stock, stock options, phantom stock, stock bonus awards and other
equity based awards at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The adoption of the 2012 Omnibus
Equity Plan became effective on June 21, 2012.

In June 2014, the stockholders of Rite Aid Corporation approved the adoption of the Rite Aid

Corporation 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan. Under the plan, 58,000 shares of Rite Aid common stock plus
any shares of common stock remaining available for grant under the Rite Aid Corporation 2010
Omnibus Equity Plan and the Rite Aid Corporation 2012 Omnibus Equity Plan as of the effective date
of the 2014 Plan (provided that no more than 25,000 shares may be granted as incentive stock options)
are available for granting of restricted stock, stock options, phantom stock, stock bonus awards and
other equity based awards at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The adoption of the 2014
Omnibus Equity Plan became effective on June 19, 2014.

All of the plans provide for the Board of Directors (or at its election, the Compensation

Committee) to determine both when and in what manner options may be exercised; however, it may
not be more than 10 years from the date of grant. All of the plans provide that stock options may be
granted at prices that are not less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date

129

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

17. Stock Option and Stock Award Plans (Continued)

of grant. The aggregate number of remaining shares authorized for issuance for all plans is 53,720 as of
March 3, 2018.

Stock Options

The Company determines the fair value of stock options issued on the date of grant using the

Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The following weighted average assumptions were used for
options granted in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016:

Expected stock price volatility(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected dividend yield(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk-free interest rate(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected option life(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2016

2018

2017
58% N/A
0.0% N/A
1.9% N/A

56%
0.0%
1.7%
5.5 years N/A 5.5 years

(1) The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the stock price over the most

recent period equal to expected life of the option.

(2) The dividend rate that will be paid out on the underlying shares during the expected term

of the options. The Company does not currently pay dividends on its common stock, as
such, the dividend rate is assumed to be zero percent.

(3) The risk free interest rate is equal to the rate available on United States Treasury

zero-coupon issues as of the grant date of the option with a remaining term equal to the
expected term.

(4) The period of time for which the option is expected to be outstanding. The Company

analyzed historical exercise behavior to estimate the life.

130

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

17. Stock Option and Stock Award Plans (Continued)

The weighted average fair value of options granted during fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $1.08,
$0.00 and $4.45, respectively. Following is a summary of stock option transactions for the fiscal years
ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016:

Outstanding at February 28, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding at February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding at March 4, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding at March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested or expected to vest at March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercisable at March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Price
Per
Share
$2.09
8.68
1.78
4.20
$2.73
N/A
1.95
5.60
$2.75
2.05
1.20
6.33
$2.57
$2.52
$2.26

Shares
41,668
3,579
(6,400)
(722)
38,125
—
(3,556)
(679)
33,890
1,000
(4,820)
(3,195)
26,875
26,587
24,436

Weighted
Average

Remaining
Contractual

Term

Aggregate
Intrinsic

Value

3.44
3.42
2.98

$11,697
$11,697
$11,697

As of March 3, 2018, there was $4,891 of total unrecognized pre-tax compensation costs related to

unvested stock options, net of forfeitures. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 1.55 years.

Cash received from stock option exercises for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $5,796, $6,951 and

$11,376, respectively. The income tax benefit from stock options for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $10,
$421 and $11,764, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised for fiscal 2018, 2017
and 2016 was $3,032, $20,475 and $42,207, respectively.

Typically, stock options granted vest, and are subsequently exercisable in equal annual installments

over a four-year period for employees.

131

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

17. Stock Option and Stock Award Plans (Continued)

Restricted Stock

The Company provides restricted stock grants to associates under plans approved by the

stockholders. Shares awarded under the plans typically vest in equal annual installments over a
three-year period. Unvested shares are forfeited upon termination of employment. Following is a
summary of restricted stock transactions for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and
February 27, 2016:

Balance at February 28, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at March 4, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cancelled . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Weighted
Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

$3.84
8.60
2.94
6.89
$7.23
7.73
6.28
7.84
$7.87
2.82
8.03
3.70
$3.32

Shares
7,666
2,752
(5,140)
(420)
4,858
3,613
(2,222)
(426)
5,823
13,856
(3,875)
(3,594)
12,210

At March 3, 2018, there was $31,614 of total unrecognized pre-tax compensation costs related to
unvested restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures. These costs are expected to be recognized over a
weighted average period of 1.94 years.

The total fair value of restricted stock vested during fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $31,125,

$13,951 and $15,104, respectively.

Performance Based Incentive Plan

Beginning in fiscal 2015, the Company provided certain of its associates with performance based
incentive plans under which the associates will receive a certain number of shares of the Company’s
common stock based on the Company meeting certain financial and performance goals. If such goals
are not met, no stock-based compensation expense is recognized and any recognized stock-based
compensation expense is reversed. The Company incurred $4,122, $(6,070) and $12,634 related to these
performance based incentive plans for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which is recorded as a
component of stock-based compensation expense.

132

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

18. Tax Benefits Preservation Plan

On January 3, 2018, the Company entered into a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the ‘‘Plan’’) with
Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, as rights agent, and its Board of Directors declared a dividend
distribution of one right (a ‘‘Right’’) for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $1.00 per
share, to stockholders of record at the close of business on January 16, 2018. Each Right is governed
by the terms of the Plan and entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit
consisting of one one-thousandth of a share of Series J Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value
$1.00 per share, at a purchase price of $8.00 per unit, subject to adjustment. The purpose of the Plan is
to preserve our ability to use the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes
(collectively, ‘‘Tax Benefits’’) which would be substantially limited if the Company experienced an
‘‘ownership change’’ as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In general, an
ownership change would occur if Company shareholders who are treated as owning 5 percent or more
of its outstanding shares for purposes of Section 382 (‘‘5-percent shareholders’’) collectively increase
their aggregate ownership in the Company’s overall shares outstanding by more than 50 percentage
points. Whether this change has occurred would be measured by comparing each 5-percent
shareholder’s current ownership as of the measurement date to such shareholders’ lowest ownership
percentage during the three year period preceding the measurement date. The adoption of the Plan is
intended to ensure that the Company will be able to utilize Tax Benefits in connection with the Sale.
The Board of Directors affirmatively determined that Albertsons shall not be deemed an ‘‘Acquiring
Person’’ (as defined in the Plan) and exempted Albertsons and the Mergers from the Plan pursuant to
the terms of the Plan.

The Rights are not exercisable until the distribution date and will expire at the earliest of

(i) 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on January 3, 2019, or such later date and time (but not later than
5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on January 3, 2021) as may be determined by the Board of Directors
and approved by the stockholders of the Company by a vote of the majority of the votes cast by the
holders of shares entitled to vote thereon at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company prior to
5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on January 3, 2019, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed or
exchanged as provided in the Plan, (iii) the time at which the Board of Directors determines that the
Plan is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of Tax Benefits, and (iv) the close of
business on the first day of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board of Directors determines
that no Tax Benefits, once realized, as applicable, may be carried forward.

The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in the Plan.
On March 25, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company approved, and on March 27, 2018, the

Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, as rights agent, entered into, an amendment to
the Plan (the ‘‘Amendment’’). The Amendment changed the final expiration date with respect to the
Rights issued under the Plan from the abovementioned date and time to 5:00 P.M. (New York City
time) on March 27, 2018. In accordance with the terms of the Plan, as amended by the Amendment, all
of the Rights then outstanding expired at 5:00 P.M. (New York City time) on March 27, 2018, and no
Rights are to be issued from and after that time.

133

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans

Defined Contribution Plans
The Company and its subsidiaries sponsor several retirement plans that are primarily 401(k)

defined contribution plans covering nonunion associates and certain union associates. The Company
does not contribute to all of the plans. In accordance with those plan provisions, the Company matches
100% of a participant’s pretax payroll contributions, up to a maximum of 3% of such participant’s
pretax annual compensation. Thereafter, the Company will match 50% of the participant’s additional
pretax payroll contributions, up to a maximum of 2% of such participant’s additional pretax annual
compensation. Total expense recognized for the above plans was $67,949 in fiscal 2018, $68,393 in fiscal
2017 and $65,118 in fiscal 2016.

The Company sponsors a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (‘‘SERP’’) for its officers,
which is a defined contribution plan that is subject to a five year graduated vesting schedule. The
expense recognized for the SERP was $12,426 in fiscal 2018, $16,921 in fiscal 2017 and $1,377 in fiscal
2016.

Defined Benefit Plans
The Company and its subsidiaries also sponsor a qualified defined benefit pension plan that
requires benefits to be paid to eligible associates based upon years of service and, in some cases,
eligible compensation. The Company’s funding policy for The Rite Aid Pension Plan (The ‘‘Defined
Benefit Pension Plan’’) is to contribute the minimum amount required by the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974. However, the Company may, at its sole discretion, contribute additional
funds to the plan. The Company made contributions of $9,023 in fiscal 2018, $0 in fiscal 2017 and $0 in
fiscal 2016.

Net periodic pension expense and other changes recognized in other comprehensive income for the

defined benefit pension plans included the following components:

Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of unrecognized net loss (gain) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net pension expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Other changes recognized in other comprehensive loss:

Unrecognized net (gain) loss arising during period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prior service cost arising during period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of unrecognized prior service costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of unrecognized net (loss) gain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net amount recognized in other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net amount recognized in pension expense and other comprehensive

loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Defined Benefit Pension Plan
2018
2016

2017

$ 1,212
6,340
(4,525)
—
3,393
$ 6,420

$ 1,291
6,634
(4,512)
—
5,085
$ 8,498

$ 1,498
6,398
(6,330)
67
3,690
$ 5,323

$ (8,704) $(3,979) $ 7,369
—
(67)
(3,690)
3,612

—
—
(3,393)
(12,097)

—
—
(5,085)
(9,064)

$ (5,677) $ (566) $ 8,935

134

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans (Continued)

The table below sets forth reconciliation from the beginning of the year for both the benefit

obligation and plan assets of the Company’s defined benefit plans, as well as the funded status and
amounts recognized in the Company’s balance sheet as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Change in benefit obligations:

Benefit obligation at end of prior year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change due to change in assumptions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial loss (gain) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefit obligation at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change in plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employer contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Distributions (including expenses paid by the plan) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value of plan assets at end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Funded status . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net amount recognized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets consisted of:

Prepaid pension cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued pension liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net amount recognized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:

Net actuarial loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amount recognized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Defined Benefit
Pension Plan

2018

2017

$164,349
1,212
6,340
(7,963)
—
(2,087)
$161,851

$156,474
1,291
6,634
(7,449)
—
7,399
$164,349

$118,658
$110,217
9,023
—
11,142
15,890
(7,963)
(7,449)
$130,860
$118,658
$(30,991) $(45,691)
$(30,991) $(45,691)

$

— $

(30,991)

—
(45,691)
$(30,991) $(45,691)

$(32,664) $(44,761)
—
$(32,664) $(44,761)

—

The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost amounts that will be amortized from

accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic pension expense in fiscal 2019 are $2,029 and
$0, respectively.

The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plan was $161,851 and

$164,349 as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, respectively.

135

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans (Continued)

The significant actuarial assumptions used for all defined benefit plans to determine the benefit

obligation as of March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 were as follows:

Defined Benefit
Pension Plan

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rate of increase in future compensation levels . . . . . . . . . . . . . . N/A N/A N/A
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . .

6.25% 6.50% 6.50%
Weighted average assumptions used to determine net cost for the fiscal years ended March 3,

2017

2018
4.00% 4.00% 4.25%

2016

2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016 were:

Defined Benefit
Pension Plan

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rate of increase in future compensation levels . . . . . . . . . . . . . . N/A N/A N/A
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . .

6.50% 6.50% 6.50%

2017

2018
4.00% 4.25% 4.00%

2016

To develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, the Company considered
the historical returns and the future expectations for returns for each asset class, as well as the target
asset allocation of the pension portfolio. This resulted in the selection of the 6.25% long-term rate of
return on plan assets assumption for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016.

The Company’s pension plan asset allocations at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017 by asset

category were as follows:

Equity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed income securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 3, March 4,

2018
53%
47%
100%

2017
52%
48%
100%

The investment objectives of the Defined Benefit Pension Plan, the only defined benefit plan with

assets, are to:

(cid:129) Achieve a rate of return on investments that exceeds inflation over a full market cycle and is

consistent with actuarial assumptions;

(cid:129) Balance the correlation between assets and liabilities by diversifying the portfolio among various

asset classes to address return risk and interest rate risk;

(cid:129) Balance the allocation of assets between the investment managers to minimize concentration

risk;

136

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans (Continued)

(cid:129) Maintain liquidity in the portfolio sufficient to meet plan obligations as they come due; and
(cid:129) Control administrative and management costs.
The asset allocation established for the pension investment program reflects the risk tolerance of

the Company, as determined by:

(cid:129) the current and anticipated financial strength of the Company;
(cid:129) the funded status of the plan; and
(cid:129) plan liabilities.
Investments in both the equity and fixed income markets will be maintained, recognizing that

historical results indicate that equities (primarily common stocks) have higher expected returns than
fixed income investments. It is also recognized that the correlation between assets and liabilities must
be balanced to address higher volatility of equity investments (return risk) and interest rate risk.

The following targets are to be applied to the allocation of plan assets.

Category
U.S. equities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
International equities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
U.S. fixed income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

Target

Allocation
39%
13%
48%
100%

The Company expects to contribute $4,700 to the Defined Benefit Pension Plan during fiscal 2019.

Common and Collective Trusts

Common collective trust funds are stated at fair value as determined by the issuer of the common

collective trust funds based on the net asset value (‘‘NAV’’) of the underlying investments in
accordance with ASC 820. There are generally no restrictions on redemptions from these funds and no
unfunded commitments to invest. In accordance with ASC subtopic 820-10, certain investments that
were measured at NAV per shared (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value
hierarchy. The underlying investments mainly consist of equity and fixed income securities funds that
are valued based on the daily closing price as reported by the fund.

The proceeding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative
of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, although the Company believes
its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result
in a different fair value measurement at March 3, 2018.

137

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans (Continued)

The following table sets forth by level within the fair value hierarchy a summary of the plan’s

investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017:

Fair Value Measurements at March 3, 2018

Equity Securities

International equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Large Cap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Small-Mid Cap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fixed Income

Long Term Credit Bond Index . . . . . . . . .
Long Term US Government Bonds . . . . . .
20+ Year Treasury STRIPS . . . . . . . . . . .
Intermediate Fixed Income . . . . . . . . . . .

Other types of investments

Short Term Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Equity Securities

International equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Large Cap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Small-Mid Cap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Fixed Income

Long Term Credit Bond Index . . . . . . . . .
20+ Year Treasury STRIPS . . . . . . . . . . .
Intermediate Fixed Income . . . . . . . . . . .

Other types of investments

Short Term Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs (Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs (Level 3)

$—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
$—

$—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
$—

$—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
$—

Fair Value Measurements at March 4, 2017

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets
for Identical

Assets (Level 1)

Significant
Observable

Inputs (Level 2)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs (Level 3)

$—
—
—

—
—
—

—
$—

$—
—
—

—
—
—

—
$—

$—
—
—

—
—
—

—
$—

Total

$ 18,043
35,491
15,510

46,222
8,070
1,168
5,617

739
$130,860

Total

$ 15,348
32,413
14,083

47,694
7,563
639

918
$118,658

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at

fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.

138

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

19. Retirement Plans (Continued)

Following are the future benefit payments expected to be paid for the Defined Benefit Pension

Plan during the years indicated:

Fiscal Year
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2023 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2024 - 2028 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total

Defined Benefit
Pension Plan

$ 8,160
8,383
8,576
8,736
8,868
46,455
$89,178

Other Plans

The Company participates in various multi-employer union pension plans that are not sponsored
by the Company. Total expenses recognized for the multi-employer plans were $20,979 in fiscal 2018,
$21,336 in fiscal 2017 and $20,782 in fiscal 2016.

20. Multiemployer Plans that Provide Pension Benefits

The Company contributes to a number of multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the
terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover certain of its union-represented employees. The
risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets
contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees
of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the
unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. Additionally,
if the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans, the Company may be
required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a
withdrawal liability.

The Company’s participation in these plans for the annual period ended March 3, 2018 is outlined

in the table below. The ‘‘EIN/Pension Plan Number’’ column provides the Employer Identification
Number (EIN) and the three- digit plan number, if applicable. The most recent Pension Protection Act
(PPA) zone status available for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 is for the plan year- ends as indicated below.
The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan and is certified by
the plan’s actuary. Among other factors, plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent
funded, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded, and plans in the green zone are at
least 80 percent funded. The ‘‘FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented’’ column indicates plans for which a
financial improvement plan (FIP) or a rehabilitation plan (RP) is either pending or has been
implemented. In addition to regular plan contributions, the Company may be subject to a surcharge if
the plan is in the red zone. The ‘‘Surcharge Imposed’’ column indicates whether a surcharge has been
imposed on contributions to the plan. The last two columns list the expiration date(s) of the

139

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

20. Multiemployer Plans that Provide Pension Benefits (Continued)

collective-bargaining agreement(s) to which the plans are subject and any minimum funding
requirements. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of total employer
contributions of fiscal years 2018, 2017, and 2016.

Pension

1199 SEIU Health Care Employees

Pension Fund

EIN/Pension
Plan Number

13-3604862-001

Pension Protection
Act Zone Status
2017
2018

FIP/ RP
Status
Pending/

Implemented

Contributions of the

Company

2018

2017

2016

Expiration

Date of

Collective-
Surcharge Bargaining
Imposed Agreement

Minimum
Funding

Requirements

Green—
12/31/2016

Green—
12/31/2015

No

$ 7,372 $ 7,152 $ 7,775

No

4/18/2015 Contribution rate of

10.76% of gross
wages earned per
associate beginning

01/01/2016.

Contribution rate of

10.22% of gross
wages earned per

associate from

01/01/2015 through

12/31/2015.

Subsequent to

01/01/2018

contributions of
$1.586 per hour
worked. From
01/01/2017 to

12/31/2017

contributions of
$1.50 per hour

worked.

From 01/01/2016 to

12/31/2016

contributions of
$1.41 per hour
worked. From

01/01/2015 through

12/31/2015

contributions of
$1.328 per hour

worked for

pharmacists and
$0.602 per hour
worked for non

pharmacists.

Effective
09/01/2014,

contribution rate
frozen at $0.55 per
hour worked for

associates.

$1.89 per hour

worked.

Effective 02/07/2016
through 02/04/2017
contribution rate of

$1.76 per hour

worked.

Effective 02/02/2015
through 02/06/2016
contribution rate of

$1.62 per hour

worked.

12/31/2017 Effective 02/05/2017
contribution rate of

Southern California United Food

and Commercial Workers Unions
and Drug Employers Pension
Fund

51-6029925-001

Red—
12/31/2017

Red— Implemented

12/31/2016

8,149

8,021

7,552

No

7/14/2018

UFCW Pharmacists, Clerks and
Drug Employers Pension Trust

94-2518312-001

Green—
12/31/2017

Green—
12/31/2016

No

2,739

2,970

3,006

No

7/13/2019

United Food and Commercial

Workers Union-Employer Pension
Fund

34-6665155-001

Red—
9/30/2017

Red— Implemented

9/30/2016

786

827

732

No

140

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

20. Multiemployer Plans that Provide Pension Benefits (Continued)

Pension

United Food and Commercial
Workers Union Local 880—
Mercantile Employers Joint
Pension Fund

EIN/Pension
Plan Number

51-6031766-001

Pension Protection
Act Zone Status
2018
2017

FIP/ RP
Status
Pending/

Implemented

Contributions of the

Company

2018

2017

2016

Expiration

Date of

Collective-
Surcharge Bargaining
Imposed Agreement

Minimum
Funding

Requirements

Yellow—
9/30/2017

Yellow— Implemented
9/30/2016

495

504

454

No

12/31/2017 Effective 01/01/2017

contribution rate
$1.88 per hour

worked.

Effective 01/01/2016
through 12/31/2016
contribution rate of

$1.79 per hour

worked.

Effective 10/01/2015
through 12/31/2015
contribution rate of

$1.70 per hour

worked.

Effective 01/01/2015
through 09/30/2015
contribution rate of

$1.61 per hour

worked.

Other Funds

1,438

1,862

1,263

$20,979 $21,336 $20,782

The Company was listed in these plans Forms 5500 as providing more than 5 percent of the total

contributions for the following plans and plan years:

Pension Fund
UFCW Pharmacists, Clerks and Drug Employers Pension Trust . . . . . . . . .
Southern California United Food and Commercial Workers Unions and

Drug Employers Pension Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
United Food & Commercial Workers Union- Employer Pension Fund . . . .
United Food & Commercial Workers Union Local 880—Mercantile

Employers Joint Pension Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year Contributions to Plan

Exceeded More Than 5 Percent
of Total Contributions (as of

the Plan’s Year-End)

12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015

12/31/2016 and 12/31/2015
9/30/2016 and 9/30/2015

9/30/2016 and 9/30/2015

At the date the Company’s financial statements were issued, certain Forms 5500 were not

available.

During fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company did not withdraw from any plans or incur any

additional withdrawal liabilities.

21. Segment Reporting

Prior to June 24, 2015, the Company’s operations were within one reportable segment. As a result
of the completion of the Acquisition, the Company has realigned its internal management reporting to
reflect two reportable segments, its retail drug stores (‘‘Retail Pharmacy’’), and its pharmacy services
(‘‘Pharmacy Services’’) segments, collectively the ‘‘Parent Company’’.

141

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

21. Segment Reporting (Continued)

The Retail Pharmacy segment’s primary business is the sale of prescription drugs and related

consultation to its customers. Additionally, the Retail Pharmacy segment sells a full selection of health
and beauty aids and personal care products, seasonal merchandise and a large private brand product
line. The Pharmacy Services segment offers a full range of pharmacy benefit management services
including plan design and administration, on both a transparent pass-through model and traditional
model, formulary management and claims processing. Additionally, the Pharmacy Services segment
offers specialty and mail order services, infertility treatment, and drug benefits to eligible beneficiaries
under the federal government’s Medicare Part D program.

The Parent Company’s chief operating decision makers are its Parent Company Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer—Retail Pharmacy,
and the Chief Executive Officer—Pharmacy Services, (collectively the ‘‘CODM’’). The CODM has
ultimate responsibility for enterprise decisions. The CODM determines, in particular, resource
allocation for, and monitors performance of, the consolidated enterprise, the Retail Pharmacy segment
and the Pharmacy Services segment. The Retail Pharmacy and Pharmacy Services segment managers
have responsibility for operating decisions, allocating resources and assessing performance within their
respective segments. The CODM relies on internal management reporting that analyzes enterprise
results on certain key performance indicators, namely, revenues, gross profit, and Adjusted EBITDA.

The following table is a reconciliation of the Company’s business segments to the consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016:

Retail

Pharmacy

Pharmacy
Services

Intersegment
Eliminations(1)

Consolidated

March 3, 2018:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

March 4, 2017:

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

February 27, 2016:

$15,832,625
4,372,373
388,360

$5,896,669
407,732
171,534

$16,766,620
4,671,975
551,816

$6,393,884
392,732
188,235

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross Profit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$16,820,388
4,761,153
747,910

$4,103,513
230,826
101,357

$(200,326)
—
—

$(232,964)
—
—

$(153,664)
—
—

$21,528,968
4,780,105
559,894

$22,927,540
5,064,707
740,051

$20,770,237
4,991,979
849,267

(1) Intersegment eliminations include intersegment revenues and corresponding cost of revenues that

occur when Pharmacy Services segment customers use Retail Pharmacy segment stores to purchase
covered products. When this occurs, both the Retail Pharmacy and Pharmacy Services segments
record the revenue on a stand-alone basis.

(2) See ‘‘Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) per Diluted

Share and Other Non-GAAP Measures’’ in MD&A for additional details.

142

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

21. Segment Reporting (Continued)

The following is a reconciliation of net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2018, 2017

and 2016:

Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization expense . . . . . . . . . . .
LIFO (credit) charge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirements, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations . . . . . . .

March 3,

2018

(52 weeks)
$(349,532) $

202,768
305,987
386,057
(28,827)
58,765
261,727
—
(325,000)
47,949
$ 559,894

March 4,

2017

(53 weeks)
4,080
200,065
44,438
407,366
(3,721)
45,778
—
—

February 27,

2016

(52 weeks)
$102,088
186,132
49,512
361,134
7,892
40,477
—
33,205

42,045
$740,051

68,827
$849,267

The following is balance sheet information for the Company’s reportable segments:

March 3, 2018:

Total Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and

equipment and intangible assets .

March 4, 2017:

Total Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions to property and

equipment and intangible assets .

Retail

Pharmacy

Pharmacy
Services

Eliminations(2)

Consolidated

$6,089,343
43,492

$2,954,953
1,377,628

$ (54,969)
—

$ 8,989,327
1,421,120

199,437

15,327

—

214,764

$8,664,216
43,492

$3,087,143
1,639,355

$(157,607)
—

$11,593,752
1,682,847

281,072

12,725

—

293,797

(2) As of March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017, intersegment eliminations include netting of the

Pharmacy Services segment long-term deferred tax liability of $38,713 and $140,865,
respectively, against the Retail Pharmacy segment long-term deferred tax asset for
consolidation purposes in accordance with ASC 740, and intersegment accounts receivable of
$16,256 and $16,742, respectively, that represents amounts owed from the Pharmacy Services
segment to the Retail Pharmacy segment that are created when Pharmacy Services segment
customers use Retail Pharmacy segment stores to purchase covered products.

143

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees

Legal Matters and Regulatory Proceedings

The Company is involved in legal proceedings and is subject to investigations, inspections, claims,

audits, inquiries, and similar actions by governmental authorities arising in the ordinary course of its
business, including, without limitation, the matters described below. The Company records accruals for
outstanding legal matters and applicable regulatory proceedings when it believes it is probable that a
loss will be incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company evaluates, on a
quarterly basis, developments in legal matters and regulatory proceedings that could affect the amount
of any existing accrual and developments that would make a loss contingency both probable and
reasonably estimable, and as a result, warrant an account. If a loss contingency is not both probable
and estimable, the Company does not establish an accrued liability.

The Company’s contingencies are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond

the Company’s control, including, among other factors: (i) proceedings are in early stages; (ii) whether
class or collective action status is sought and the likelihood of a class being certified; (iii) the outcome
of pending appeals or motions; (iv) the extent of potential damages, fines or penalties, which are often
unspecified or indeterminate; (v) the impact of discovery on the matter; (vi) whether novel or unsettled
legal theories are at issue; (vii) there are significant factual issues to be resolved; and/or (viii) in the
case of certain government agency investigations, whether a sealed qui tam lawsuit (‘‘whistleblower’’
action) has been filed and whether the government agency makes a decision to intervene in the lawsuit
following investigation.

After the announcement of the proposed Merger between the Company and Walgreens Boots

Alliance, Inc. (WBA), a putative class action lawsuit was filed in Pennsylvania in the Court of Common
Pleas of Cumberland County (Wilson v. Rite Aid Corp., et al.) by a purported Company stockholder
against the Company, its directors (the Individual Defendants, together with the Company, the Rite
Aid Defendants), WBA and Victoria Merger Sub Inc. (Victoria) challenging the transactions
contemplated by the Merger agreement. The complaint alleged primarily that the Individual
Defendants breached their fiduciary duties by, among other things, agreeing to an allegedly unfair and
inadequate price, agreeing to deal protection devices that allegedly prevented the directors from
obtaining higher offers from other interested buyers for the Company and allegedly failing to protect
against certain purported conflicts of interest in connection with the Merger. The complaint further
alleged that the Company, WBA and/or Victoria aided and abetted these alleged breaches of fiduciary
duty. The complaint sought, among other things, to enjoin the closing of the Merger as well as money
damages and attorneys’ and experts’ fees. The matter remains pending, but inactive.

Also in connection with the proposed Merger, an action was filed in the United States District

Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania (the Pennsylvania District Court), asserting a claim for
violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 against the Rite Aid Defendants,
WBA and Victoria and a claim for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the
Individual Defendants and WBA (Hering v. Rite Aid Corp., et al.). The complaint in the Hering action
alleged, among other things, that the Rite Aid Defendants disseminated an allegedly false and
materially misleading proxy and sought to enjoin the shareholder vote on the proposed Merger, a
declaration that the proxy was materially false and misleading in violation of federal securities laws and

144

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)

an award of money damages and attorneys’ and experts’ fees. On January 14 and 16, 2016, respectively,
the plaintiff in the Hering action filed a motion for preliminary injunction and a motion for expedited
discovery. On January 21, 2016, the Rite Aid Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Hering
complaint. At a hearing held on January 25, 2016, the Pennsylvania District Court orally denied the
plaintiff’s motion for expedited discovery and subsequently denied the plaintiff’s motion for preliminary
injunction on January 28, 2016. On March 14, 2016, the Pennsylvania District Court appointed Jerry
Hering, Don Michael Hussey and Joanna Pauli Hussey as lead plaintiffs for the putative class and
approved their selection of Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP as lead counsel. On April 14, 2016,
the Pennsylvania District Court granted the lead plaintiffs’ unopposed motion to stay the Hering action
for all purposes pending consummation of the Merger.

On March 17, 2017, the Hering plaintiffs filed a motion to lift the stay for the purpose of filing a

proposed amended complaint. Defendants opposed the motion, and briefing concluded on April 17,
2017. The proposed amended complaint asserted state law breach of fiduciary duty claims against the
Individual Defendants, a claim of aiding and abetting the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty against
Rite Aid, WBA and Victoria, as well as claims for violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and
SEC Rule 14a-9 against the Rite Aid Defendants, WBA and Victoria, claims for violations of
Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5 against the Rite Aid Defendants, WBA,
Victoria and certain WBA executives, and a claim for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act
against the Individual Defendants, WBA and Victoria. On August 4, 2017, the Pennsylvania District
Court entered an order lifting the stay, noting that the original claims in this matter are now moot, and
directed the plaintiffs to file a motion for leave to amend the complaint, with brief in support thereof,
on or before September 15, 2017 which deadline was subsequently extended to September 22, 2017. On
September 22, 2017, the lead plaintiffs gave notice that plaintiffs Don Michael Hussey and Joanna Pauli
Hussey were withdrawing as lead plaintiffs, and that plaintiff Jerry Hering (the Lead Plaintiff) would
continue to represent the proposed class in the Hering action going forward. That same day, Lead
Plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file an amended complaint, which the Pennsylvania District Court
granted on November 27, 2017. On December 11, 2017, Lead Plaintiff filed the amended complaint
(the Amended Complaint), which alleges a claim for violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act
and SEC Rule 10b-5 and a claim for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Rite
Aid Defendants, WBA, and certain WBA executives. On February 14 and 16, 2018, the Rite Aid
Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint, and an opening brief in support thereof.
Lead Plaintiff’s answering brief and the Rite Aid Defendants’ reply brief are scheduled to be filed on
or before April 17 and May 17, 2018, respectively.

The Company has been named in a collective and class action lawsuit, Indergit v. Rite Aid

Corporation, et al., pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
filed purportedly on behalf of current and former store managers working in the Company’s stores at
various locations around the country. The lawsuit alleges that the Company failed to pay overtime to
store managers as required under the FLSA and under certain New York state statutes. The lawsuit
also seeks other relief, including liquidated damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and injunctive relief arising
out of state and federal claims for overtime pay. On April 2, 2010, the Court conditionally certified a
nationwide collective group of individuals who worked for the Company as store managers since

145

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)

March 31, 2007. The Court ordered that Notice of the Indergit action be sent to the purported
members of the collective group (approximately 7,000 current and former store managers) and
approximately 1,550 joined the Indergit action. Discovery as to certification issues has been completed.
On September 26, 2013, the Court granted Rule 23 class certification of the New York store manager
claims as to liability only, but denied it as to damages, and denied the Company’s motion for
decertification of the nationwide collective action claims. The Company filed a motion seeking
reconsideration of the Court’s September 26, 2013 decision which motion was denied in June 2014. The
Company subsequently filed a petition for an interlocutory appeal of the Court’s September 26, 2013
ruling with the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit which petition was denied in September
2014. Notice of the Rule 23 class certification as to liability only has been sent to approximately 1,750
current and former store managers in the state of New York. Discovery related to the merits of the
claims is ongoing. On January 12, 2017, the parties reached a settlement in principle of this matter, for
an immaterial amount of money, which was subject to preliminary and final approval by the Court. On
August 3, 2017, the Court entered an order granting Plaintiff’s unopposed motion for preliminary
approval of the settlement and notice of the settlement was issued to putative class members on
September 7, 2017. On January 11, 2018, the Court entered an order granting Plaintiff’s motion for
final approval of the settlement. Pursuant to the settlement agreement and the Court’s order, the
Company funded the settlement, and the settlement administrator has disbursed the settlement funds.

The Company is currently a defendant in several lawsuits filed in courts in California alleging

violations of California wage-and-hour laws, rules and regulations pertaining primarily to failure to pay
overtime, failure to pay for missed meals and rest periods, failure to reimburse business expenses and
failure to provide employee seating (the ‘‘California Cases’’). Some of the California Cases purport or
may be determined to be class actions and seek substantial damages and penalties. The single-plaintiff
and multi-plaintiff California Cases regarding violations of wage-and-hour laws, failure to pay overtime
and failure to pay for missed meals and rest periods, in the aggregate, seek substantial damages. The
Company believes that its defenses and assertions in the California Cases, as well as other legal
proceedings, have merit. The Company has aggressively challenged the merits of the lawsuits and,
where applicable, the allegations that the cases should be certified as class or representative actions.
Additionally, at this time the Company is not able to predict either the outcome of or estimate a
potential range of loss with respect to the California Cases and is vigorously defending them.

In the employee seating case (Hall v. Rite Aid Corporation, San Diego County Superior Court), the

Court, in October 2011, granted the plaintiff’s motion for class certification. The Company filed its
motion for decertification, which motion was granted in November 2012. Plaintiff subsequently
appealed the Court’s order which appeal was granted in May 2014. The Company filed a petition for
review of the appellate court’s decision with the California Supreme Court, which petition was denied
in August 2014. Proceedings in the Hall case were stayed pending a decision by the California Supreme
Court in two similar cases. That decision was rendered on April 4, 2016. A status conference in the
case was held on November 18, 2016, at which time the court lifted the stay and scheduled the case for
trial on January 26, 2018. The Court continued the trial to June 15, 2018. On February 2, 2018, the
Court denied Rite Aid’s motion for summary judgment.

146

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)

Following service of subpoenas on the Company in 2011 and 2013 by the United States Attorney’s

Office for the Eastern District of Michigan (‘‘USAO’’) and the State of Indiana’s Office of the
Attorney General, respectively, the Company cooperated with inquiries regarding the relationship of
Rite Aid’s Rx Savings Program to the reporting of usual and customary charges to publicly funded
health programs. In January 2017, the USAO, 18 states and the District of Columbia declined to
intervene in a sealed False Claims Act (‘‘FCA’’) action filed by qui tam plaintiff Azam Rahimi
(‘‘Relator’’) in the District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. On January 19, 2017, the court
unsealed Relator’s Second Amended Complaint against the Company; it alleges that the Company
failed to report Rx Savings prices as its usual and customary charges under the Medicare Part D
program and to federal and state Medicaid programs in 18 states and the District of Columbia; and
that the Company is thus liable under the federal FCA and similar state statutes. The Company has
filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which is pending. At this stage of the proceedings, the
Company is not able to either predict the outcome of this lawsuit or estimate a potential range of loss
with respect to the lawsuit and is vigorously defending this lawsuit.

On April 26, 2012, the Company received an administrative subpoena from the U.S. Drug

Enforcement Administration (‘‘DEA’’), Albany, New York District Office, requesting information
regarding the Company’s sale of products containing pseudoephedrine (‘‘PSE’’). In April 2012, it also
received a communication from the U.S. Attorney’s Office (‘‘USAO’’) for the Northern District of New
York concerning an investigation of possible civil violations of the Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic
Act of 2005 (‘‘CMEA’’). Additional subpoenas were issued in 2013, 2014, and 2015 seeking broader
documentation regarding PSE sales and recordkeeping requirements. Assistant U.S. Attorneys from the
Northern and Eastern Districts of New York and the Southern District of West Virginia are currently
investigating, but no lawsuits have been filed. Violations of the CMEA could result in the imposition of
administrative and/or civil penalties against the Company. The Company has entered into tolling
agreements with the United States, and discussions have been held to attempt to resolve these matters
with those USAOs and the Department of Justice, but whether any agreements can be reached and on
what terms is uncertain. While the Company’s management cannot predict the outcome of these
matters, it is possible that the Company’s results of operations or cash flows could be materially
affected by an unfavorable resolution. At this stage of the investigation, Rite Aid is not able to predict
the outcome of the investigations.

In December 2017, Rite Aid executed a non-prosecution agreement with the United States

Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of West Virginia (countersigned by the government in
January 2018), which concluded the previous criminal investigation into Rite Aid’s PSE sales. Pursuant
to that agreement, the government agreed not to bring any criminal charges against Rite Aid, and Rite
Aid agreed to pay an immaterial amount of money as restitution.

In June 2013, the Company was served with a Civil Investigative Demand (‘‘CID’’) by the United

States Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of California (the ‘‘USAO’’) regarding (1) the
Company’s Drug Utilization Review (‘‘DUR’’) and prescription dispensing protocol; and (2) the
dispensing of drugs designated as ‘‘Code 1’’ by the State of California. The Company cooperated with
the investigation, researched the government’s allegations, and refuted the government’s position. The
Company produced documents including certain prescription files related to Code 1 drugs to the

147

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)

USAO’s office and the State of California Department of Justice’s Bureau of Medical Fraud and Elder
Abuse (‘‘CADOJ’’). In August 2014, the USAO and 8 states’ attorneys general declined to intervene in
a California False Claim Act (‘‘FCA’’) action (‘‘Action’’) filed under seal in the Eastern District of
California by qui tam plaintiff Loyd F. Schmuckley (‘‘Relator’’) based on DUR and Code 1 allegations.
In July 2016, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the District of Columbia also declined to
intervene in the Action. On May 15, 2017, Relator and the CADOJ stipulated to dismiss all
DUR-related claims and 18 other state-based claims. On September 21, 2017, the CADOJ filed a
sealed complaint-in-intervention in the Action, asserting causes under the FCA, for unjust enrichment
and for payment by mistake related to the Code 1 allegations. The Action was unsealed on
September 26, 2017. On September 28, 2017, Relator filed a First Amended Complaint under the FCA
also concerning the Code 1 allegations. The Company filed a motion to dismiss Relator’s and CADOJ’s
respective complaints in January 2018, the hearing was held on March 23, 2018, and the court’s order
remains pending. At this stage of the proceedings, the Company is not able to either predict the
outcome of this matter or estimate a potential range of loss with respect to this matter and is
vigorously defending this lawsuit.

Relator, Matthew Omlansky, filed a qui tam action, State of California ex rel. Matthew

Omlansky v. Rite Aid Corporation, on behalf of the State of California against Rite Aid in the
Superior Court of the State of California. In his Complaint, Relator alleges that Rite Aid violated the
California False Claims Act by (i) failing to comply with California rules governing the Company’s
reporting of its usual and customary prices; (ii) failing to dispense the least expensive equivalent
generic drug in certain circumstances, in violation of applicable regulations; and (iii) dispensing, and
seeking reimbursement for, restricted brand name drugs without prior approval. Relator filed his
Second Amended Complaint on April 19, 2016. On October 5, 2016, Rite Aid’s demurrer to the
Second Amended Complaint was granted, with leave for Relator to file an amended complaint. Relator
filed his Third Amended Complaint to which Rite Aid filed a second demurrer, which the Court
granted with leave for Relator to amend on April 20, 2017. Relator filed his Fourth Amended
Complaint on May 1, 2017. On July 7, 2017, the Company’s demurrer to the Fourth Amended
Complaint was sustained without leave for Relator to amend. The court entered a final judgment of
dismissal of each of Relator’s claims on August 3, 2017. Relator’s deadline to appeal the judgment
passed on October 9, 2017. Relator filed an untimely notice of appeal in the action on October 13,
2017, and thereafter moved the California Court of Appeal for the Third District to construe an
October 5, 2017 notice of appeal erroneously filed in another action brought by Relator as a timely
appeal of this action. The Court of Appeal denied Relator’s motion, and the appeal has been
dismissed. At this stage of the proceedings, the Company is not able to either predict the outcome of
this matter or estimate a potential range of loss with respect to this matter and is vigorously defending
this lawsuit.

The State of Mississippi, by and through its Attorney General, filed a First Amended Complaint
against the Company and various purported related entities on September 27, 2016 alleging violations
of the Mississippi Medicaid Fraud Control Act, violations of the Mississippi Unfair and Deceptive
Trade Practices Act, fraud and unjust enrichment. The Complaint alleges the Company failed to
accurately report usual and customary prices to Mississippi’s Division of Medicaid. On November 14,

148

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees (Continued)

2016, the Company filed motions to dismiss based on substantive and jurisdictional grounds, as well as
a motion to transfer venue. These motions are pending and the action is stayed while related litigation
is resolved on appeal. At this stage of the proceedings, the Company is not able to either predict the
outcome of this lawsuit or estimate a potential range of loss with respect to the lawsuit and is
vigorously defending this lawsuit.

In December 2017, the United States Judicial Panel on multidistrict litigation ordered consolidated

numerous cases filed against various defendants by plaintiffs such as counties, cities, hospitals, and
third-party payors, alleging claims generally concerning the impacts of widespread opioid abuse. The
consolidated multidistrict litigation is In re National Prescription Opioid Litigation (MDL No. 2804),
pending in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. This multidistrict litigation
presumptively includes relevant federal court cases that name the Company, including actions filed by
several counties in West Virginia; and actions filed by several counties and cities in Michigan. Similar
cases that name the Company in some capacity have been filed in state courts, including, among others,
cases filed by Shelby County, Tennessee, Shelby County (Tennessee) v. Purdue Pharma, L.P. et al.; several
counties and cities in West Virginia, Brooke County (West Virginia) et al. v. Purdue Pharma L.P., et al.
and City of Huntington (West Virginia) et al. v. Express Scripts Holding Company et al,; and counties in
South Carolina, County of Spartanburg (South Carolina) v. Rite Aid of South Carolina, Inc. and County
of Greenville (South Carolina) v. Rite Aid of South Carolina, Inc. The Company is vigorously defending
all such matters.

In addition to the above described matters, the Company is subject from time to time to various
claims and lawsuits and governmental investigations arising in the ordinary course of business. While
the Company’s management cannot predict the outcome of any of the claims, the Company’s
management does not believe that the outcome of any of these legal matters will be material to the
Company’s consolidated financial position. It is possible, however, that the Company’s results of
operations or cash flows could be materially affected by an unfavorable resolution of pending litigation
or contingencies.

149

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

23. Supplementary Cash Flow Data

Cash paid for interest(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash payments for income taxes, net(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equipment financed under capital leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equipment received for noncash consideration . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reduction in lease financing obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross borrowings from revolver(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross repayments to revolver(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(a)—Amounts are presented on a total company basis.

24. Related Party Transactions

March 3,

2018

$ 405,579
87,087
$
13,123
$
$
2,044
4,740
$
$
28,869
$4,221,000
$6,651,000

Year Ended
March 4,

2017

$ 409,692
17,081
$
7,551
$
$
746
—
$
27,232
$3,608,000
$3,278,000

February 27,

2016

$ 403,727
4,856
$
9,614
$
$
3,011
—
$
50,391
$4,729,000
$4,354,000

There were receivables from related parties of $21 and $34 at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017,

respectively.

As contemplated by the terminated merger with WBA, on December 31, 2015, the Board of
Directors of the Company approved the adoption of a retention and severance program upon the
recommendation of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the ‘‘Committee’’), which was advised
by the Committee’s independent compensation consultant, to enhance employee retention and
corporate performance through the closing of the merger, and authorized the Company to enter into
individual retention award agreements with certain of its executive officers. The individual retention
award agreements provide for the lump-sum payment of the retention award on the one hundred
twentieth day following the closing of the merger (the ‘‘retention date’’), subject to continued
employment through such retention date or upon the earlier termination of the recipient’s employment
by the Company without ‘‘cause’’ or by the recipient for ‘‘good reason’’ (as such terms are defined in
the Company’s 2014 Omnibus Equity Plan) (each referred to as a ‘‘qualifying termination’’). The
Company executed retention award agreements on December 31, 2015 with certain Company executive
officers, which provided for the grant of retention awards under the terms described above and, for tax
planning purposes, provide for the accelerated payment of the executive’s fiscal year 2016 bonus in
2015, the accelerated lapse of restrictions on certain time-based restricted stock awards in 2015 and, to
the extent necessary for one executive officer, the accelerated payment of the retention award in 2015,
in each case subject to repayment requirements on the part of the executive if the executive would not
have otherwise become entitled to such payments. During fiscal 2016, the Company made advance
payments to certain executives of $500 for retention bonuses and $1,778 of fiscal 2016 performance
bonuses for tax planning purposes.

150

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information

Rite Aid Corporation conducts the majority of its business through its subsidiaries. With the

exception of EIC, substantially all of Rite Aid Corporation’s 100 percent owned subsidiaries guarantee
the obligations under the Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility, secured guaranteed
notes and unsecured guaranteed notes (the ‘‘Subsidiary Guarantors’’). Additionally, with the exception
of EIC, the subsidiaries, including joint ventures, that do not guarantee the Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Credit Facility, secured guaranteed notes and unsecured guaranteed notes, are minor.

For the purposes of preparing the information below, Rite Aid Corporation uses the equity

method to account for its investment in subsidiaries. The equity method has been used by Subsidiary
Guarantors with respect to investments in the non-guarantor subsidiaries. The subsidiary guarantees
related to the Company’s Amended and Restated Senior Secured Credit Facility and secured
guaranteed notes and, on an unsecured basis, the unsecured guaranteed notes, are full and
unconditional and joint and several. Presented below is condensed consolidating financial information
for Rite Aid Corporation, the Subsidiary Guarantors, and the non-guarantor subsidiaries at March 3,
2018, March 4, 2017 and for the fiscal years ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27,
2016. Separate financial statements for Subsidiary Guarantors are not presented.

151

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet

March 3, 2018

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations

Consolidated

(in thousands)

ASSETS
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories, net of LIFO reserve of $0, $581,090,
$0, $0, and $581,090 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intangibles, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

— $
—

441,244
1,502,507
223,413

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
8,745,390
—
—
—
$8,745,390

1,799,539
176,678
438,137
4,581,518
1,431,246
1,421,120
539,115
594,019
54,076
3,189,419
209,926
—
$12,020,439

$

6,090
366,593
—

—
4,503
—
377,186
—
—
51,328
—
—
—
7,282
—
$435,796

$

— $ 447,334
1,869,100
—
—

(223,413)(a)

—
—
—
(223,413)
—
—
—
—

(8,799,466)(b)
(3,189,419)(a)

—
—
$(12,212,298)

1,799,539
181,181
438,137
4,735,291
1,431,246
1,421,120
590,443
594,019
—
—
217,208
—
$8,989,327

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:

Current maturities of long-term debt and lease

financing obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued salaries, wages and other current

Current liabilities held for sales

liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, less current maturities . . . . . . . .
Lease financing obligations, less current maturities
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commitments and contingencies
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity . . . . .

$

$

90
—
—

20,671
1,641,676

9,687
— 223,413

$

— $

— $
—

(223,413)(a)

20,761
1,651,363
—

65,223
549,549
614,862
3,340,099
—
3,189,419
—
—
7,144,380
—
1,601,010
$8,745,390

1,031,379
10,656
2,704,382
—
30,775
—
539,892
—
3,275,049
—
8,745,390
$12,020,439

135,134
—
368,234
—
—
—
13,486
—
381,720
—
54,076
$435,796

(3,189,419)(a)

—
—
(223,413)
—
—

1,231,736
560,205
3,464,065
3,340,099
30,775
—
553,378
—
7,388,317
—
(8,799,466)(b) 1,601,010
$8,989,327

—
—
(3,412,832)
—

$(12,212,298)

(a) Elimination of intercompany accounts receivable and accounts payable amounts.

(b) Elimination of investments in consolidated subsidiaries.

152

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet

March 4, 2017

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations

Consolidated

ASSETS
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts receivable, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories, net of LIFO reserve of $0, $607,326,
$0, $0, and $607,326 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . .
Current assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other intangibles, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment in subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany receivable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent assets held for sale . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(in thousands)

$

— $
—

213,104
1,506,288
215,862

$ 32,306
264,838
—

$

— $
—

(215,862)(a)

245,410
1,771,126
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
15,275,488
—
—
—
$15,275,488

1,789,541
203,033
1,047,670
4,975,498
1,526,462
1,682,847
661,778
1,505,564
50,004
7,331,675
215,917
882,268
$18,832,013

—
—
—
(215,862)
—
—
—
—

—
8,508
—
305,652
—
—
53,628
—
— (15,325,492)(b)
—
(7,331,675)(a)
—
—
$359,280

—
—
$(22,873,029)

1,789,541
211,541
1,047,670
5,065,288
1,526,462
1,682,847
715,406
1,505,564
—
—
215,917
882,268
$11,593,752

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:

Current maturities of long-term debt and lease

financing obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued salaries, wages and other current

Current liabilities held for sales

liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt, less current maturities . . . . . . . .
Lease financing obligations, less current maturities
Intercompany payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent liabilities held for sale . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commitments and contingencies
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Total stockholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity . . . . .

$

$

90
—
—

17,619
1,609,025

4,884
— 215,862

$

— $

— $
—

(215,862)(a)

17,709
1,613,909
—

66,365
—
66,455
3,235,888
—
7,331,675
—
4,027,400
14,661,418
—
614,070
$15,275,488

1,207,240
32,683
2,866,567
—
37,204
—
622,762
29,992
3,556,525
—
15,275,488
$18,832,013

67,342
—
288,088
—
—
—
21,188

309,276
—
50,004
$359,280

—
—
(215,862)
—
—

(7,331,675)(a)

—

(7,547,537)
—

(15,325,492)(b)
$(22,873,029)

1,340,947
32,683
3,005,248
3,235,888
37,204
—
643,950
4,057,392
10,979,682
—
614,070
$11,593,752

(a) Elimination of intercompany accounts receivable and accounts payable amounts.

(b) Elimination of investments in consolidated subsidiaries.

153

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended March 3, 2018

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations

Consolidated

Revenues
Costs and expenses:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses
. . .
Lease termination and impairment expenses . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. termination fee . .
Gain on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax . . .

Income (loss) from continuing operations before

income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from continuing operations . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income (loss)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

— $21,413,734

$209,356

$

(94,122)(a) $21,528,968

(in thousands)

—
—
—
183,825
—
(325,000)
—
(1,034,775)
(1,175,950)

16,645,136
4,635,531
58,765
19,261
261,727
—
(25,872)
(4,072)
21,590,476

197,084
16,496
—
(318)
—
—
—
—
213,262

1,175,950
—
1,175,950
(232,480)
943,470
7,255
950,725

$

$

(176,742)
313,965
(490,707)
1,525,482
$ 1,034,775
7,255
$ 1,042,030

(3,906)
(7,978)
4,072
—
4,072
—
4,072

$

$

(765)(a)

(93,357)(a) 16,748,863
4,651,262
58,765
202,768
261,727
(325,000)
(25,872)
—
21,572,513

—
—
—
—
—

944,725

1,038,847(b)

(1,038,847)
—
(1,038,847)
—

$(1,038,847)(b) $

(7,255)
$(1,046,102)

$

(43,545)
305,987
(349,532)
1,293,002
943,470
7,255
950,725

(a) Elimination of intercompany revenues and expenses.

(b) Elimination of equity in earnings of subsidiaries.

154

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended March 4, 2017

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations

Consolidated

Revenues
Costs and expenses:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses
. . .
Lease termination and impairment expenses . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax . . .

Income (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from continuing operations . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income (loss)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

— $22,821,940

$223,077

$(117,477)(a) $22,927,540

(in thousands)

—
—
—
182,282
—
(418,261)
(235,979)
235,979
—
235,979
(231,926)
4,053
$
5,464
9,517

$

17,767,363
4,763,176
45,778
17,796
(6,649)
5,101
22,592,565
229,375
43,013
186,362
231,899
418,261
5,464
423,725

$

$

213,225
13,541
—
(13)
—
—
226,753
(3,676)
1,425
(5,101)
—
$ (5,101)
—
$ (5,101)

(117,755)(a)
278(a)
—
—
—

413,160(b)
295,683
(413,160)
—

(413,160)(b)

—
$(413,160)
(5,464)
$(418,624)

17,862,833
4,776,995
45,778
200,065
(6,649)
—
22,879,022
48,518
44,438
4,080
(27)
4,053
5,464
9,517

$

$

(a) Elimination of intercompany revenues and expenses.

(b) Elimination of equity in earnings of subsidiaries.

155

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended February 27, 2016

Revenues
Costs and expenses:

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses
. . .
Lease termination and impairment expenses . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on debt retirement, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in earnings of subsidiaries, net of tax . . .

Income (loss) before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax expense (benefit) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income (loss) from continuing operations . . . .
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations . .
Net income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other comprehensive (loss) income . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income (loss)

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations

Consolidated

$

— $20,765,351

$162,620

$(157,734)(a) $20,770,237

(in thousands)

—
—
—
151,862
33,205
—
(613,974)
(428,907)
428,907
—
428,907
(263,442)
$ 165,465
(1,931)
$ 163,534

15,778,258
4,572,146
40,477
34,268
—
(606)
3,972
20,428,515
336,836
49,681
287,155
326,819
613,974
(1,931)
612,043

$

$

154,838
11,921
—
2
—
—
—
166,761
(4,141)
(169)
(3,972)
—
$ (3,972)
—
$ (3,972)

(154,838)(a)
(2,896)(a)

—
—
—
—

610,002(b)
452,268
(610,002)
—

(610,002)(b)

—
$(610,002)
1,931
$(608,071)

$

$

15,778,258
4,581,171
40,477
186,132
33,205
(606)
—
20,618,637
151,600
49,512
102,088
63,377
165,465
(1,931)
163,534

(a) Elimination of intercompany revenues and expenses.

(b) Elimination of equity in earnings of subsidiaries.

156

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended March 3, 2018

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent

Subsidiary

Guarantor

Non-

Company Only) Guarantors Subsidiaries Eliminations Consolidated

Operating activities:

Net cash provided by operating activities

. . .

$

158,247

$

379,439

$(26,216)

$

— $

511,470

(in thousands)

Investing activities:

Payments for property, plant and equipment . . .
Intangible assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from dispositions of assets and

investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from insured loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash (used in) provided by investing

activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financing activities:

Net payments to revolver . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on long-term debt . . . . . . .
Change in zero balance cash accounts . . . . . . .
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock . .
Payments for taxes related to net share

settlement of equity awards . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) financing

activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash flows of discontinued operations:
Operating activities of discontinued operations . . .
Investing activities of discontinued operations . . .
Financing activities of discontinued operations . . .
Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents .
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period . .
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period . . . . . .

—
—
3,460,291

—
—

(185,879)
(28,885)
—

27,586
4,239

3,460,291

(182,939)

—
—
—
—

—
(3,460,291)

(265,000)
(9,882)
35,605
5,796

(4,103)
—

(3,460,291)

(237,584)

(245,126)
—
—
3,496,222
— (3,140,119)

—
—
—
— $

110,977
201,924
245,410
447,334

—
—
—

—
—

—

(265,000)
—
—
5,796

—
3,460,291

(185,879)
(28,885)
(3,460,291)

27,586
4,239

(3,643,230)

—
(9,882)
35,605
—

(4,103)
—

3,201,087

21,620

(224,300)
—
(3,135,034)

(20,826)
3,496,222
(5,085)

—
—
—

—
—

—

—
—
—
—

—
—

—

—
—
—

(3,359,334)
—
—
— $

3,470,311
228,140
213,104
441,244

$

—
(26,216)
32,306
$ 6,090

$

157

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended March 4, 2017

Operating activities:

Net cash (used in) provided by operating

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Investing activities:

Payments for property, plant and equipment
. .
Intangible assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from dispositions of assets and

investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash (used in) provided by investing

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financing activities:

Net proceeds from revolver . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . .
Principal payments on long-term debt
Change in zero balance cash accounts
. . . . . .
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock .
Excess tax benefit on stock options and

restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Payments for taxes related to net share

settlement of equity awards . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) financing

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash flows of discontinued operations:
Operating activities of discontinued operations . .
Investing activities of discontinued operations . . .
Financing activities of discontinued operations
. .

Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents .
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period . .
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period . . . . . .

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent
Company

Only)

Subsidiary
Guarantors

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries
(in thousands)

Eliminations

Consolidated

$(162,842)

$ 347,465

$(1,596)

$

—

$ 183,027

—
—
—

—

—

330,000
—
—
6,951

—

—
57,817

(254,149)
(39,648)
(57,817)

16,852

(334,762)

—
(16,588)
43,080
—

543

(6,254)
—

394,768

20,781

(231,926)
—
—

(231,926)
—
—
—

$

281,016
(187,314)
(4,651)

89,051
122,535
90,569
$ 213,104

—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
—

—

—
—

—

—
—
—

—
(1,596)
33,902
$32,306

$

—
—
57,817

—

(254,149)
(39,648)
—

16,852

57,817

(276,945)

—
—
—
—

—

—
(57,817)

330,000
(16,588)
43,080
6,951

543

(6,254)
—

(57,817)

357,732

—
—
—

—
—
—
—

49,090
(187,314)
(4,651)

(142,875)
120,939
124,471
$ 245,410

158

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

25. Guarantor and Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidating Financial Information (Continued)

Rite Aid Corporation

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows

For the Year Ended February 27, 2016

Rite Aid

Corporation

(Parent
Company

Only)

Subsidiary
Guarantors

Non-

Guarantor
Subsidiaries
(in thousands)

Eliminations

Consolidated

$ (124,429)

$

841,258

$(6,486)

$

—

$

710,343

—
—
(1,778,377)
(103,834)
—

(391,199)
(89,874)
—
(794,422)
26,953

—

9,773

(1,882,211)

(1,238,769)

1,800,000
375,000
(650,079)
—
11,376
(26,003)

—

—
(34,634)
794,422

—
—
(17,415)
(62,878)
—
—

22,884

(17,506)
—
63,446

—
—
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
—
—
—

—

—
—
—
898,256
—

—

(391,199)
(89,874)
(1,778,377)
—
26,953

9,773

898,256

(2,222,724)

—
—
—
—
—
—

—

1,800,000
375,000
(667,494)
(62,878)
11,376
(26,003)

22,884

(17,506)
(34,634)
—

—
—
40,388

—
—
(898,256)

Operating activities:

Net cash (used in) provided by operating

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Investing activities:

Payments for property, plant and equipment
. .
Intangible assets acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from sale-leaseback transaction . . . .
Proceeds from dispositions of assets and

investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net cash (used in) provided by investing

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt . . . .
Net proceeds from revolver . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on long-term debt
. . . . . .
Change in zero balance cash accounts
. . . . . .
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock .
Financing fees paid for early debt redemption .
Excess tax benefit on stock options and

restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Payments for taxes related to net share

settlement of equity awards . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred financing costs paid . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intercompany activity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net cash provided by (used in) financing

activities

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash flows of discontinued operations:
Operating activities of discontinued operations . .
Investing activities of discontinued operations . . .
Financing activities of discontinued operations
. .

Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents .
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period . .
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period . . . . . .

2,270,082

(11,469)

40,388

(898,256)

1,400,745

(263,442)
—
—

568,007
(179,134)
(5,223)

—
—
—

(263,442)
—
—
— $

383,650
(25,330)
115,899
90,569

$

—
33,902
—
$33,902

$

—
—
—

—
—
—
—

304,565
(179,134)
(5,223)

120,208
8,572
115,899
124,471

$

159

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

26. Interim Financial Results (Unaudited)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenues
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses
. . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . .
Goodwill impairment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Walgreens Boots Alliance merger termination fee . . .
Loss (gain) on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(Loss) income from continuing operations before

income taxes

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . .
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net

of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic (loss) income per share(b):
Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net basic (loss) income per share . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted (loss) income per share(b):
Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net diluted (loss) income per share . . . . . . . . . . . .

First

Second

Quarter(a) Quarter(a)
$5,345,011
$5,436,523
4,274,580
4,183,338
1,141,844
1,160,940
3,113
4,038
—
—
50,857
51,000
—
(325,000)
(14,951)
(5,877)
5,484,681
5,039,201

Fiscal Year 2018

Third
Quarter
$5,353,170
4,166,447
1,166,514
3,939
—
50,308
—
205
5,387,413

Fourth
Quarter
$5,394,264
4,124,498
1,181,964
47,675
261,727
50,603
—
(5,249)
5,661,218

Year

$21,528,968
16,748,863
4,651,262
58,765
261,727
202,768
(325,000)
(25,872)
21,572,513

(48,158)
(12,121)
(36,037)

305,810
117,450
188,360

(34,243)
(16,061)
(18,182)

(266,954)
216,719
(483,673)

(39,312)
$ (75,349)

(17,644)
$ 170,716

$
$
$

$
$
$

(0.03)
(0.04)
(0.07)

(0.03)
(0.04)
(0.07)

$
$
$

$
$
$

0.18
(0.02)
0.16

0.18
(0.02)
0.16

$

$
$
$

$
$
$

99,213
81,031

1,250,745
$ 767,072

(0.02)
0.10
0.08

(0.02)
0.10
0.08

$
$
$

$
$
$

(0.46)
1.19
0.73

(0.46)
1.19
0.73

$

$
$
$

$
$
$

(43,545)
305,987
(349,532)

1,293,002
943,470

(0.33)
1.23
0.90

(0.33)
1.23
0.90

160

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

26. Interim Financial Results (Unaudited) (Continued)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost of revenues
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative expenses
. . . . . .
Lease termination and impairment charges . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss (gain) on sale of assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(Loss) income from continuing operations before

income taxes

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax (benefit) expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income from continuing operations . . . . .
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net

of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net (loss) income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Basic and diluted (loss) income per share(b):
Continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net basic and diluted income per share . . . . . . . . .

First

Quarter
$5,725,485
4,496,400
1,179,775
5,778
46,668
397
5,729,018

Fiscal Year 2017

Second
Quarter
$5,629,559
4,387,845
1,175,430
7,226
49,703
(560)
5,619,644

Third
Quarter
$5,669,111
4,424,260
1,168,646
7,199
50,303
(225)
5,650,183

Fourth

Quarter(c)
$5,903,385
4,554,328
1,253,144
25,575
53,391
(6,261)
5,880,177

Year

$22,927,540
17,862,833
4,776,995
45,778
200,065
(6,649)
22,879,022

(3,533)
(3,021)
(512)

(4,076)
(4,588)

(0.00)
(0.00)
(0.00)

$

$
$
$

9,915
3,879
6,036

8,737
14,773

0.01
0.00
0.01

18,928
(4,682)
23,610

23,208
48,262
(25,054)

(8,600)
15,010

3,912
$ (21,142)

0.02
(0.01)
0.01

$
$
$

(0.02)
0.00
(0.02)

$

$
$
$

$

$
$
$

$

$
$
$

48,518
44,438
4,080

(27)
4,053

0.00
(0.00)
0.00

(a) The Company’s fiscal 2018 first and second quarterly results were recasted to reflect the application of ASC 205-20

as it relates to the Asset Sale to WBA (see Note 4. Asset Sale to WBA).

(b)

Income per share amounts for each quarter may not necessarily total to the yearly income per share due to the
weighting of shares outstanding on a quarterly and year-to-date basis.

(c) The interim financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 includes 14 weeks.

During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company recorded an income tax expense of $324,765 in

connection with the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets as discussed in Note 8, a goodwill
impairment charge of $261,727 as discussed in Note 13 ($191,000 net of the related income tax
benefit), and facilities impairment charges of $36,927. Also, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the
Company recorded a LIFO credit of $49,220 due to higher deflation on pharmacy generics as
compared to a LIFO credit recognized at prior year end caused by lower deflation on pharmacy
generics.

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company recorded facilities impairment charges of

$21,068 and a LIFO credit of $28,987 due to lower deflation on pharmacy generics.

161

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017 and February 27, 2016

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

27. Financial Instruments

The carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments at March 3, 2018 and March 4, 2017

are listed as follows:

2018

2017

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

Carrying
Amount

Fair
Value

Variable rate indebtedness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed rate indebtedness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

— $

$
$3,905,841

— $3,368,484
$3,894,894

$3,404,225
$4,152,374

$3,927,411

Cash, trade receivables and trade payables are carried at market value, which approximates their
fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. In addition, as of March 3, 2018 and
March 4, 2017, the Company had $7,282 and $6,874, respectively, of investments carried at amortized
cost, as these investments are being held to maturity. As of March 3, 2018, these investments are
included as a component of other assets. As of March 4, 2017, these investments are included as a
component of prepaid expenses and other current assets. The Company believes the carrying value of
these investments approximates their fair value.

The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating fair value disclosures for financial

instruments:

LIBOR-based borrowings under credit facilities:

The carrying amounts for LIBOR-based borrowings under the credit facilities and term notes are

estimated based on the quoted market price of the financial instruments.

Long-term indebtedness:

The fair values of long-term indebtedness are estimated based on the quoted market prices of the
financial instruments. If quoted market prices were not available, the Company estimated the fair value
based on the quoted market price of a financial instrument with similar characteristics.

162

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

For the Years Ended March 3, 2018, March 4, 2017, and February 27, 2016

(dollars in thousands)

Allowances deducted from accounts receivable for estimated
uncollectible amounts:
Year ended March 3, 2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Year ended March 4, 2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Year ended February 27, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Balance at
Beginning
of Period
$30,891
$32,820
$31,247

Additions
Charged to
Costs and
Expenses
$94,006
$72,876
$71,984

Deductions
$99,763
$74,805
$70,411

Balance at

End of
Period
$25,134
$30,891
$32,820

163

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the

registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

SIGNATURES

RITE AID CORPORATION

By:

/s/ JOHN T. STANDLEY

John T. Standley

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: April 26, 2018

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed

below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in their respective capacities on
April 26, 2018.

Signature

Title

/s/ JOHN T. STANDLEY

John T. Standley

/s/ DARREN W. KARST

Darren W. Karst

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director
(principal executive officer)

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
(principal financial officer)

/s/ MATTHEW C. SCHROEDER

Matthew C. Schroeder

Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer,
and Treasurer (principal accounting officer)

/s/ JOSEPH B. ANDERSON, JR
Joseph B. Anderson, Jr

/s/ BRUCE G. BODAKEN
Bruce G. Bodaken

/s/ DAVID R. JESSICK
David R. Jessick

/s/ KEVIN E. LOFTON
Kevin E. Lofton

Director

Director

Director

Director

164

Signature

Title

/s/ MYRTLE S. POTTER

Myrtle S. Potter

/s/ MICHAEL N. REGAN
Michael N. Regan

/s/ FRANK A. SAVAGE
Frank A. Savage

/s/ MARCY SYMS
Marcy Syms

Director

Director

Director

Director

165

STATEMENT REGARDING COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

RITE AID CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

We have calculated the ratio of earnings to fixed charges in the following table by dividing

earnings by fixed charges. For this purpose, earnings include pre-tax income from continuing operations
plus fixed charges, before capitalized interest. Fixed charges include interest, whether expensed or
capitalized, amortization of debt expense, preferred stock dividend requirement and that portion of
rental expense which is representative of the interest factor in those rentals.

Exhibit 12

Fixed charges:

Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest portion of net rental expense(1) .
Fixed charges before capitalized interest

and preferred stock dividend
requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Preferred stock dividend requirements(2)
Capitalized interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total fixed charges . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

(Loss) income before income taxes . . . . .
Preferred stock dividend requirements(2)
Fixed charges before capitalized interest .
Total adjusted earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Earnings:

March 3,

2018

(52 Weeks)

March 4,

2017

Year Ended
February 27,

2016

February 28,

2015

March 1,

2014

(53 Weeks)

(52 Weeks)

(52 Weeks)

(dollars in thousands)

(52 Weeks)

$202,768
209,504

$200,065
211,513

$186,132
202,497

$116,997
200,525

$127,569
199,018

412,272
—
223
412,495

(43,545)
—
412,272
368,727

411,578
—
129
411,707

48,518
—
411,578
460,096

388,629
—
142
388,771

151,600
—
388,629
540,229

317,522
—
105
317,627

272,333
—
317,522
589,855

326,587
16,636
197
343,420

196,858
(16,636)
343,223
523,445

Earnings to fixed charges excess

(deficiency) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(3) . . .

$(43,768) $ 48,389
1.12

0.89

$151,458
1.39

$272,228
1.86

$180,025
1.52

(1) The interest portion of net rental expense is estimated to be equal to one-third of the minimum

rental expense for the period.

(2) The preferred stock dividend requirement is computed as the pre-tax earnings that would be

required to cover preferred stock dividends.

(3) For the years ended March 1, 2014, February 28, 2015, February 27, 2016, and March 4, 2017
earnings were sufficient to cover fixed charges by approximately $180.0 million, $272.2 million,
$151.5 million, and $48.4 million, respectively. For the year ended March 3, 2018, earnings were
insufficient to cover fixed charges by approximately $43.8 million.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . North Carolina

Company
(Name in which such subsidiary conducts business if other than corporate name):
112 Burleigh Avenue Norfolk, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1515 West State Street Boise, Idaho, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1740 Associates, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3581 Carter Hill Road—Montgomery Corp.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4042 Warrensville Center Road—Warrensville Ohio, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5277 Associates, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5600 Superior Properties, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
657 - 659 Broad St. Corp.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Advance Benefits, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Apex Drug Stores, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ascend Health Technology, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Broadview and Wallings—Broadview Heights Ohio, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Design Rx, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Design Rxclusives, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Design Rx Holdings, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Eagle Managed Care Corp. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Eckerd Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EDC Drug Stores, Inc.
England Street—Asheland Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Envision Insurance Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Envision Medical Solutions, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Envision Pharmaceutical Holdings LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Envision Pharmaceutical Services, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Envision Pharmaceutical Services, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
EnvisionRx Puerto Rico, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
First Florida Insurers of Tampa, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
GDF, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Genovese Drug Stores, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Harco, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Health Dialog Services Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hunter Lane, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
JCG (PJC) USA, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
JCG Holdings (USA), Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Alabama Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Louisiana Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Mississippi Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Services, Incorporated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Tennessee Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B Texas Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
K&B, Incorporated . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Keystone Centers, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lakehurst and Broadway Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Laker Software, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maxi Drug North, Inc.
Maxi Drug South, L.P.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maxi Drug, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maxi Green, Inc.
MedTrak Services, L.L.C.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Munson & Andrews, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Exhibit 21

State of

Incorporation
or Organization

Virginia
Delaware
Michigan
Alabama

Ohio

Washington

Ohio

New Jersey

Florida
Michigan
Delaware

Ohio

Wyoming
Wyoming
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware

Virginia

Ohio
Florida
Delaware
Nevada
Ohio

Delaware
Florida
Maryland
Delaware
Alabama
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Alabama
Louisiana
Mississippi
Louisiana
Tennessee

Texas

Delaware

Pennsylvania
New Jersey
Minnesota
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Vermont
Delaware
Delaware

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Massachusetts
Rhode Island

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Massachusetts

Company
(Name in which such subsidiary conducts business if other than corporate name):
Name Rite, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Orchard Pharmaceutical Services, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
P.J.C. Distribution, Inc.
P.J.C. Realty Co., Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Patton Drive and Navy Boulevard Property Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PDS-1 Michigan, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Perry Distributors, Inc.
Perry Drug Stores Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Dorchester Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC East Lyme Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Haverhill Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Hermitage Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Hyde Park Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Lease Holdings, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Manchester Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Mansfield Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC New London Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC of Massachusetts, Inc.
PJC of Rhode Island, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC of Vermont, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Peterborough Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Providence Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Realty MA, Inc.
PJC Realty N.E. LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Revere Realty LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PJC Special Realty Holdings, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ram—Utica, Inc.
RDS Detroit, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
READ’s Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
RediClinic LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Drug Palace, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Hdqtrs. Corp.
Rite Aid Hdqtrs. Funding, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Lease Management Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Alabama, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Connecticut, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Delaware, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Florida, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Georgia, Inc.
Rite Aid of Illinois, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Indiana, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Kentucky, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Maine, Inc.
Rite Aid of Maryland, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid of Massachusetts, Inc.
Rite Aid of Michigan, Inc.
Rite Aid of New Hampshire, Inc.
Rite Aid of New Jersey, Inc.
Rite Aid of New York, Inc.
Rite Aid of North Carolina, Inc.
Rite Aid of Ohio, Inc.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

State of

Incorporation
or Organization

Delaware

Ohio

Delaware
Delaware
Florida
Michigan
Michigan
Michigan
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware

Vermont
Delaware
Delaware

Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Michigan
Michigan
Maryland
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
California
Alabama

Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky

Maine

Maryland

Michigan

New Jersey
New York

Ohio

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Massachusetts

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . New Hampshire

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . North Carolina

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Washington DC
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . West Virginia

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Company
(Name in which such subsidiary conducts business if other than corporate name):
Rite Aid of Pennsylvania, Inc.
Rite Aid of South Carolina, Inc.
Rite Aid of Tennessee, Inc.
Rite Aid of Vermont, Inc.
Rite Aid of Virginia, Inc.
Rite Aid of Washington, D.C., Inc.
Rite Aid of West Virginia, Inc.
Rite Aid Online Store Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Payroll Management Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Realty Corp.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Rome Distribution Center, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Services, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Specialty Pharmacy LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Aid Transport, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Fund, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Investments Corp.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rite Investments Corp., LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rx Choice, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rx Initiatives, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rx Options, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Silver Springs Road—Baltimore, Maryland/One, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Silver Springs Road—Baltimore, Maryland/Two, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Jean Coutu Group (PJC) USA, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Lane Drug Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thrift Drug Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thrifty Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thrifty PayLess, Inc.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tyler and Sanders Roads—Birmingham, Alabama, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

State of

Incorporation
or Organization
Pennsylvania
South Carolina

Tennessee
Vermont
Virginia

Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
New York
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware

Utah
Ohio

Delaware
Delaware
Delaware

Ohio

Delaware
California
California
Delaware

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-61734,

333-107824, 333-124725, 333-146531, 333-167720, 333-182320, 333-196904 and 333-08071 on Forms S-8
of our reports dated April 26, 2018, relating to the financial statements and financial statement
schedule of Rite Aid Corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Rite Aid Corporation and
subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Rite Aid Corporation for the year ended March 3, 2018.

Exhibit 23

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
April 26, 2018

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1

I, John T. Standley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:
1.
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rite Aid Corporation (the ‘‘Registrant’’);

omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining

disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (‘‘the Exchange Act’’)) and internal controls over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the
Registrant and have:
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and

procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over

financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and

presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting

that occurred during the Registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of
the Registrant’s board of directors:
a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal

control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant’s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a

significant role in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 26, 2018

By: /s/ JOHN T. STANDLEY

John T. Standley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2

I, Darren W. Karst, Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative
Officer, certify that:
1.
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Rite Aid Corporation (the ‘‘Registrant’’);

omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining

disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (‘‘the Exchange Act’’)) and internal controls over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the
Registrant and have:
a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and

procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over

financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and

presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting

that occurred during the Registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The Registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of
the Registrant’s board of directors:
a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal

control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant’s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a

significant role in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 26, 2018

By: /s/ DARREN W. KARST

Darren W. Karst
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer

Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to

18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as Adopted Pursuant to

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Exhibit 32

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rite Aid Corporation (the ‘‘Company’’)
for the annual period ended March 3, 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the ‘‘Report’’), John T. Standley, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Darren W. Karst, as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Administrative Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted
pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial

condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ JOHN T. STANDLEY
Name: John T. Standley
Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Date: April 26, 2018

/s/ DARREN W. KARST
Name: Darren W. Karst
Title: Senior Executive Vice President, Chief

Financial Officer and Chief Administrative
Officer

Date: April 26, 2018

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)

