2017 ANNUAL REPORT

The Sherwin-Williams Company was founded 
by Henry Sherwin and Edward Williams in 1866. 
Today, we are a global leader in the manufacture, 
development, distribution and sale of paint, coatings 
and related products to professional, industrial, 
commercial and retail customers.

The Company manufactures products under well-known brands such as Sherwin-
Williams®, Valspar®, Dutch Boy®, HGTV HOME® by Sherwin-Williams, Krylon®, 
Minwax®, Cabot®, Thompson’s® Water Seal® and many more. With global 
headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio, Sherwin-Williams® branded products are sold 
exclusively through more than 5,100 company-operated stores and facilities, while 
the Company’s other brands are sold through leading mass merchandisers, home 
centers, independent paint dealers, hardware stores, automotive retailers and 
industrial distributors. For more information, visit www.sherwin-williams.com. 

The Company is comprised of three reportable segments, which together provide 
our customers with innovative solutions to ensure their success, no matter where 
they work, or what surfaces they are coating.

The Americas Group operates the exclusive outlets for Sherwin-Williams® 
branded paints, stains, supplies, equipment and floor covering in the U.S., 
Canada and the Caribbean. The Group also manufactures and sells a wide range 
of architectural paints, industrial coatings and related products across Latin 
America through company-operated stores and dedicated dealers.

The Consumer Brands Group sells one of the industry’s most recognized 
portfolios of branded and private-label products through retailers across  
North America and in parts of Europe, Australia, New Zealand and China,  
and also operates a highly efficient global supply chain for paint, coatings and 
related products.

The Performance Coatings Group sells a wide range of coatings and finishes and 
sells to a growing customer base in general industrial, industrial wood, protective 
and marine, coil, packaging and automotive markets in more than 110 countries.

The Sherwin-Williams Company is an equal opportunity employer that recruits, selects and hires on the basis of 
individual qualifications and prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, 
protected veteran status, disability, age, sexual orientation or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, 
state or local laws.

CONTENTS

 
1 
2 
8 
10 
12 
14 
16 
17 

Our Global Footprint
Financial Highlights
Letter to Shareholders
At a Glance
The Americas Group
Consumer Brands Group
Performance Coatings Group
Shareholder Returns
Financial Performance

26  
branches 

CANADA

1 
facility

227 

paint stores

3  
facilities

2

facilities

1 
 branch

80 

paint stores

CARIBBEAN

LATIN AMERICA / 
SOUTH AMERICA

16  
branches

10  
facilities

18  
facilities

353 

paint stores

40 
facilities

11  
facilities

3,960 

paint stores

228  

branches

UNITED 
STATES

70
7
65
46
262
76
41
16

197
54
55
199
12
84
10
91
334
36
11
124
100
19
81
12

The Americas Group’s Stores
UNITED STATES 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
District of  
Columbia 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 

Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 
CANADA
Alberta 
27
British Columbia  48
Manitoba 
8
New Brunswick 
4
Newfoundland 
2
Nova Scotia 
6
Ontario 
87
Prince Edward Island  1
Quebec 
37
Saskatchewan 
7
CARIBBEAN 
80
LATIN AMERICA 
Brazil 
Chile 
Ecuador 
Mexico 
Peru 
Uruguay 
TOTAL  

5
306
157
12
27
153
95
42
44
58
69
25
84
62
114
63
57
76
18
23
24
21
96
23
137
158
9

103
56
32
148
3
11
4,620

16 

branches

9 

facilities
28  
facilities

EMEAI

ASIA/PACIFIC

3 

 branches

6 

facilities

9 

facilities

Our Global 
Footprint

The Americas Group 

Consumer Brands Group  

Performance Coatings Group 

Corporate headquarters

90 

paint stores

3 

facilities

AUSTRALIA/NEW ZEALAND

As a global leader in the development, manufacture and sale of paint, coatings and 
related products, Sherwin-Williams has an extensive retail presence throughout the 
Americas, and growing service capabilities in Europe and Asia/Pacific. The Americas 
Group has 4,267 company-operated specialty paint stores in the United States, Canada 
and the Caribbean. More than 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within a 50-mile 
radius of a Sherwin-Williams store. The Americas Group operates 353 stores throughout 
Latin America and sells through more than 700 dedicated dealer outlets, primarily 
located in Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay. The Consumer Brands  
Group includes company-operated outlets in Australia and New Zealand, and a highly 
efficient global supply chain consisting of 84 manufacturing plants and distribution 
centers. The Performance Coatings Group sells to a growing customer base in more than 
100 countries around the world and has approximately 290 company-operated general 
industrial, industrial wood, protective and marine, and automotive branches. 

Financial 
Highlights

(thousands of dollars except per common share data)

Net sales(1)

Net income from continuing operations(2)

Per common share:

Diluted net income per common share from continuing operations(3)

Cash dividends

Average common shares outstanding – diluted (thousands)

Return on sales

Return on assets

Return on beginning shareholders’ equity

Total debt to capitalization

Interest coverage(4)

 

 

 

 

 

2017

$ 14,983,788

$  1,813,802

$ 

$ 

19.11

3.40

94,927

12.1%

9.1%

96.6%

74.0%

6.8x

 

 

 

 

 

2016

 

2015

$ 11,855,602 

  $ 11,339,304

$ 

1,132,703

  $  1,053,849

$ 

$ 

 

 11.99

3.36 

94,488 

9.6%

 16.8%

130.5%   

51.0%

11.4x

  $ 

  $ 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

11.15

2.68

94,543

9.3%

18.2%

105.8%

69.2%

26.1x

NET SALES (1)
millions of dollars

NET INCOME FROM 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS (2) 
millions of dollars

DILUTED NET INCOME   
PER SHARE FROM 
CONTINUING OPERATIONS (3)

NET OPERATING CASH 
millions of dollars

4
8
9
4
1
$

,

9
3
3
,
1
1
$

6
5
8
,
1
1
$

4
1
8
,
1
$

3
3
1
,
1
$

4
5
0
,
1
$

1
1
.
9
1
$

5
1
.
1
1
$

9
9
.
1
1
$

4
8
8
,
1
$

7
4
4
,
1
$

9
0
3
,
1
$

15 

16 

17

15 

16 

17

15 

16 

17

15 

16 

17

(1)  2017 includes Valspar sales since June 1, 2017.
(2)  2017 includes the following: (a) one-time income tax benefit of $668.8 million from Deferred income tax reductions (see Note 14), (b) after-tax acquisition-  
related costs and purchase accounting adjustments of $285.1 million, and (c) after-tax contribution from Valspar operations of $76.0 million. 2016 includes   
 
 
after-tax acquisition-related costs of $81.5 million.
(3)  2017 includes the following: (a) one-time benefit of $7.04 per share from Deferred income tax reductions (see Note 14), (b) charge of $3.00 per share for  
 
 
(4)  Ratio of income before income taxes and interest expense to interest expense.

acquisition-related costs and purchase accounting impacts, and (c) $0.80 per share contribution from Valspar operations. 2016 includes a charge of $0.86 per  
share for acquisition-related costs.

 

  1

Letter to 
Shareholders

John G. Morikis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Allen J. Mistysyn, Senior Vice President –  
Finance and Chief Financial Officer

The Sherwin-Williams Company described in the pages of this  
annual report differs in many meaningful ways from the company  
we reported on just one year ago. 

With the completion of the Valspar acquisition on June 1, 2017, we are a larger, more 

diversified and more global enterprise. We are also a more complex and disparate company 
with higher balance sheet leverage. I have heard from many institutional investors over the past 
year that large-scale acquisitions often fail to create significant shareholder value. Based on our 
experience thus far, I believe our acquisition of Valspar will prove to be a convincing exception to 
this rule. 

The successful integration of Valspar will create a faster-growing, more profitable company. 

Since closing the acquisition, we have invested considerable effort and energy in fortifying our 
customer relationships, defining the right organizational structure and building momentum in 
every line of business. We detail our integration progress in a special section on page 7 and 
throughout this annual report, and we are delighted to welcome the talented employees of 
Valspar to the Sherwin-Williams family. 

2017 was also a year of many financial milestones, including record sales for the seventh 
consecutive year and record earnings for the sixth straight year. Consolidated sales increased 
26.4 percent to $14.98 billion, EBITDA – or “Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation  
and Amortization” – increased 17.3 percent to $2.28 billion, net income from continuing 
operations increased 60.1 percent to $1.81 billion, and diluted earnings per share from  
continuing operations increased 59.4 percent to $19.11. Cash flow from operations increased 
44.0 percent to $1.88 billion. Total shareholder return for the year was 54.1 percent compared to 
21.8 percent for the S&P 500 and 31.6 percent for our peer group. These full-year results include 
seven months of Valspar-related sales and earnings, purchase accounting adjustments, and 

2

transaction and integration costs. Our reported results also include 
a one-time benefit from deferred income tax liabilities related to 
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017 and Valspar 
subsidiary mergers (Deferred income tax reductions).

Strength in the core Sherwin-Williams business underpins 

these consolidated results. If you exclude the impacts from Valspar 
and the Deferred income tax reductions:

• 

Consolidated sales for the year increased 5.6 percent  
to $12.5 billion,

•  Operating Profit improved 6 percent to $1.92 billion,
• 
• 
• 

Profit Before Tax grew 6.5 percent to $1.84 billion,
EBITDA increased 5.8 percent to $2.12 billion,
Comparable diluted Earnings Per Share increased  
11.1 percent to $14.27 per share.

Record cash generation during the year enabled us to invest 
in growth, increase our annual dividend for the 39th consecutive 
year, and pay down debt at a rapid pace. The Americas Group 
opened 101 net new stores, finishing the year with 4,620 stores 
in operation. We also paid $319.0 million in cash dividends and 
retired over $1 billion in debt. Given these priorities, we made no 
open market purchases of our common stock for treasury in 2017.

With the distractions inherent in integrating two large 

organizations into one, it was vital to keep our teams focused on 
delivering the value to our customers that will drive sustained 
growth and profitability over the long term. Each of our three 
reportable segments contributed to our success in 2017. 

THE AMERICAS GROUP
The Americas Group segment teams in the United States, 
Canada, Caribbean and all of Latin America have been focused on 
collaboration and sharing resources and expertise. We strongly 
believe these efforts will result in accelerated growth across  
the region.

In the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean, we remain the 

largest operator of specialty paint stores, servicing the needs 
of architectural and industrial painting contractors and do-it-
yourself homeowners. In Latin America, we sell a variety of 
branded architectural paint, coatings and related products through 
company-operated specialty paint stores and third party retailers, 
dealers, licensees and other distributors. 

In 2017, The Americas Group net sales increased 8.8 percent 
compared to the prior year to $9.12 billion. The growth was driven 
by higher architectural paint sales volume across all segments 
and selling price increases. Full-year net sales by stores in the 
U.S., Canada and the Caribbean, open more than 12 calendar 
months, increased 6.3 percent, and net sales in the Latin America 
region increased 4.5 percent, both as compared to the prior year. 
Segment profit increased 10.2 percent to $1.77 billion, and segment 
operating margin increased 30 basis points to 19.4 percent 
compared to the prior year. 

By our estimate, our company-operated stores in the U.S. 

grew architectural paint sales volumes at a rate of approximately 
two times the rate of U.S. market growth, and our protective and 
marine coatings business reversed a two-year negative sales 
trend. During the year, we opened 87 net new stores in the U.S., 
Canada and the Caribbean, bringing total store count in the region 
to 4,267. Our customers responded favorably to multiple new 
product introductions, including Extreme Cover™ Interior Stain 
Blocking Paint and Primer in One, Emerald® Interior/Exterior Water-
Based Urethane Trim Enamel, and ProMar® 200HP Zero VOC 
Interior Acrylic. J.D. Power recognized us for “Highest in Customer 
Satisfaction among Interior Paints.”*

In Latin America, selling price increases enabled us to grow 

revenues in the full year, though underlying economic conditions in 
the region remained challenging. We continued to position ourselves 
for long-term growth, adding 14 new company-operated stores  
in the region, bringing our total to 353. We also added 65 new 
dedicated dealers, bringing our total to more than 700. We are 
adopting some best practices from our U.S. stores in Latin America, 
with initial emphasis on customer segmentation and new account 
development. Some high-potential new products introduced in the 
region during the year were ProCraft® flat interior paint, ProCraft® 
ceiling paint, and Krylon® Super Maxx premium fast-drying aerosol, 
all based on successful product platforms in the U.S. and Canada. 
We also released our ColorSnap® App in Spanish and Portuguese  
to assist consumers with the challenging process of color selection 
and coordination.

CONSUMER BRANDS GROUP
The Consumer Brands Group sells a broad portfolio of branded 
product lines through a variety of independent retail outlets in the 
United States, Canada, United Kingdom, China, Australia and New 
Zealand. In 2017, the Consumer Brands Group net sales increased  
41.1 percent compared to the prior year to $2.15 billion, but segment 
profit decreased 25.0 percent year-over-year to $226.0 million  
and segment operating margin decreased 920 basis points to  
10.5 percent compared to 2016. Segment profit and operating 
margin in the year include acquisition purchase accounting charges 
of $107.6 million that were partially offset by Valspar profit from 
operations of $71.7 million. Excluding the impact of Valspar, core 
sales for the Group decreased 8.4 percent, core segment profit 
decreased 13.0 percent, and core operating margin decreased  
100 basis points, all compared to the prior year. 

The results for our core Consumer Brands Group business in 
2017 were disappointing. Demand was soft across most product 
categories, retail channels and geographies throughout the year. 
This weakness was particularly acute in Europe and in smaller retail 
accounts across the U.S. and Canada. Many retailers responded 
to slower sales of architectural paint to Do-It-Yourself customers 

*Sherwin-Williams received the highest numerical score among Interior Paints in the  
J.D. Power 2017 Paint Satisfaction Study, based on 4,625 total responses from 12 companies 
measuring experiences and perceptions of customers, surveyed February-March 2017.  
Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.

  3

by scaling back inventory. The impact of weak sales volumes 
on segment profit was exacerbated by rising raw material costs 
throughout the year.

Although the Consumer Brands Group results fell short of 

expectations in 2017, we remain confident in the future prospects 
for this Group for many reasons. The combined portfolio of brands 
managed by this talented team is second to none in the paint and 
coatings category in terms of appeal to retailers and end users. 
Brands such as Valspar® and HGTV HOME® by Sherwin-Williams 
paints, Minwax® stains and varnishes, Purdy® applicator tools, 
Cabot® stains, Krylon® aerosol paint and Thompson’s® WaterSeal® 
waterproofing products, to name a few, rank among the best-
known, most sought-after brands in their respective categories. 
Above all, we are excited about the category expertise and 
strong customer relationships the Valspar acquisition brings to 
this segment. The integration of Valspar sales and marketing 
teams is, for the most part, complete with little or no customer 
disruption. We are addressing the persistent raw material inflation 
by implementing price increases across all retail channels and 
customers, which we expect will benefit results for the Group  
in 2018.

With the completion of the Valspar acquisition 
on June 1, 2017, we are a larger, more diversified 
and more global enterprise.

In 2017, the Valspar paint brand was recognized by J.D. Power 
as the “Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Exterior Paints.”* 
The power of the Valspar brand and the caliber of the Valspar 
sales team have strengthened our relationship with key retailers 
and provided additional tools and expertise to help convert more 
shoppers into buyers. Valspar also enhances our global scale, 
bringing us platforms to build upon with Huarun™, a leading 
Chinese domestic paint brand, and Wattyl®, a leading product 
brand and a chain of company-operated outlets in Australia and 
New Zealand. 

The success of our reportable segments is supported by a 
highly efficient global supply chain and research & development 
organization, all managed within our Consumer Brands Group 
segment. Innovation remains a core competency of this 
organization, validated by the introduction of more than 20 new 
architectural products in 2017. With the addition of Valspar’s 
supply chain assets, we now operate 84 manufacturing and 
distribution facilities worldwide. While this added capacity will 
reduce the need for future capital investments, we see meaningful 
opportunities to further optimize our global footprint in support of 
profitable growth. In 2017, we exited three non-essential facilities 

and announced our intention to consolidate five others. We opened 
a new distribution center in Waco, Texas, and a new manufacturing 
site in Nantong, China, to help us capitalize on our rapid growth in 
both regions. 

Our commercial transportation fleet covered a record  

74 million miles in 2017 – 7.3 percent more than in 2016 – and  
was awarded a SmartWay Excellence Award for superior 
environmental performance and reduction of freight emissions 
through collaborative and operational practices. Our fleet also 
earned the National Private Truck Council (NPTC) 2017 Fleet of 
the Year Safety Award. Safety and quality remain top priorities 
throughout the organization, and many of our facilities have 
experienced no recordable injuries for multiple years. At the end 
of 2017, we had 28 VPP Star sites, 12 OHSAS 18001 sites in the 
U.S. and 44 ISO 14001 sites globally – more certifications than any 
other paint and coatings manufacturer. 

PERFORMANCE COATINGS GROUP
In 2017, net sales by our Performance Coatings Group increased 
90.4 percent compared to the prior year to $3.71 billion. Segment 
profit increased 16.1 percent to $298.5 million, but segment profit 
margin decreased 510 basis points to 8.1 percent compared to 
2016. Segment profit and operating margin for the year include 
Valspar profit from operations of $231.1 million partially offset 
by acquisition purchase accounting charges of $183.1 million. 
Excluding the impact of Valspar, core sales for the Group increased 
3.0 percent, core segment profit decreased 2.6 percent, and core 
operating margin decreased 72 basis points, all compared to the 
prior year.   

The Performance Coatings Group provides differentiated 

product technology and value-added services to a diverse group of 
industrial coatings customers. We made impressive progress on 
the integration of Valspar operations during the year, organizing 
this new segment into industry-specific business units to enhance 
focus and competitiveness. There are significant opportunities to 
further optimize this structure as we aggressively pursue our value 
capture targets.

The addition of Valspar’s coatings business significantly 

increases our operating scale outside North America and broadens 
our technology offering, both of which will enable us to create 
new opportunities. Geographically, Valspar adds sales volume 
and large-scale manufacturing and distribution to our operations 
in Europe and Asia, enabling us to serve more customers more 
profitably. The combination also results in a more complete 
product offering and diverse service model. For example, 
combining Sherwin-Williams’ local-market, small-batch blending 
capability with Valspar’s expertise in supplying highly customized 
coatings solutions to large original equipment manufacturers 

*Valspar received the highest numerical score among Exterior Paints in the J.D. Power 
2017 Paint Satisfaction Study based on 3,139 responses from 12 companies measuring 
experiences and perceptions of customers surveyed February-March 2017. Your experiences 
may vary. Visit jdpower.com. 

4

(OEMs) makes us a compelling single-source coatings provider 
for OEMs and their tier supplier networks. Valspar also brings us 
two entirely new profitable growth opportunities in packaging 
coatings – coating liners for food and beverage packaging – and 
coil & extrusion coatings – coatings used in the manufacture of 
appliances, HVAC equipment, metal building products and more. 

We’ve also begun to leverage our combined technology 

portfolio, which is significantly enhanced by Valspar’s waterborne 
formulations and resin development capabilities. Recently released 
examples of industrial coatings innovation include AquaGuard® 
low-VOC coatings for general industrial applications, the 
Sayerlock® HydroPlus™ family of low-VOC high-performance wood  
coatings, dynamic clearcoat CC200 premium coatings, DeBeer® 
waterborne coatings, and ValPure® V70 non-BPA epoxy coating  
for can coating.

 

BOARD AND MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In April, Michael Thaman was elected to our Board of Directors 
and appointed to the Compensation and Management 
Development Committee. Mike currently serves as Chairman, 
President and Chief Executive Officer of Owens Corning, a Toledo, 
Ohio-based world leader in composite solutions and building 
materials systems and a market-leading innovator of glass fiber 
technology. He has demonstrated strong leadership in a variety of 
roles at Owens Corning for 25 years, and his broad financial and 
international experience will serve the Board and our shareholders 
well. We look forward to his contributions to Sherwin-Williams for 
many years.

In December, Sean Hennessy announced his retirement after 
33 years of dedicated service to the Company, including 15 years as 
the Company’s Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial 
Officer. Over the last year, Sean served in the role of Senior Vice 
President – Corporate Planning, Development and Administration, 
supporting Al Mistysyn in his successful transition to Senior Vice 
President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer and assisting in the 
acquisition and integration of Valspar. Sean will be missed, and we 
wish him a very happy and healthy retirement.

Our continued focus on internal talent development resulted 
in several leadership appointments during the year. Mary Garceau 
was promoted to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary. Mary joined Sherwin-Williams in 2014 as Associate 
General Counsel for our Paint Stores Group and previously served 
as Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for 
Bob Evans Farms, Inc. and Thirty-One Gifts, LLC. Dennis Karnstein 
was named President & General Manager of Industrial Wood 
Coatings Division, Performance Coatings Group. Dennis joined 
Sherwin-Williams in 1989 as a Management Trainee in our Paint 
Stores Group. After working his way up through the ranks in 
our paint stores organization, Dennis joined our Global Finishes 

Group as Senior Vice President & General Manager for Product 
Finishes Europe and President & General Manager, Product 
Finishes Division of Global Finishes Group. Most recently, Dennis 
served as Senior Vice President of Global Integration for the 
Valspar acquisition. Bruce Irussi was promoted to the position 
of President & General Manager of General Industrial Coatings 
Division, Performance Coatings Group. Bruce joined Sherwin-
Williams in 1984 as a Professional Coatings Representative, and 
worked his way up as Branch Manager, Sales Manager, Product 
Finishes Division Area Sales Manager, District Manager and 
Regional Facility Manager and Senior Vice President of Sales, 
Product Finishes Division – North America. Most recently, Bruce 
was President & General Manager of the Product Finishes Division 
of our Global Finishes Group. Robert Lynch was promoted to 
President & General Manager of the North America Division of 
our Consumer Brands Group. Rob joined the Company in 2000 
and most recently served as Senior Vice President of Sales within 
our Performance Coatings Group. Lee Diamond was promoted to 
President & General Manager of Canada Division, The Americas 
Group. Lee joined the Company in 1991 and most recently served 
as Vice President of Sales for the Southeastern Division of The 
Americas Group.  

Continued growth in residential and  
commercial construction and remodeling  
across North America should benefit The 
Americas Group and our Consumer Brands 
Group, and positive momentum in many 
industrial end segments worldwide should 
benefit our Performance Coatings Group.

Diana Strongosky was promoted to Senior Vice President 
Operations North America. Diana joined the Company in 1988 
and most recently served as Senior Vice President of R&D within 
our Global Supply Chain organization. Kathleen Szczesniak was 
promoted to Senior Vice President of R&D within our Global 
Supply Chain organization. Kathleen joined the Company in 1998 
and most recently served as Vice President for R&D within our 
Performance Coatings Group.  

I have often said the acquisition of Valspar represents the 

greatest one-time infusion of talent in Sherwin-Williams’ history. 
Shortly after closing the transaction, we announced several 
appointments of Valspar personnel to our senior leadership team. 
Aaron Erter was named President of Consumer Brands Group. 
Aaron joined Valspar’s consumer business in 2011 after serving  
15 years with Black & Decker Corporation, where he held 
leadership positions in sales, global marketing, product 

5

development and new business development. Bryan Young was 
named Vice President – Corporate Strategy & Development. 
Bryan joined Valspar as Vice President of Corporate Development 
in 2015 and previously held similar positions at Agrium and 
Rockwell Automation. Karl Jorgenrud was named President & 
General Manager of Protective & Marine Division, Performance 
Coatings Group. Karl joined Valspar in 1994 and most recently 
served as Vice President & General Manager of Valspar’s Global 
Functional Coatings. Sam Shoemaker was named President & 
General Manager of Global Packaging, Coil, and Coatings Resins 
& Colorants Division, Performance Coatings Group. Sam joined 
Valspar in 2012 and most recently served as Valspar’s Senior 
Vice President of Global Packaging. He previously worked for The 
Dow Chemical Company. Mike Bourdeau was named President 
& General Manager of Coil & Extrusion, Performance Coatings 
Group. Mike joined Valspar in 1986 and most recently served 
as Vice President, Global Coil & Extrusion. Colin Davie was 
named President & General Manager, Global Coating Resins & 
Colorants, Performance Coatings Group. Colin joined Valspar in 
2012 and most recently served as Valspar’s Vice President, Global 
EPS/CCA. He previously worked for DuPont and Ciba Specialty 
Chemicals plc. Finally, J.R. Benites was named Regional President 
& General Manager of Latin America, Performance Coatings. J.R. 
joined Valspar in 1997 and most recently served as Senior Vice 
President and President of Valspar’s Latin America Region with 
executive responsibility for Global Coil. 

OUTLOOK FOR 2018
We begin 2018 with expectations for another strong year in 
most of our businesses. Continued growth in residential and 
commercial construction and remodeling across North America 
should benefit The Americas Group and our Consumer Brands 
Group, and positive momentum in many industrial end segments 
worldwide should benefit our Performance Coatings Group. It is 
our intention to reinvest a portion of the savings from recent U.S. 

tax reform into growth initiatives, particularly in The Americas 
Group, and our expanded global footprint and technical capabilities 
will provide greater exposure to many new growth opportunities in 
emerging markets. 

From a profitability standpoint, we should continue to 

benefit from operating expense control and volume growth, both 
domestic and abroad, but rising raw material costs are likely to 
constrain gross margins, especially early in the year. Raw materials 
represent roughly 85 percent of the cost of goods sold for most 
paint and coatings products, and we anticipate inflation across 
the raw material basket in 2018 to average in the mid-single digits 
in percentage terms – perhaps higher in the first half of the year. 
This inflation will likely be broad-based across petrochemical 
feedstocks, pigments and packaging. We will continue to closely 
monitor the raw materials markets and are prepared to implement 
additional price increases if conditions so warrant.

On a final note, the longer-term financial targets we presented 

at our Financial Community Presentation on October 3, 2017, 
will serve as a gauge to measure our success in managing the 
complexities of a large-scale integration process while maintaining 
a steadfast focus on the reason we are here – to help our 
customers be more successful. Using combined Sherwin-Williams 
and Valspar pro-forma 2016 results as a baseline, and 2020 as a 
target date, we expect to grow net sales at a compound annual rate 
of 4 to 6 percent, expand EBITDA margin to a range of 18.8 to  
21 percent from 16.6 percent, increase adjusted free cash flow –  
net operating cash less capital expenditures – to a range of 10 to 
10.5 percent of net sales from 8.9 percent, and grow core diluted 
net earnings per common share(1) at a compounded annual growth 
rate of 9 to 12 percent. By 2020, we expect to achieve at least  
$1 billion in cumulative savings from the integration of Valspar.
To all employees of the new Sherwin-Williams, I offer my 
heartfelt thanks for all of your hard work, skill and commitment 
this past year; I truly believe we have the best team in the business, 
and that is integral to our success. On behalf of the approximately 
60,000 Sherwin-Williams employees around the world, we offer 
our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and 
shareholders for your continued trust and confidence.

John G. Morikis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

6

(1) Excluding Acquisition Costs, Costs To Achieve, 2016 Valspar Restructuring  
Costs & Purchase Accounting Items.

Sherwin-Williams and Valspar 

Better Together

On June 1, 2017, Sherwin-Williams and 
Valspar joined together to create the global 
leader in paints and coatings. We are better 
together, with enhanced growth opportunities, 
a world-class brand portfolio, an expanded 
product range, premier technology platforms, 
a larger global footprint and a deeper 
talent pool. We expect these enhanced 
capabilities to benefit our customers and 
create sustainable long-term value for our 
shareholders.

We made great progress on our integration efforts in 2017. 

Initially, we estimated annual run rate synergies by the end of the 
year would be $106 million. During the year, we raised that target 
to $160 million. Our actual full-year synergy run rate at the end 
of 2017 was approximately $230 million, which translated into 
approximately $60 million in actual savings in 2017. At the end of 
2017, we raised our 2018 year-end run rate target to $320 million, 
up from our prior target of $280 million. We expect actual full-
year savings in 2018 in the range of $140 to $160 million. In short, 
we are moving faster on more projects than originally anticipated.

To date, we have completed or approved 497 integration 
projects, and identified another 147 projects that are currently 
being verified. New opportunities are being added to the list with 
each passing week. 

In SG&A, we’ve made great progress in organizational design 

and optimization, including aligning compensation and benefit 
programs, IT systems, and marketing and promotional programs, 
among many others. 

Better Together: In 2017, J.D. Power 
recognized Sherwin-Williams “Highest 
in Customer Satisfaction among Interior 
Paints” and Valspar “Highest in Customer 
Satisfaction among Exterior Paints.”*

In cost of goods, we’ve identified opportunities for raw 

material cost leveling, purchase optimization and reformulation. 
Our leveling initiatives are active in every region of the world, and 
we are off to a good start on many optimization and reformulation 
projects, including in-house development and production of an 
acrylic polymer for use in some high-volume product lines.

In manufacturing and distribution, our focus has been on 

optimizing our North American architectural manufacturing 
footprint. Projects are underway in the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest 
and West Coast regions. Logistics is also an opportunity, and 
we’re benefiting from reduced freight costs by synchronizing 
distribution routes between Sherwin-Williams and Valspar 
facilities. 

Revenue synergies are perhaps the greatest long-term 
opportunity. For example, our Performance Coatings Group 
has the ability to leverage our legacy North American blending 
facilities to provide color matching and small-batch production 
of some key Valspar industrial products, including coatings for 
metal extrusion customers. The ability to run high-volume and 
small-batch jobs is helping us to expand our share of wallet with 
existing accounts and attract new ones.

After more than seven months together, we are even more 
energized by the many value-creating opportunities we continue 
to find. We are on track to exceed $1 billion in cumulative savings 
by 2020, we are increasingly confident in our long-term annual 
synergy run rate range of $385 to $415 million, and we expect  
to book most of the remaining costs to achieve these synergies  
in 2018.

*Sherwin-Williams received the highest numerical score among Interior Paints in the J.D. Power 2017 Paint Satisfaction Study, based on 
4,625 total responses from 12 companies measuring experiences and perceptions of customers, surveyed February-March 2017. Your 
experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com. Valspar received the highest numerical score among Exterior Paints in the J.D. Power 2017 
Paint Satisfaction Study based on 3,139 responses from 12 companies measuring experiences and perceptions of customers surveyed 
February-March 2017. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com. 

7

At a Glance

The Americas Group

The Americas Group operates the exclusive outlets for Sherwin-Williams® 
branded paints, stains, supplies, equipment and floor covering in the United 
States, Canada and the Caribbean. The Group also manufactures  
and sells a wide range of architectural  
paints, industrial coatings and related  
products across Latin America  
through company-operated  
stores, dedicated dealers  
and selected retailers.

60.9% 

of total sales

PRODUCTS SOLD

Paints, stains, coatings, caulks, 
applicators, wallcovering, floor 
covering, spray equipment 
and related products in the 
United States, Canada and 
the Caribbean. Architectural 
paints, stains, coatings, 
varnishes, protective and 
marine products, wood 
finishing products, applicators, 
aerosols, OEM product finishes 
and related products in Latin 
America

Consumer Brands Group

Our Consumer Brands Group combines our previous Consumer Group 
with Valspar’s legacy Paints segment to sell one of the industry’s most 
recognized portfolios of branded and private-label products  
through retailers across North America and in parts of  
Europe, China, Australia and New  
Zealand. The Group also operates a  
highly efficient global supply chain for  
paint, coatings and related products.

14.4% 

of total sales

Branded, private-label and 
licensed brand paints, stains, 
varnishes, industrial products, 
wood finishing products, wood 
preservatives, applicators, 
corrosion inhibitors, aerosols, 
caulks and adhesives, and 
related products 

Performance Coatings Group

The Performance Coatings Group sells a broad range of coatings and 
finishing solutions to general industrial, industrial wood, protective 
and marine, automotive, packaging and coil & extrusion customers in 
more than 110 countries.

24.7% 

of total sales

Asset protection products, 
wood finishes, powder 
coatings, coatings for plastic 
and glass, aerosols, high-
performance interior and 
exterior coatings for the 
automotive, aviation, fleet, 
packaging, heavy truck, 
material handling, agriculture 
and construction, and building 
products markets

8

CUSTOMERS SERVED

MAJOR BRANDS SOLD

OUTLETS

Do-it-yourselfers, professional 
painting contractors, home 
builders, property maintenance, 
healthcare, hospitality, architects, 
interior designers, industrial, 
marine, flooring and original 
equipment manufacturer (OEM) 
product finishers

Sherwin-Williams®, A-100®, 
Cashmere®, Colorgin®, Condor®, 
Duracraft®, Duration Home®, 
Duration®, Emerald®, Harmony®, 
HGTV Home® by Sherwin-Williams, 
Kem Pro®, Kem Tone®, Krylon®, 
Loxon®, Marson®, Metalatex®, 
Minwax®, Novacor®, Paint Shield®, 
PrepRite®, ProClassic®, ProCraft®, 
ProConstructor®, ProIndustrial™, 
ProMar®, ProPark®, Solo®, Sumaré®, 
SuperDeck®, SuperPaint®,  
Ultra Protección®, Woodscapes®

4,267 Sherwin-Williams paint 
stores primarily in the United 
States, Canada, Jamaica, Puerto 
Rico, Trinidad and Tobago. 
353 company-operated stores 
primarily in Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, 
Mexico, Peru and Uruguay 
and distribution through 
dedicated dealers, home centers, 
distributors, hardware stores, and 
through licensees in Argentina,  
El Salvador and Peru

Do-it-yourselfers, professional 
painting contractors, industrial 
maintenance and flooring 
contractors

Leading mass merchandisers, home 
centers, independent paint dealers, 
hardware stores, craft stores, fine 
art stores, automotive retailers and 
industrial distributors in the United 
States, Canada, Poland, United 
Kingdom, China, Australia and  
New Zealand

Accurate Dispersions™, Altax™, 
Bestt Liebco®, Cabot®, Conco®, 
Duckback®, Dupli-Color®, 
DuraSeal®, Dutch Boy®, Geocel®, 
Granosite®, H&C®, HGTV HOME® 
by Sherwin-Williams, Huarun™,  
Kool Seal®, Krylon®, Martin Senour®, 
Mason’s Select®, Minwax®, Pratt 
& Lambert®, Purdy®, Ronseal™, 
Rubberset®, Snow Roof®, 
Solver®, Sprayon®, SuperDeck®, 
Thompson’s® WaterSeal®, Tri-Flow®, 
Uniflex®, Valspar®, VHT®, Wattyl®, 
White Lightning®

Commercial construction, 
industrial maintenance, OEM 
applications in military, heavy 
equipment, electronics, building 
products, furniture, cabinetry 
and flooring, architects and 
specifiers, bridge & highway, 
water & waste treatment, 
collision repair facilities, 
dealerships, fleet owners and 
refinishers, production shops, 
body builders, metal packaging, 
manufacturers, and job shops

Sherwin-Williams®, Acrolon®, 
AcromaPro®, Arti™, ATX™, AWX 
Performance Plus™, Baco®, Conely®, 
DeBeer®, DFL™, Dimension®, 
Duraspar™, Envirolastic®, Euronavy®, 
Excelo®, Fastline®, Finish 1™, Firetex®, 
Fluropon®, Genesis®, Heat-Flex®, 
House of Kolor®, Huarun™, Inchem®, 
Inver®, Kem Aqua®, Lanet™, Lazzuril®, 
Macropoxy®, Magnalux™, Martin 
Senour®, Matrix®, ML Campbell®, 
Oece™, PermaClad®, Planet Color®, 
Polane®, Powdura®, Prospray®, 
Sayerlack®, Sher-Wood®, Ultra-
Cure®, Ultra™, USC®, ValPure® V70, 
Valspar®, Wattyl®

Approximately 290 company-operated 
automotive, industrial and product 
finishes branches and other operations 
in the United States, Australia, Belarus, 
Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, 
Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, 
Lithuania, Malaysia, Mexico, Norway, 
Peru, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, 
Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Thailand, 
Ukraine, United Kingdom and Vietnam. 
Distribution in 44 other countries 
through wholly owned subsidiaries,  
joint ventures, distributors, export 
options, and licensees of technology, 
trademarks and trade names

9

The  
Americas 
Group

The Americas Group segment teams in the United States, 
Canada, Caribbean and all of Latin America have been focused on 
collaboration and sharing resources and expertise. We strongly 
believe these efforts will result in accelerated growth across 
the region. In North America, we remain the leading operator 
of specialty paint stores. These exclusive outlets for Sherwin-
Williams® branded paints, stains and supplies serve architectural 
and industrial painting contractors, residential and commercial 
builders and remodelers, property owners and managers, small 
OEM product finishers and do-it-yourself homeowners. In Latin 
America, we serve a similar set of customers through company-
operated stores, dedicated dealers and selected retailers.

10

In 2017, The Americas Group net sales were $9.12 billion, an  

8.8 percent increase compared with the prior year. This growth was driven 
by higher architectural paint sales volume across most segments and selling 
price increases. Net sales for the year from stores in the U.S., Canada and 
the Caribbean open for more than 12 calendar months increased 6.3 percent, 
and net sales for the Latin America region increased 4.5 percent. Group profit 
increased 10.2 percent to $1.77 billion. 

The Group opened 101 net new company-operated stores during 2017, 

including 87 in the U.S., Canada and Caribbean, and 14 in Latin America, 
bringing the total to 4,620 locations in the Americas. We also have more than  
700 dedicated dealers in Latin America, enabling us to serve customers in the 
region through more than 1,000 Sherwin-Williams branded outlets. 

Innovative technology remains a differentiator for us, as we launched  
21 new products through our stores and introduced 18 new products to the 
Latin American market this year. Highlights include: 

• 

• 

• 

Extreme Cover™ Interior Stain Blocking Paint and Primer in One. 
Aimed at property managers, it stands up to repeated washings and 
offers exceptional blocking against common stains like grease, food 
and cigarette smoke.
Emerald® Interior/Exterior Water-Based Urethane Trim Enamel. 
Ideal for cabinet, door and trim projects where hardness, adhesion 
and durability are critical, this product delivers the look and feel of 
an oil-based enamel with the convenience of a water-based formula.
ProMar® 200HP Zero VOC Interior Acrylic. Formulated 
specifically for commercial and light industrial applications, this 
high-performance interior latex is durable, abrasion resistant and 
compliant with stringent VOC requirements, including LEED® v4 
emissions testing.

To further assist our professional customers in the U.S., we added  

24/7 online ordering capabilities through our website (sherwin-williams.com) 
and our PRO mobile app. Customers can now order and re-order paint and 
supplies from their local store, access their pricing, pay invoices and review 
purchase history from any device.

We also continued to build momentum in Latin America, implementing 

and localizing best practices from our U.S. stores with a focus on customer 
segmentation, sales training, Latin America Divisional products and new 
account development. Our national and regional account program resulted in 
new business with South America’s largest hotel purchasing group, large retail 
facility owner-operators and big-box retailer store remodels. New accounts 
grew more than 30 percent over the prior year. Average sales per store, 
average sales per sales representative and total number of territories also 
grew over the prior year.  

ACHIEVEMENTS

We ranked “Highest in Customer 
Satisfaction among Interior Paints” in the 
2017 J.D. Power Paint Satisfaction Study.* 

We celebrated our 6th National Painting 
Week, giving back to communities in need. 
Nearly 4,500 volunteers from 3,372 stores 
donated 29,000 hours of painting and 
8,500 gallons of paint to complete  
252 community projects. 

In Latin America, we earned the Best 
Product for Dealers Award for Colorgin® 
Spray Paint and Novacor® Floor Paint 
(ARTESP: Paint Dealers Association Sao 
Paulo, Brazil); the Material Dealers 1st  
Place Award for Master® Spray Paint  
and Novacor® Floor Paint (ANAMACO  
– National Association for Building 
Materials – Brazil); and the Socially 
Responsible Company Award (Centro 
Mexicano para la Filantropia). 

*Sherwin-Williams received the highest numerical 
score among Interior Paints in the J.D. Power 2017 Paint 
Satisfaction Study, based on 4,625 total responses from 
12 companies measuring experiences and perceptions 
of customers, surveyed February-March 2017. Your 
experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.

11

Consumer
Brands 
Group

The Consumer Brands Group combines our previous Consumer 
Group with the architectural paint business from Valspar’s 
legacy Paints segment to sell one of the industry’s most 
recognized portfolios of branded and private-label products  
to do-it-yourself, do-it-for-me and professional customers in 
North America, Europe, China, Australia and New Zealand. 
The Group also manages the Company’s Global Supply Chain, 
consisting of 84 manufacturing and distribution facilities, 
and leads our worldwide architectural coatings research and 
development effort.

12

In 2017, the Consumer Brands Group net sales were $2.15 billion, a 

41.1 percent increase compared to the prior year. This growth consisted of 
a 49.4 percent increase related to the Valspar acquisition, partially offset 
by an 8.4 percent decrease related to lower paint sales volume in our core 
business. Segment profit decreased to $226 million, including $71.7 million 
in Valspar-related profit and $107.6 million in Valspar-related expenses for 
purchase accounting adjustments to inventory and increased intangible asset 
amortization. 

Through the Valspar acquisition, the Consumer Brands Group now has 

a broader collection of high-quality brands, a deeper management team, 
expanded retail distribution, and greater exposure to growth opportunities 
outside North America. Together, we are focused on providing our customers 
with a compelling value proposition and realizing synergies that will improve 
segment performance and drive profitable growth. Supply chain optimization 
in particular remains a significant opportunity for us, and we have made 
substantial progress in this area. 

We continue to invest in products that will make our customers more 
successful. For example, we introduced three new premium paints this year 
under the Pratt & Lambert® brand. Aquanamel® Waterborne Alkyd Enamel 
provides superb flow and leveling with a hard and durable finish. Fresh-Spec™ 
Zero VOC Interior professional paint is ideal for use in schools, health care 
facilities, commercial repaints and new construction. Accolade® Exterior 
Premium Paint & Primer is a 100 percent acrylic house and trim paint designed 
to withstand harsh winter and summer weather extremes. In the stain 
category, our Minwax® Gel Stain offers non-drip performance while protecting 
and accentuating the beauty of a wide range of wood surfaces. 

Within the Valspar portfolio, recent innovations include an exterior paint 

collection formulated to withstand extreme weather conditions. Valspar® 
Reserve® Extreme Weather Paint + Primer with SunStopper™ Technology 
protects against UV damage in hot, sunny regions. Valspar® Reserve® Extreme 
Weather Paint + Primer with SeasonFlex™ Technology expands and contracts 
as needed for areas with both extreme heat and freezing cold. Valspar® 
Reserve® Extreme Weather Paint + Primer with RainRelief™ Technology 
features a mildew-resistant finish ideal for rainy and humid regions. 

Two additional consumer brands from Valspar expand our global growth 

opportunities. In China, the Huarun™ brand is a leading domestic Chinese 
paint and coatings brand. Huarun™ products are widely available in the region 
through branded and non-branded stores, home improvement centers and 
home decoration companies. In Australia and New Zealand, the Wattyl® 
brand has been well-known for more than 100 years and today is available 
through more than 90 company-operated outlets in the region. We intend to 
leverage expertise from The Americas Group stores to further optimize the 
performance of our Wattyl stores. Wattyl’s family of products covers multiple 
areas in the paint and coatings market and includes Solagard®, Estapol®, 
Killrust®, Solver® and Taubmans®.  

ACHIEVEMENTS

Valspar ranked “Highest in Customer 
Satisfaction among Exterior Paints” in the 
2017 J.D. Power Paint Satisfaction Study.*

Our Valspar® HydroChroma® Technology 
uses three times more super-strength, 
concentrated paint colorants than our 
standard systems to ensure Color Stays 
True Longer™. Customers benefit from 
advanced fade resistance and improved 
one-coat coverage. 

We launched our Cabot® Worry-Free 
Guarantee™** to simplify and take the 
guesswork out of the stain process, and 
the super-premium Cabot® Gold program 
to bring the look of interior hardwood 
floors to exterior stain projects.

*Valspar received the highest numerical score among 
Exterior Paints in the J.D. Power 2017 Paint Satisfaction 
Study based on 3,139 responses from 12 companies 
measuring experiences and perceptions of customers 
surveyed February-March 2017. Your experiences may 
vary. Visit jdpower.com. 

**See https://cabotwfpg.com/terms for Worry-Free 
Guarantee terms and conditions.

13

Performance  
Coatings 
Group

The Performance Coatings Group combines our legacy  
Global Finishes Group and Valspar’s previous Coatings  
segment to sell a broad range of coating and finishing solutions 
to general industrial, industrial wood, protective and marine, 
automotive, packaging and coil & extrusion customers. The 
Group serves customers in more than 110 countries and 
operates nearly 300 branches worldwide.

14

In 2017, the Performance Coatings Group net sales were $3.71 billion,  
a 90.4 percent increase compared with the prior year. This growth resulted  
from a 3.0 percent increase related to higher paint sales volume and selling price 
increases in our core business, and an 87.5 percent increase from the Valspar 
acquisition. The Performance Coatings Group profit increased 16.1 percent to 
$298.5 million, inclusive of $231.1 million in Valspar-related profit and  
$183.1 million in Valspar-related expense for purchase accounting adjustments  
to inventory and increased intangible asset amortization. 

The Performance Coatings Group brings Sherwin-Williams and Valspar 

together in an exciting new combination, resulting in greater global scale, 
expanded and complementary technologies, a broader range of customer 
solutions, and strong positions in new growth segments. Together, we have 
identified myriad opportunities for collaboration, synergy and profitable growth.

Our general industrial business combines Valspar’s strength with OEM 

customers and Sherwin-Williams’ small-batch, custom formulation capabilities  
and relationships with component suppliers to offer greater value across the 
supply chain. From a technology perspective, we are responding to increasing 
customer demand for low-VOC coatings with innovative products such as 
AquaGuard®. This waterborne product offers up to 94 percent reduction in VOCs 
compared to alternative solvent and zinc liquid formulations, and up to 60 percent 
better corrosion resistance in salt spray and cyclic testing compared to e-coat and 
zinc formulations.

We are capitalizing on this same waterborne product trend in our industrial 
wood business. Products include: the Sayerlack® HydroPlus™ family of low-VOC, 
high-performance coatings for furniture; Ultra-Cure® waterborne UV coatings for 
kitchen cabinetry; and Sher-Wood® Universal Primer, a fast-drying, pigmented, 
waterborne acrylic primer for interior woodwork applications. 

In automotive finishes, demand for waterborne products also represents 

a significant opportunity. Our recent introduction of waterborne dynamic 
clearcoat CC200 has been well-received, and Valspar’s DeBeer® line of premium 
waterborne coatings expands our product offering and gives us a presence in 
European and Australian markets where we had not previously participated. 

In protective and marine coatings, Valspar’s fusion-bonded epoxy powder 
coating technology is an ideal complement to our legacy liquid coatings product 
lines for pipe and rebar segments. Key applications for this technology include oil 
and gas, where our Valspar Pipeclad® 2000 powder coating protects more than 
100,000 kilometers of pipeline across the globe – enough pipe to circle the world 
2.5 times. 

The Valspar acquisition also added two new product categories to our 

industrial portfolio. In packaging coatings, we now have world-leading  
technology in protective coatings for food, beverage and aerosol cans. We own  
170 patents, including more than 50 for non-BPA formulations to which the 
industry is rapidly moving. Our ValPure® V70 non-BPA coating is the only 
commercial non-BPA epoxy coating in the industry. Additionally, Valspar’s coil & 
extrusion product line establishes us as a leading manufacturer of coatings for 
metal architecture applications, such as roofing, entryways, skylights and window 
and door framing. Our PVDF Fluropon® coating is ideal for monumental and high-
end residential and commercial architecture, as it provides outstanding color and 
gloss retention.  

ACHIEVEMENTS

Designed for use over properly prepared 
blasted steel, Zinc Clad® 4100 is a new  
high-solids epoxy coating allowing users  
to apply subsequent coats after as little as 
30 minutes. Benefits also include accelerated 
shop throughput, enhanced project schedules 
and faster field project turnarounds in  
bridge, highway and related structural  
steel applications. In addition, the coating 
exhibits self-healing properties if it  
becomes damaged.  

Our Industrial Wood Coatings business 
invested $300,000 in the Manufacturing 
Industry Learning Lab (MiLL), a new,  
46,000-square-foot national training center 
in Colorado Springs, Colorado, to help prepare 
the next generation of wood manufacturing 
tradesmen and women.

Our Coil & Extrusion business launched the 
new Fluropon® Effects Nova line to deliver 
innovation in color effects for commercial 
architects, using a patent-pending color space 
customizable to match color with a gold, 
silver or copper sparkle, while maintaining 
outstanding durability. 

15

Shareholder 
Returns

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE FIVE-YEAR TOTAL RETURN

FIVE-YEAR RETURN

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

Sherwin-Williams Co.

S&P 500 Index

Peer Group

Peer group of companies comprised of the following: Akzo Nobel N.V., BASF SE, H.B. Fuller Company, Genuine Parts Company, The  
Home Depot, Inc., Lowe’s Companies, Inc., Masco Corporation, Newell Brands Inc., PPG Industries, Inc., RPM International Inc., Stanley 
Black & Decker Inc. and USG Corporation

STOCK REPURCHASE (millions of shares)

12.00

9.00

6.00

3.00

0.00

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016*

2017*

* No open market purchases in 2016 and 2017

118.2

108.8

114.5
Average Common Shares Outstanding (fully diluted, in millions)

103.0

103.9

105.7

98.7

94.5

94.5

94.9

DIVIDENDS PER SHARE

$3.50

$3.00

$2.50

$2.00

$1.50

$1.00

$.50

$0.00 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11

12 13 14 15 16 17

16

The graph at left compares the cumulative 
five-year total shareholder return on 
Sherwin-Williams common stock with the 
cumulative five-year total return of the 
companies listed on the Standard & Poor’s 
500 Stock Index and a peer group  
of companies selected on a line-of-
business basis. The cumulative five-year 
total return assumes $100 was invested on 
December 31, 2012, in Sherwin-Williams 
common stock, the S&P 500 and the 
peer group. The cumulative five-year total 
return, including reinvestment of dividends, 
represents the cumulative value through 
December 31, 2017.

RETURNING CASH   
TO SHAREHOLDERS

We have consistently returned a portion  
of our cash generated from operations  
to shareholders through cash dividends  
and share repurchases. In 2017, the 
Company increased its cash dividend  
1.2 percent to $3.40 per share, marking 
the 39th consecutive year we increased our 
dividend. We also view share repurchases 
as an efficient way of returning cash to 
shareholders. Over the past two years, 
we have temporarily suspended share 
repurchases, using cash to reduce total 
borrowings required to finance the Valspar 
transaction in 2016, and reducing debt by 
more than $1 billion in 2017. Over the past 
10 years, we have reduced our average 
diluted common shares outstanding by 
more than 24 million shares.

Financial Performance

FINANCIAL TABLE OF CONTENTS

Financial Summary ..................................................................................................................................................................... 18

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ............................... 19

Reports of Management and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm............................................... 36

Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes .................................................................................................................. 40

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information ................................................................................. 78

Shareholder Information........................................................................................................................................................... 79

Corporate Officers and Operating Management .............................................................................................................. 80

17

Financial Summary
(millions of dollars except as noted and per share data)

Operations
Net sales(1) ..................................................................
Cost of goods sold(1) .....................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses(1) ....................
Amortization ...............................................................
Interest expense ...........................................................
Income from continuing operations before income taxes(2) ....
Net income from continuing operations(3) ..........................

Financial Position
Accounts receivable – net ..............................................
Inventories..................................................................
Working capital – net....................................................
Property, plant and equipment – net ................................
Total assets .................................................................
Long-term debt ...........................................................
Total debt...................................................................
Shareholders’ equity .....................................................

Per Common Share Information
Average shares outstanding (thousands) ...........................
Book value..................................................................
Net income from continuing operations – diluted(4)..............
Cash dividends ............................................................

Financial Ratios
Return on sales ............................................................
Asset turnover .............................................................
Return on assets ..........................................................
Return on equity(5) ........................................................
Dividend payout ratio(6) .................................................
Total debt to capitalization .............................................
Current ratio ...............................................................
Interest coverage(7) .......................................................
Net working capital to sales............................................
Effective income tax rate(8) .............................................

General
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and

amortization ............................................................
Capital expenditures .....................................................
Total technical expenditures (see Note 1) ...........................
Advertising expenditures................................................
Repairs and maintenance ...............................................
Depreciation ...............................................................
Shareholders of record (total count) .................................
Number of employees (total count) ..................................
Sales per employee (thousands of dollars) ..........................
Sales per dollar of assets ................................................

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

$14,984
8,203
4,785
207
263
1,528
1,814

$ 2,105
1,801
479
1,877
19,958
9,886
10,521
3,692

92,909
$ 39.33
19.11
3.40

$11,856
5,933
4,159
26
154
1,595
1,133

$ 1,231
1,068
798
1,096
6,753
1,211
1,953
1,878

91,839
$ 20.20
11.99
3.36

$11,339
5,780
3,914
28
62
1,549
1,054

$ 1,114
1,019
515
1,042
5,779
1,907
1,950
868

$

92,197
9.41
11.15
2.68

$11,130
5,965
3,823
30
64
1,258
866

$ 1,131
1,034
(115)
1,021
5,699
1,116
1,799
996

96,190
$ 10.52
8.77
2.20

$ 10,186
5,569
3,468
29
63
1,086
753

$

1,098
971
630
1,021
6,383
1,122
1,722
1,775

$

100,898
17.72
7.25
2.00

12.1%
0.8x
9.1%
96.6%
28.4%
74.0%
1.1
6.8x
3.2%
25.1%

9.6%
1.8x
16.8%
130.5%
30.1%
51.0%
1.3
11.4x
6.7%
29.0%

9.3%
2.0x
18.2%
105.8%
30.6%
69.2%
1.2
26.1x
4.5%
32.0%

7.8%
2.0x
15.2%
48.8%
30.3%
64.4%
1.0
20.6x
(1.0)%
31.2%

7.4%
1.6x
11.8%
42.0%
33.2%
49.2%
1.2
18.3x
6.2%
30.7%

$ 2,283
223
216
383
116
285
6,470
52,695
284
0.75

$

$ 1,947
239
153
351
100
172
6,787
42,550
279
1.76

$

$ 1,809
234
150
338
99
170
6,987
40,706
279
1.96

$

$ 1,521
201
155
299
96
169
7,250
39,674
281
1.95

$

$

$

1,336
167
144
263
87
159
7,555
37,633
271
1.60

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

2017 includes Valspar results since June 1, 2017.
2017 includes acquisition and purchase accounting adjustments of $429.5 million and contribution from Valspar operations of $115.8 million. 2016 includes acquisition-
related costs of $133.6 million.
2017 includes the following: (a) one-time income tax benefit of $668.8 million from Deferred income tax reductions (see Note 14), (b) after-tax acquisition-related costs
and purchase accounting adjustments of $285.1 million, and (c) after-tax contribution from Valspar operations of $76.0 million. 2016 includes after-tax acquisition-related
costs of $81.5 million.
2017 includes the following: (a) one-time benefit of $7.04 per share from Deferred income tax reductions, (b) charge of $3.00 per share for acquisition-related costs and
purchase accounting impacts, and (c) $.80 per share contribution from Valspar operations. 2016 includes a charge of $.86 per share for acquisition-related costs.
Based on net income and shareholders’ equity at beginning of year.
Based on cash dividends per common share and prior year’s diluted net income per common share.
Ratio of income before income taxes and interest expense to interest expense.
Based on income from continuing operations before income taxes. 2017 excludes impact of one-time income tax benefit from the Deferred income tax reductions.

18

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

SUMMARY

The Sherwin-Williams Company, founded in 1866, and its

consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, the
Company) are engaged in the development, manufacture,
distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products to
professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers primarily
in North and South America with additional operations in the
Caribbean region, Europe, Asia and Australia. On June 1, 2017, the
Company completed the acquisition (Acquisition) of The Valspar
Corporation (Valspar) (See Note 2) for a total purchase price of
$8.939 billion, which significantly affected the existing business.
As of the close of the Acquisition, our reporting segments changed
to better reflect the operations of the combined Companies. The
Company is structured into three reportable segments – The
Americas Group, Consumer Brands Group and Performance
Coatings Group (collectively, the Reportable Segments) – and an
Administrative Segment in the same way it is internally organized
for assessing performance and making decisions regarding
allocation of resources. See pages 8 through 15 of this report and
Note 18, on pages 74 through 77 of this report, for more
information concerning the Reportable Segments.

The Company’s financial condition, liquidity and cash flow

continued to be strong in 2017 as net operating cash topped
$1.000 billion for the fifth straight year primarily due to improved
operating results in The Americas Group. Net working capital
decreased $319.5 million at December 31, 2017 compared to 2016
due to a significant increase in current liabilities partially offset by
a significant increase in current assets primarily due to the
Acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents decreased $685.6 million,
while the current portion of long-term debt decreased
$699.3 million resulting from the payment of 1.35% senior notes
maturing in 2017. On May 16, 2017, in order to fund the
Acquisition, the Company issued $6.000 billion of senior notes in
a public offering. In April 2016, the Company entered into
agreements for a $7.300 billion Bridge Loan and a $2.000 billion
Term Loan as committed financing for the Acquisition. On June 1,
2017, the Company terminated the agreement for the Bridge Loan
and borrowed the full $2.000 billion on the Term Loan. As of
December 31, 2017, the Term Loan had an outstanding balance of
$850.0 million at an approximate interest rate of 2.62 percent.
Total debt issuance costs related to all of the facilities of
$63.6 million were incurred and recorded in Long-Term Debt as a
reduction to the outstanding balances. Of this amount, $8.3 million
was amortized and included in Interest expense for the year ended
December 31, 2017. The Company has been able to arrange
sufficient short-term borrowing capacity at reasonable rates, and
the Company continues to have sufficient total available borrowing
capacity to fund its current operating needs. Net operating cash
increased $575.4 million in 2017 to a cash source of $1.884 billion

from a cash source of $1.309 billion in 2016. Strong net operating
cash provided the funds necessary to acquire Valspar, invest in
new stores, manufacturing and distribution facilities, return cash to
shareholders through dividends, and pay down debt.

Consolidated net sales increased 26.4 percent in 2017 to

$14.984 billion from $11.856 billion in 2016. The increase was due
primarily to higher paint sales volume in The Americas Group and
the addition of Valspar sales beginning in June. Excluding sales
from Valspar, net sales from core Sherwin–Williams operations
increased 5.6 percent during 2017. The increase in core operations
was primarily due to increased sales volumes and pricing in The
Americas Group and Performance Coatings Group partially offset
by lower sales volumes in the Consumer Brands Group.
Consolidated gross profit as a percent of consolidated net sales
decreased to 45.3 percent in 2017 compared to 50.0 percent in
2016 due primarily to the Acquisition and related inventory
purchase accounting adjustments and higher raw material costs,
partially offset by increased paint volume. Selling, general and
administrative expenses (SG&A) increased $650.9 million in 2017
compared to 2016 and decreased as a percent of consolidated net
sales to 31.9 percent in 2017 from 34.9 percent in 2016 primarily
due to the impact from Valspar operations. Amortization expense
increased $181.4 million to $206.8 million in 2017 versus 2016 due
primarily to the Acquisition and related purchase accounting fair
value adjustments.

Interest expense increased $109.4 million in 2017 versus 2016

primarily due to increased debt levels to fund the Acquisition.
Excluding the income tax benefit of $668.8 million from the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Act) and subsidiary mergers
(collectively, Deferred income tax reductions), the effective
income tax rate for income from continuing operations was
25.1 percent for 2017 and 29.0 percent for 2016. See Note 14 on
pages 70 through 72 for more information on Income taxes. The
Company also recorded an income tax provision of $41.5 million in
the second quarter of 2017 related to the divestiture of Valspar’s
North American industrial wood coatings business, which is
reported as a discontinued operation and reduced diluted net
income per common share by $.44 per share. See Notes 1 and 14
for more information. Diluted net income per common share
increased 55.7 percent to $18.67 per share for 2017 from $11.99
per share in 2016. Diluted net income per common share from
continuing operations was $19.11 per share in 2017, including a
one-time benefit of $7.04 per share from the Deferred income tax
reductions. Diluted net income per common share for 2017 was
decreased by charges of $3.00 per share from Acquisition costs,
including inventory purchase accounting adjustments and
increased amortization of intangible assets. Valspar operations
increased Diluted net income per common share by $.80 per share
for 2017, including a $.92 per share charge from interest expense

19

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

on new debt. Diluted net income per common share for 2016 was
decreased by charges of $.86 per share from Acquisition costs.
Currency translation rate changes did not have a significant impact
on diluted net income per common share in 2017.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
The preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated

financial statements, accompanying notes and related financial
information included in this report are the responsibility of
management. The consolidated financial statements,
accompanying notes and related financial information included in
this report have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. The consolidated financial
statements contain certain amounts that were based upon
management’s best estimates, judgments and assumptions that
were believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Management considered the impact of the uncertain economic
environment and utilized certain outside sources of economic
information when developing the basis for their estimates and
assumptions. The impact of the global economic conditions on the
estimates and assumptions used by management was believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Management used
assumptions based on historical results, considering the current
economic trends, and other assumptions to form the basis for
determining appropriate carrying values of assets and liabilities
that were not readily available from other sources. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Also, materially different
amounts may result under materially different conditions,
materially different economic trends or from using materially
different assumptions. However, management believes that any
materially different amounts resulting from materially different
conditions or material changes in facts or circumstances are
unlikely to significantly impact the current valuation of assets and
liabilities that were not readily available from other sources.

All of the significant accounting policies that were followed in

the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are
disclosed in Note 1, on pages 46 through 50, of this report. The
following procedures and assumptions utilized by management
directly impacted many of the reported amounts in the
consolidated financial statements.

Non-Traded Investments

The Company has investments in the U.S. affordable housing

and historic renovation real estate markets and certain other
investments that have been identified as variable interest entities.
The Company does not have the power to direct the day-to-day
operations of the investments and the risk of loss is limited to the
amount of contributed capital, and therefore, the Company is not
considered the primary beneficiary. In accordance with the
Consolidation Topic of the ASC, the investments are not

consolidated. For affordable housing investments entered into
prior to the January 1, 2015 adoption of ASU No. 2014-01, the
Company uses the effective yield method to determine the
carrying value of the investments. Under the effective yield
method, the initial cost of the investments is amortized to income
tax expense over the period that the tax credits are recognized. For
affordable housing investments entered into on or after the
January 1, 2015 adoption of ASU No. 2014-01, the Company uses
the proportional amortization method. Under the proportional
amortization method, the initial cost of the investments is
amortized to income tax expense in proportion to the tax credits
and other tax benefits received. The Company has no ongoing
capital commitments, loan requirements or guarantees with the
general partners that would require any future cash contributions
other than the contractually committed capital contributions that
are disclosed in the contractual obligations table on page 27 of this
report. See Note 1, on page 46 of this report, for more information
on non-traded investments.

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable were recorded at the time of credit sales
net of provisions for sales returns and allowances. All provisions
for allowances for doubtful collection of accounts are included in
Selling, general and administrative expenses and were based on
management’s best judgment and assessment, including an
analysis of historical bad debts, a review of the aging of Accounts
receivable and a review of the current creditworthiness of
customers. Management recorded allowances for such accounts
which were believed to be uncollectible, including amounts for the
resolution of potential credit and other collection issues such as
disputed invoices, customer satisfaction claims and pricing
discrepancies. However, depending on how such potential issues
are resolved, or if the financial condition of any of the Company’s
customers were to deteriorate and their ability to make required
payments became impaired, increases in these allowances may be
required. At December 31, 2017, no individual customer
constituted more than 5 percent of Accounts receivable.

Inventories

Inventories were stated at the lower of cost or market with cost

determined principally on the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method
based on inventory quantities and costs determined during the
fourth quarter. Inventory quantities were adjusted during the
fourth quarter as a result of annual physical inventory counts taken
at all locations. If inventories accounted for on the LIFO method
are reduced on a year-over-year basis, then liquidation of certain
quantities carried at costs prevailing in prior years occurs.
Management recorded the best estimate of net realizable value for
obsolete and discontinued inventories based on historical
experience and current trends through reductions to inventory

20

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

cost by recording a provision included in Cost of goods sold.
Where management estimated that the reasonable market value
was below cost or determined that future demand was lower than
current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current
and projected market demand, current and projected volume
trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated
with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost
to estimated net realizable value was made. See Note 3, on
page 51 of this report, for more information regarding the impact
of the LIFO inventory valuation.

Purchase Accounting, Goodwill and Intangible Assets

In accordance with the Business Combinations Topic of the
ASC, the Company used the purchase method of accounting to
allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date
of acquisition. The excess costs of acquired businesses over the
fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were
recognized as Goodwill. The valuations of the acquired assets and
liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results.
In addition to using management estimates and negotiated
amounts, the Company used a variety of information sources to
determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and
liabilities including: third-party appraisals for the estimated value
and lives of identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and
equipment; third-party actuaries for the estimated obligations of
defined benefit pension plans and similar benefit obligations; and
legal counsel or other experts to assess the obligations associated
with legal, environmental and other contingent liabilities. The
business and technical judgment of management was used in
determining which intangible assets have indefinite lives and in
determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets in
accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the
ASC.

As required by the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the

ASC, management performs impairment tests of goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as
whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate
impairment has more likely than not occurred. An optional
qualitative assessment allows companies to skip the annual
two-step quantitative test if it is not more likely than not that
impairment has occurred based on monitoring key Company
financial performance metrics and macroeconomic conditions. The
qualitative assessment is performed when deemed appropriate.

In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of

the ASC, management tests goodwill for impairment at the
reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment per
the Segment Reporting Topic of the ASC or one level below the
operating segment (component level) as determined by the

availability of discrete financial information that is regularly
reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of
component levels of an operating segment having similar
economic characteristics. At the time of goodwill impairment
testing (if performing a quantitative assessment), management
determines fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow
valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with
the risks involved for each reporting unit. If the calculated fair
value is less than the current carrying value, then impairment of
the reporting unit exists. The use of a discounted cash flow
valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common
practice in impairment testing. The key assumptions used in the
discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing
include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and
terminal value rates. Discount rates are set by using the Weighted
Average Cost of Capital (“WACC”) methodology. The WACC
methodology considers market and industry data as well as
Company-specific risk factors for each reporting unit in
determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. The
discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the
return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a
business. Operational management, considering industry and
Company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth
rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each
reporting unit. Terminal value rate determination follows common
methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow
estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant
WACC and low long-term growth rates. As an indicator that each
reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of
the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all
reporting units’ fair value is reconciled to the total market
capitalization of the Company.

The Company had six components, some of which are

aggregated due to similar economic characteristics, to form three
reporting units (also the operating segments) with goodwill as of
October 1, 2017, the date of the annual impairment test. The
annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2017 did not
result in any of the reporting units having impairment or deemed
at risk for impairment.

In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of

the ASC, management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for
impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset
valuations at acquisition. Management utilizes the royalty savings
method and valuation model to determine the estimated fair value
for each indefinite-lived intangible asset or trademark. In this
method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from
the ownership of the intangible asset. The key assumptions used in
estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include
discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections and

21

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

terminal value rates. Discount rates used are similar to the rates
developed by the WACC methodology considering any differences
in Company-specific risk factors between reporting units and
trademarks. Royalty rates are established by management and
valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation
experts. Operational management, considering industry and
Company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth
rates and sales projections for each significant trademark.
Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology
of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond
the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low
long-term growth rates. The royalty savings valuation
methodology and calculations used in 2017 impairment testing are
consistent with prior years. The annual impairment review
performed as of October 1, 2017 resulted in an impairment of a
trademark in The Americas Group of $2.0 million.

The discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation

methodologies require management to make certain assumptions
based upon information available at the time the valuations are
performed. Actual results could differ from these assumptions.
Management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what
a market participant would have used in calculating fair value
considering the current economic conditions. See Note 4, on
pages 51 through 52 of this report, for a discussion of goodwill and
intangible assets and the impairment tests performed in
accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the
ASC.

Property, Plant and Equipment and Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets

Property, plant and equipment was stated on the basis of cost
and depreciated principally on a straight-line basis using industry
standards and historical experience to estimate useful lives. In
accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the
ASC, if events or changes in circumstances indicated that the
carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable or the
useful life had changed, impairment tests were performed or the
useful life was adjusted. Undiscounted future cash flows were
used to calculate the recoverable value of long-lived assets to
determine if such assets were impaired. Where impairment was
identified, management determined fair values for assets using a
discounted cash flow valuation model, incorporating discount
rates commensurate with the risks involved for each group of
assets. Growth models were developed using both industry and
Company historical results and forecasts. If the usefulness of an
asset was determined to be impaired, then management
estimated a new useful life based on the period of time for
projected uses of the asset. Such models and changes in useful life
required management to make certain assumptions based upon

information available at the time the valuation or determination
was performed. Actual results could differ from these
assumptions. Management believes the assumptions used are
reflective of what a market participant would have used in
calculating fair value or useful life considering the current
economic conditions. All tested long-lived assets or groups of
long-lived assets had undiscounted cash flows that were
substantially in excess of their carrying value. See Notes 4 and 5,
on pages 51 through 54 of this report, for a discussion of the
reductions in carrying value or useful life of long-lived assets in
accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the
ASC.

Exit or Disposal Activities

Management is continually re-evaluating the Company’s

operating facilities against its long-term strategic goals. Liabilities
associated with exit or disposal activities are recognized as
incurred in accordance with the Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations
Topic of the ASC and property, plant and equipment is tested for
impairment in accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment
Topic of the ASC. Provisions for qualified exit costs are made at
the time a facility is no longer operational, include amounts
estimated by management and primarily include post-closure rent
expenses or costs to terminate the contract before the end of its
term and costs of employee terminations. Adjustments may be
made to liabilities accrued for qualified exit costs if information
becomes available upon which more accurate amounts can be
reasonably estimated. If impairment of property, plant and
equipment exists, then the carrying value is reduced to fair value
estimated by management. Additional impairment may be
recorded for subsequent revisions in estimated fair value. See Note
5, on pages 52 through 54 of this report, for information
concerning impairment of property, plant and equipment and
accrued qualified exit costs.

Other Liabilities

The Company retains risk for certain liabilities, primarily

worker’s compensation claims, employee medical benefits, and
automobile, property, general and product liability claims.
Estimated amounts were accrued for certain worker’s
compensation, employee medical and disability benefits,
automobile and property claims filed but unsettled and estimated
claims incurred but not reported based upon management’s
estimated aggregate liability for claims incurred using historical
experience, actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance
industry and actuarially-developed models for estimating certain
liabilities. Certain estimated general and product liability claims
filed but unsettled were accrued based on management’s best
estimate of ultimate settlement or actuarial calculations of

22

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

potential liability using industry experience and actuarial
assumptions developed for similar types of claims.

Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit
Plans

To determine the Company’s ultimate obligation under its
defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans
other than pensions, management must estimate the future cost of
benefits and attribute that cost to the time period during which
each covered employee works. To determine the obligations of
such benefit plans, management uses actuaries to calculate such
amounts using key assumptions such as discount rates, inflation,
long-term investment returns, mortality, employee turnover, rate
of compensation increases and medical and prescription drug
costs. Management reviews all of these assumptions on an
ongoing basis to ensure that the most current information
available is being considered. An increase or decrease in the
assumptions or economic events outside management’s control
could have a direct impact on the Company’s results of operations
or financial condition.

In accordance with the Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC,
the Company recognizes each plan’s funded status as an asset for
overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded
plans. Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs are
recognized and recorded in Cumulative other comprehensive loss,
a component of Shareholders’ equity. The amounts recorded in
Cumulative other comprehensive loss will continue to be modified
as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such
amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years
through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs.

Pension costs for 2018 are expected to decrease due to higher
expected return on plan assets and decreased amortization of net
actuarial losses. Postretirement benefit plan costs for 2018 are
expected to increase primarily due to higher service and interest
costs. See Note 6, on pages 55 through 60 of this report, for
information concerning the Company’s defined benefit pension
plans and postretirement benefit plans other than pensions.

Debt

The fair values of the Company’s publicly traded long-term
debt were based on quoted market prices. The fair values of the
Company’s non-traded long-term debt were estimated using
discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company’s current
incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing
arrangements. See Note 1, on page 46 of this report, for the
carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s long-term
debt, and Note 7, on pages 61 through 62 of this report, for a
description of the Company’s long-term debt arrangements.

Environmental Matters

The Company is involved with environmental investigation and
remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned
sites and at a number of third-party sites. The Company accrues
for environmental-related activities for which commitments or
clean-up plans have been developed and for which costs can be
reasonably estimated based on industry standards and
professional judgment. All accrued amounts were recorded on an
undiscounted basis. Environmental-related expenses included
direct costs of investigation and remediation and indirect costs
such as compensation and benefits for employees directly
involved in the investigation and remediation activities and fees
paid to outside engineering, actuarial, consulting and law firms.
Due to uncertainties surrounding environmental investigations and
remediation activities, the Company’s ultimate liability may result
in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. See
page 27 and Note 8, on pages 62 through 63 of this report, for
information concerning the accrual for extended environmental-
related activities and a discussion concerning unaccrued future
loss contingencies.

Litigation and Other Contingent Liabilities

In the course of its business, the Company is subject to a

variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to,
litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury,
environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and
antitrust claims. Management believes that the Company has
properly accrued for all known liabilities that existed and those
where a loss was deemed probable for which a fair value was
available or an amount could be reasonably estimated in
accordance with all present U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. However, because litigation is inherently subject to
many uncertainties and the ultimate result of any present or future
litigation is unpredictable, the Company’s ultimate liability may
result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued.
In the event that the Company’s loss contingency is ultimately
determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the
recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net
income for the annual or interim period during which such liability
is accrued. Additionally, due to the uncertainties involved, any
potential liability determined to be attributable to the Company
arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s results of operations, liquidity or financial
condition. See Note 9 on pages 63 through 66 of this report for
information concerning litigation.

Income Taxes

The Company estimated income taxes in each jurisdiction that

it operated. This involved estimating taxable earnings, specific

23

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating
sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and
possible exposures related to future tax audits. To the extent these
estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income
taxes will be made in the period in which the changes occur.

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was enacted. The Tax Act

significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax system by,
among other things, lowering corporate income tax rates from 35%
to 21%, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a
repatriation tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign
subsidiaries. Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 118 provides a
measurement period that should not extend beyond one year from
the enactment date for companies to complete the accounting
under the Tax Act. In accordance with SAB No. 118, based on the
information available as of December 31, 2017, the Company
recorded provisional decreases in deferred tax liabilities which
increased earnings for the year ended December 31, 2017. The
majority of this benefit was driven by the effects of the
implementation of the territorial tax system and the
remeasurement of U.S. deferred tax liabilities on unremitted foreign
earnings. The final impact of the Tax Act may differ from the
provisional amounts recorded at December 31, 2017 due to
changes in the Company’s current interpretations and assumptions,
clarification and implementation guidance that may be issued and
actions the Company may take as a result of the Tax Act. See Note
14, on pages 70 through 72 of this report, for more information.

Stock-Based Compensation

The cost of the Company’s stock-based compensation is

recorded in accordance with the Stock Compensation Topic of the
ASC. The Company estimates the fair value of option rights using a
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model which requires
management to make estimates for certain assumptions.
Management and a consultant continuously review the following
significant assumptions: risk-free interest rate, expected life of
options, expected volatility of stock and expected dividend yield of
stock. An increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic
events outside management’s control could have a direct impact on
the Company’s results of operations. See Note 12, on pages 68 and
69 of this report, for more information on stock-based compensation.

Revenue Recognition

The Company’s revenue was primarily generated from the sale

of products. All sales of products were recognized when shipped
and title passed to unaffiliated customers. Collectibility of amounts
recorded as revenue is reasonably assured at time of sale.
Discounts were recorded as a reduction to sales in the same
period as the sale resulting in an appropriate net sales amount for
the period. Standard sales terms are final and returns or exchanges
are not permitted unless expressly stated. Estimated provisions for

returns or exchanges, recorded as a reduction resulting in net
sales, were established in cases where the right of return existed.
The Company offered a variety of programs, primarily to its retail
customers, designed to promote sales of its products. Such
programs required periodic payments and allowances based on
estimated results of specific programs and were recorded as a
reduction resulting in net sales. The Company accrued the
estimated total payments and allowances associated with each
transaction at the time of sale. Additionally, the Company offered
programs directly to consumers to promote the sale of its
products. Promotions that reduced the ultimate consumer sale
prices were recorded as a reduction resulting in net sales at the
time the promotional offer was made, generally using estimated
redemption and participation levels. The Company continually
assesses the adequacy of accruals for customer and consumer
promotional program costs earned but not yet paid. To the extent
total program payments differ from estimates, adjustments may
be necessary. Historically, these total program payments and
adjustments have not been material. See Note 1 on page 50 for
information on the new revenue standard.

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CASH FLOW

Overview

On June 1, 2017, the Company completed the Acquisition for a

total purchase price of $8.939 billion. On May 16, 2017, the
Company issued $6.000 billion of senior notes (New Notes) in a
public offering. The net proceeds from the issuance of the New
Notes were used to fund the Acquisition. In April 2016, the
Company entered into a $7.300 billion bridge credit agreement
(Bridge Loan) and a $2.000 billion term loan credit agreement
(Term Loan) as committed financing for the Acquisition. On
June 1, 2017, the Company terminated the agreement for the
Bridge Loan and borrowed the full $2.000 billion on the Term
Loan. The Company continues to maintain sufficient short-term
borrowing capacity at reasonable rates, and the Company has
sufficient cash on hand and total available borrowing capacity to
fund its current operating needs.

The Acquisition significantly affected the Company’s financial
condition, liquidity and cash flow. See Note 2 for a table detailing
the preliminary opening balance sheet. Net working capital
decreased $319.5 million at December 31, 2017 compared to 2016
due to a significant increase in current liabilities partially offset by
a significant increase in current assets primarily due to the
Acquisition. Total debt at December 31, 2017 increased
$8.568 billion to $10.521 billion from $1.953 billion at
December 31, 2016 and increased as a percentage of total
capitalization to 74.0 percent from 51.0 percent the prior year. At
December 31, 2017, the Company had remaining short- term
borrowing ability of $1.725 billion.

24

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Net operating cash increased $575.4 million in 2017 to a cash

source of $1.884 billion from a cash source of $1.309 billion in
2016 due primarily to an increase in net income of $639.6 million
and increased cash generated by changes in working capital
partially offset by changes in non-cash items when compared to
2016. Net operating cash increased as a percent to sales to
12.6 percent in 2017 compared to 11.0 percent in 2016. During
2017, strong net operating cash continued to provide the funds
necessary to invest in new stores, manufacturing and distribution
facilities and return cash to shareholders through dividends. In
2017, the Company used a portion of Net operating cash and Cash
and cash equivalents to spend $222.8 million in capital additions
and improvements and pay $319.0 million in cash dividends to its
shareholders of common stock.

Net Working Capital

Total current assets less Total current liabilities (net working
capital) decreased $319.5 million to a surplus of $478.7 million at
December 31, 2017 from a surplus of $798.1 million at
December 31, 2016. The net working capital decrease is due to a
significant increase in current liabilities partially offset by a
significant increase in current assets. Cash and cash equivalents
decreased $685.6 million and current portion of long-term debt
decreased $699.3 million resulting from the payment of 1.35%
senior notes becoming due in 2017 while Short-term borrowings
increased $593.0 million. Accounts payable increased
$756.9 million and other accruals increased $394.1 million
primarily related to the Acquisition and Acquisition cost accruals.
Accrued taxes increased $3.1 million and compensation, taxes
withheld increased $110.1 million primarily due to the Acquisition
and timing of payments. Accounts receivable increased
$873.6 million and inventories increased $733.0 million primarily
due to the Acquisition. As a result of the net effect of these
changes, the Company’s current ratio decreased to 1.12 at
December 31, 2017 from 1.28 at December 31, 2016. Accounts
receivable as a percent of Net sales increased to 14.0 percent in
2017 from 10.4 percent in 2016. Accounts receivable days
outstanding increased to 61 days in 2017 from 54 days in 2016. In
2017, provisions for allowance for doubtful collection of accounts
increased $12.5 million, or 31.0 percent. Inventories as a percent of
Net sales increased to 12.0 percent in 2017 from 9.0 percent in
2016 primarily due to the Acquisition. Inventory days outstanding
was flat at 79 days in 2017 versus 2016. The Company has
sufficient total available borrowing capacity to fund its current
operating needs.

accounting for the Acquisition and foreign currency translation
rate fluctuations.

Intangible assets increased $5.747 billion in 2017 primarily due

to purchase accounting additions of $5.848 billion related to the
Acquisition. Decreases from amortization of finite-lived intangible
assets of $206.8 million and impairments of $2.0 million were
partially offset by $15.1 million of capitalized software costs.
Foreign currency translation rate fluctuations of
$93.0 million and other adjustments accounted for the remaining
increases. Acquired finite-lived intangible assets included
customer relationships and intellectual property. Costs related to
designing, developing, obtaining and implementing internal use
software are capitalized and amortized in accordance with the
Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC. See Note 4, on
pages 51 through 52 of this report, for a description of goodwill,
identifiable intangible assets and asset impairments recorded in
accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the
ASC and summaries of the remaining carrying values of goodwill
and intangible assets.

Deferred Pension and Other Assets

Deferred pension assets of $296.7 million at December 31,

2017 represent the excess of the fair value of assets over the
actuarially determined projected benefit obligations, primarily of
the domestic salaried defined benefit pension plan. The increase in
Deferred pension assets during 2017 of $71.2 million, from
$225.5 million last year, was primarily due to a reduction in the
discount rate to 3.6 percent, an increase in the fair value of plan
assets and acquired Valspar plans. In accordance with the
accounting prescribed by the Retirement Benefits Topic of the
ASC, the increase in the value of the Deferred pension assets is
offset in Cumulative other comprehensive loss and is amortized as
a component of Net pension costs over a defined period of pension
service. See Note 6, on pages 55 through 60 of this report, for
more information concerning the excess fair value of assets over
projected benefit obligations of the salaried defined benefit
pension plan and the amortization of actuarial gains or losses
relating to changes in the excess assets and other actuarial
assumptions.

Other assets increased $80.1 million to $502.0 million at

December 31, 2017 due primarily to a reclass of current deferred
tax assets to non-current due to the adoption of ASU No. 2015-17.
See Note 1, on pages 49 through 50 of this report, for more
information on the impact of recently issued accounting standards.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill, which represents the excess of cost over the fair

value of net assets acquired in purchase business combinations,
increased $5.687 billion in 2017 due to the preliminary purchase

Net property, plant and equipment increased $781.2 million to

$1.877 billion at December 31, 2017 due primarily to the
Acquisition of $833.0 million, capital expenditures of
$222.8 million, and currency translation and other adjustments of

25

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

$63.1 million partially offset by depreciation expense of
$285.0 million and sale or disposition of assets with remaining net
book value of $52.7 million. Capital expenditures during 2017 in The
Americas Group were primarily attributable to the opening of new
paint stores and renovation and improvements in existing stores. In
the Consumer Brands Group, capital expenditures during 2017 were
primarily attributable to improvements and normal equipment
replacements in manufacturing and distribution facilities. Capital
expenditures in the Performance Coatings Group were primarily
attributable to improvements in existing manufacturing and
distribution facilities. The Administrative Segment incurred capital
expenditures primarily for information systems hardware. In 2018,
the Company expects to spend more than 2017 for capital
expenditures. The predominant share of the capital expenditures in
2018 is expected to be for various productivity improvement and
maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and
research and development facilities, new store openings and new or
upgraded information systems hardware. The Company does not
anticipate the need for any specific long-term external financing to
support these capital expenditures.

Debt

On June 2, 2017, the Company closed its previously announced
exchange offers and consent solicitations (Exchange Offer) for the
outstanding senior notes of Valspar. Pursuant to the Exchange
Offer, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of
approximately $1.478 billion (Exchange Notes). On May 16, 2017,
the Company issued $6.0 billion of New Notes in a public offering.
The net proceeds from the issuance of the New Notes were used
to fund the Acquisition. The interest rate locks entered into during
2016 settled in March 2017 resulting in a pretax gain of
$87.6 million recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive other
loss. This gain is being amortized from Cumulative other
comprehensive loss to a reduction of interest expense over the
terms of the New Notes. For 2017, the amortization of the
unrealized gain reduced interest expense by $5.2 million.

In April 2016, the Company entered into a $7.3 billion Bridge
Loan and a $2.0 billion Term Loan as committed financing for the
Acquisition, as disclosed in Note 2. On June 1, 2017, the Company
terminated the agreement for the Bridge Loan and borrowed the
full $2.0 billion on the Term Loan. As of December 31, 2017, the
Term Loan had an outstanding balance of $850.0 million.

In August 2017, the Company entered into a floating rate loan

of €225.0 million and a fixed rate loan of €20.0 million. The
floating rate loan agreement bears interest at the six-month Euro
Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin. The fixed rate loan bears
interest at 0.92%. The proceeds will be used for general corporate
purposes, including repaying a portion of outstanding short-term
borrowings. The loans mature on August 23, 2021.

In September 2017, the Company entered into a five-year letter

of credit agreement, subsequently amended, with an aggregate
availability of $500.0 million. The credit agreement will be used
for general corporate purposes. During the first six months of
2017, the Company amended the five-year credit agreement
entered into in May 2016 to increase the aggregate availability to
$500.0 million. The credit agreement will be used for general
corporate purposes. At December 31, 2017, there was
$350.0 million borrowings outstanding under these credit
agreements. There were no borrowings outstanding at December
31, 2016. See Note 7, on pages 61 through 62 of this report, for a
detailed description of the Company’s debt outstanding and other
available financing programs.

Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit
Plans

In accordance with the accounting prescribed by the

Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, the Company’s total liability
for unfunded or underfunded defined benefit pension plans
increased $40.6 million to $93.8 million primarily due to the
acquired Valspar plans. Postretirement benefits other than
pensions increased $25.7 million to $290.8 million at
December 31, 2017 due primarily to the Acquisition and changes in
the actuarial assumptions.

The assumed discount rate used to determine the actuarial

present value of projected defined benefit pension and other
postretirement benefit obligations for domestic plans was
decreased from 4.2 percent to 3.6 percent at December 31, 2017
due to decreased rates of high-quality, long-term investments and
foreign defined benefit pension plans had similar discount rate
decreases for the same reasons. The rate of compensation
increases used to determine the projected benefit obligations
increased to 3.3 percent in 2017 from 3.4 percent for domestic
pension plans and similar increases on most foreign plans. In
deciding on the rate of compensation increases, management
considered historical Company increases as well as expectations
for future increases. The expected long-term rate of return on
assets decreased from 6.0 percent to 5.0 percent at December 31,
2017 for domestic pension plans and was slightly lower for most
foreign plans. In establishing the expected long-term rate of return
on plan assets for 2017, management considered the historical
rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation for
future investment strategies. The assumed health care cost trend
rates used to determine the net periodic benefit cost of
postretirement benefits other than pensions for 2017 were
5.5 percent and 10.5 percent, respectively, for medical and
prescription drug cost increases, both decreasing gradually to
4.5 percent in 2026. In developing the assumed health care cost
trend rates, management considered industry data, historical

26

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Environmental-Related Liabilities

The operations of the Company, like those of other companies
in the same industry, are subject to various federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
not only govern current operations and products, but also impose
potential liability on the Company for past operations.
Management expects environmental laws and regulations to
impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the Company
and the industry in the future. Management believes that the
Company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable
environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various
programs designed to protect the environment and promote
continued compliance.

Depreciation of capital expenditures and other expenses
related to ongoing environmental compliance measures were
included in the normal operating expenses of conducting business.
The Company’s capital expenditures, depreciation and other
expenses related to ongoing environmental compliance measures
were not material to the Company’s financial condition, liquidity,
cash flow or results of operations during 2017. Management does
not expect that such capital expenditures, depreciation and other
expenses will be material to the Company’s financial condition,
liquidity, cash flow or results of operations in 2018. See Note 8, on
pages 62 through 63 of this report, for further information on
environmental-related long-term liabilities.

Company experience and expectations for future health care
costs.

For 2018 Net pension cost and Net periodic benefit cost

recognition for domestic plans, the Company will use a discount
rate of 3.60 percent, an expected long-term rate of return on
assets of 5.0 percent and a rate of compensation increase of
3.3 percent. Lower discount rates and expected long-term rates of
return on plan assets will be used for most foreign plans. Use of
these assumptions and amortization of actuarial losses will result
in a domestic Net pension cost in 2018 that is expected to be
approximately $1.5 million lower than in 2017. Net periodic benefit
costs for postretirement benefits other than pensions is expected
to increase $10.2 million in 2018 due to 2017 expense including a
settlement gain of $9.3 million related to the termination of a life
insurance benefit plan. See Note 6, on pages 55 through 60 of this
report, for more information on the Company’s obligations and
funded status of its defined benefit pension plans and
postretirement benefits other than pensions.

Deferred Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes at December 31, 2017 increased

$1.360 billion from a year ago primarily due to increased deferred
tax liabilities related to intangible assets recorded in purchase
accounting for the Acquisition, partially offset by the Deferred
income tax reductions. See Note 2 on page 50 and 51 and Note 14
on pages 70 through 72 of this report for more information.

Other Long-Term Liabilities

Other long-term liabilities increased $175.1 million during 2017

due primarily to acquired liabilities from the Acquisition.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

The Company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial

commitments. The following tables summarize such obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2017.

(thousands of dollars)

Contractual Obligations

Long-term debt ..........................................................
Operating leases ........................................................
Short-term borrowings ...............................................
Interest on Long-term debt .........................................
Purchase obligations(1) ................................................
Other contractual obligations(2) ..................................

Total contractual cash obligations ..............................

Payments Due by Period

Total

$ 9,917,040
1,855,528
633,731
4,225,057
81,876
214,443
$16,927,675

Less than

1 Year

$

1,179
391,009
633,731
341,319
81,876
107,084
$1,556,198

1–3 Years
$ 1,922,807
645,826

3–5 Years
$2,669,434
416,013

More than

5 Years

$ 5,323,620
402,680

630,641

512,690

2,740,407

65,369
$3,264,643

30,360
$3,628,497

11,630
$ 8,478,337

(1)

(2)

Relate to open purchase orders for raw materials at December 31, 2017.
Relate primarily to estimated future capital contributions to investments in the U.S. affordable housing and historic renovation real estate partnerships and various other
contractual obligations.

27

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Commercial Commitments

Standby letters of credit ...............................................................
Surety bonds ................................................................................
Other commercial commitments..................................................

Total commercial commitments ...................................................

Total

$ 75,272
71,645
8,777
$155,694

Less than

1 Year

$ 75,272
71,645
8,777
$155,694

1–3 Years

3–5 Years

More than

5 Years

$

—

$

—

$

—

Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period

Warranties

The Company offers product warranties for certain products.

The specific terms and conditions of such warranties vary
depending on the product or customer contract requirements.
Management estimated the costs of unsettled product warranty
claims based on historical results and experience. Management
periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product
warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. Warranty
accruals were acquired in connection with the Acquisition. This
amount primarily includes warranties for certain products under
extended furniture protection plans along with product warranties
for other products. In the U.S., revenue related to furniture
protection plans is deferred and recognized over the contract life.
Changes in the Company’s accrual for product warranty claims
during 2017, 2016 and 2015, including customer satisfaction
settlements during the year, were as follows:

(thousands of dollars)

2017

2016

2015

Balance at January 1 ...........
Charges to expense............
Settlements........................
Acquisition Liabilities .........

Balance at December 31 .....

$ 34,419
39,707
(53,143)
130,442
$ 151,425

$ 31,878
38,954
(36,413)

$ 27,723
43,484
(39,329)

$ 34,419

$ 31,878

Shareholders’ Equity

Shareholders’ equity increased $1.814 billion to $3.692 billion at
December 31, 2017 from $1.878 billion last year primarily due to an
increase in retained earnings of $1.453 billion and an increase in
Other capital of $234.6 million. Retained earnings increased
$1.453 billion during 2017 due to net income of $1.772 billion partially
offset by $319.0 million in cash dividends paid. The increase in Other
capital of $234.6 million was due primarily to the recognition of
stock-based compensation expense and stock option exercises.
Cumulative other comprehensive loss decreased $155.5 million due
primarily to favorable foreign currency translation effects of
$147.9 million attributable to the strengthening of most foreign
operations’ functional currencies against the U.S. dollar and
$40.2 million in net actuarial gains and prior service costs of defined
benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans net of
amortization partially offset by a $34.0 million reduction in the
unrealized gain on the interest rate locks.

The Company did not make any open market purchases of its

common stock for treasury during 2017. The Company acquires its
common stock for general corporate purposes, and depending on
its cash position and market conditions, it may acquire shares in
the future. The Company had remaining authorization from its
Board of Directors at December 31, 2017 to purchase 11.65 million
shares of its common stock.

The Company’s 2017 annual cash dividend of $3.40 per
common share represented 28.4 percent of 2016 diluted net
income per common share. The 2017 annual dividend represented
the thirty-ninth consecutive year of dividend payments since the
dividend was suspended in 1978. The Company is temporarily
modifying its practice of paying 30.0 percent of the prior year’s
diluted net income per common share in cash dividend. At a
meeting held on February 14, 2018, the Board of Directors
increased the quarterly cash dividend to $.86 per common share.
This quarterly dividend, if approved in each of the remaining
quarters of 2018, would result in an annual dividend for 2018 of
$3.44 per common share or an 18.4 percent payout of 2017
diluted net income per common share. See the Statements of
Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity, on page 44 of this report, and
Notes 10, 11 and 12, on pages 67 through 69 of this report, for more
information concerning Shareholders’ equity.

Cash Flow

Net operating cash increased $575.4 million to $1.884 billion in
2017 from $1.309 billion in 2016 due primarily to an increase in net
income of $639.6 million and increased cash generated by changes in
working capital, partially offset by changes in deferred income tax
liabilities and other non-cash items when compared to 2016. Strong
net operating cash provided the funds necessary to invest in new
stores, manufacturing and distribution facilities, return cash to
shareholders through dividends, and pay down debt from the
Acquisition. Net investing cash usage increased $8.744 billion to a
usage of $9.047 billion in 2017 from a usage of $303.8 million in 2016
due primarily to cash paid for the Acquisition of $8.810 billion,
partially offset by decreases in cash used for other investments of
$41.7 million and capital expenditures of $16.3 million and increased
proceeds from sale of assets of $8.8 million. Net financing cash
increased $6.821 billion to a source of $6.514 billion in 2017 from a
usage of $307.4 million in 2016 due primarily to increased Net
Proceeds from long-term debt of $6.422 billion, increased short-term

28

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

borrowings of $357.2 million and higher proceeds from stock options
exercised of $56.7 million, partially offset by increased payments of
cash dividends of $6.9 million and increased cash used in all other
financing activities of $24.3 million. In 2017, the Company used Net
operating cash and Cash and cash equivalents on hand to spend
$222.8 million in capital additions and improvements, pay
$319.0 million in cash dividends to its shareholders of common stock,
fund the Acquisition and pay down long-term debt of $1.853 billion.

Management considers a measurement of cash flow that is not

in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
to be a useful tool in its determination of appropriate uses of the
Company’s Net operating cash. Management reduces Net
operating cash, as shown in the Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows, by the amount reinvested in the business for Capital
expenditures and the return of investment to its shareholders by
the payments of cash dividends. The resulting value is referred to
by management as “Free Cash Flow” which may not be
comparable to values considered by other entities using the same
terminology. The reader is cautioned that the Free Cash Flow
measure should not be compared to other entities unknowingly,
and it does not consider certain non-discretionary cash flows, such
as mandatory debt and interest payments. The amount shown
below should not be considered an alternative to Net operating
cash or other cash flow amounts provided in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles disclosed in the
Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, on page 43 of this report.
Free Cash Flow as defined and used by management is determined
as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

(thousands of dollars)
Net operating cash........ $1,883,968 $1,308,572 $1,447,463
(234,340)
Capital expenditures .....
(249,647)
Cash dividends .............
Free cash flow ............... $ 1,342,172 $ 757,464 $ 963,476

(239,026)
(312,082)

(222,767)
(319,029)

2015

Litigation

See page 23 of this report and Note 9 on pages 63 through 66

for more information concerning litigation.

Market Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk associated with

interest rate, foreign currency and commodity fluctuations. The
Company occasionally utilizes derivative instruments as part of its
overall financial risk management policy, but does not use
derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes.

The Company entered into foreign currency option and forward
currency exchange contracts with maturity dates of less than
twelve months in 2017, 2016 and 2015, primarily to hedge against
value changes in foreign currency. There were no material foreign
currency option and forward contracts outstanding at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The Company believes it may
be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency
exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the
Company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and
commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. See Notes 1 and 13 on pages 46
and 70 of this report.

Financial Covenant

Certain borrowings contain a consolidated leverage covenant.
The covenant states the Company’s leverage ratio is not to exceed
5.25 to 1.00. The leverage ratio is defined as the ratio of total
indebtedness (the sum of Short-term borrowings, Current portion
of long-term debt and Long-term debt) at the reporting date to
consolidated “Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and
Amortization” (EBITDA) for the 12-month period ended on the
same date. Refer to the “Results of Operations” caption below for
a reconciliation of EBITDA to Net income. At December 31, 2017,
the Company was in compliance with the covenant. The
Company’s Notes, Debentures and revolving credit agreement
contain various default and cross-default provisions. In the event
of default under any one of these arrangements, acceleration of
the maturity of any one or more of these borrowings may result.
See Note 7 on pages 61 through 62 of this report.

Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)

Participants in the Company’s ESOP are allowed to contribute
up to the lesser of twenty percent of their annual compensation or
the maximum dollar amount allowed under the Internal Revenue
Code. The Company matches six percent of eligible employee
contributions. The Company’s matching contributions to the ESOP
charged to operations were $90.7 million in 2017 compared to
$85.5 million in 2016. At December 31, 2017, there were
10,033,576 shares of the Company’s common stock being held by
the ESOP, representing 10.7 percent of the total number of voting
shares outstanding. See Note 11, on page 67 of this report, for
more information concerning the Company’s ESOP.

29

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—2017 vs. 2016

Shown below are net sales and segment profit and the percentage

paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general
merchandise sold.

change for the current period by segment for 2017 and 2016:

Net sales of the Consumer Brands Group increased in 2017

(thousands of dollars)
Net Sales:
The Americas Group ......
Consumer Brands

Group.........................

Performance Coatings

Group.........................
Administrative ...............

Net sales........................

(thousands of dollars)
Income Before Income

Taxes:

The Americas Group .........
Consumer Brands

Group............................

Performance Coatings

Group............................
Administrative ..................

Income before income

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

$ 9,117,279 $ 8,377,083

8.8%

2,154,729

1,527,515

41.1%

3,706,134
5,646

1,946,004
5,000
$14,983,788 $11,855,602

90.4%
12.9%
26.4%

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

Change

$1,769,466 $1,605,306

10.2%

226,001

301,041

-24.9%

298,503
(765,751)

257,187
(568,301)

16.1%
-34.7%

taxes .............................

$ 1,528,219 $ 1,595,233

-4.2%

Consolidated net sales for 2017 increased due primarily to the
addition of Valspar sales beginning in June and higher paint sales
volume in The Americas Group. Excluding Valspar net sales, net
sales increased 5.6 percent in the year. Currency translation rate
changes increased 2017 consolidated net sales by 0.3 percent. Net
sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased
71.9 percent to $2.960 billion for 2017 versus $1.722 billion for
2016 due primarily to the addition of Valspar sales since June. Net
sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries
increased 18.7 percent to $12.024 billion for 2017 versus
$10.133 billion for 2016.

Net sales in the The Americas Group increased in 2017 due

primarily to higher architectural paint sales volume across all end
market segments and selling price increases. Net sales from stores
in the U.S., Canada and Latin America open for more than twelve
calendar months increased 6.3 percent for the full year. During
2017, The Americas Group opened 114 new stores and closed 13
redundant locations for a net increase of 101 stores, increasing the
total number of stores in operation at December 31, 2017 to 4,620
in the United States, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Americas Group’s objective is to expand its store base an
average of 2.5 percent each year, primarily through internal
growth. Sales of products other than paint increased
approximately 14.3 percent for the year over 2016. A discussion of
changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than

primarily due to the inclusion of Valspar sales since June, partially
offset by lower volume sales to some of the Group’s retail
customers. Valspar sales increased Group net sales 49.4 percent
in the year. In 2018, the Consumer Brands Group plans to continue
promotions of new and existing products and expand of its
customer base and product assortment at existing customers.

The Performance Coatings Group’s net sales in 2017 increased

due primarily to the inclusion of Valspar sales and selling price
increases. Currency translation rate changes increased net sales
1.5 percent for 2017. In 2017, the Performance Coatings Group
opened 4 new branches and closed 2 locations increasing the total
from 288 to 290 branches open in the United States, Canada,
Mexico, South America, Europe and Asia at year-end. In 2018, the
Performance Coatings Group plans to continue expanding its
worldwide presence and improving its customer base.

Net sales in the Administrative segment, which primarily

consist of external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space
and leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its
primary business, decreased by an insignificant amount in 2017.
Consolidated gross profit increased $858.5 million in 2017 due
primarily to Valspar sales since June and higher paint sales volume,
partially offset by raw material cost increases. Consolidated gross
profit as a percent to net sales decreased to 45.3 percent from
50.0 percent in 2016 due primarily to Valspar sales, Acquisition-
related inventory purchase accounting adjustments and raw material
cost increases, partially offset by higher paint sales volume. The
Americas Group’s gross profit for 2017 increased $297.7 million
compared to 2016 due primarily to higher paint sales volume and
selling price increases, partially offset by higher raw material costs.
The Americas Group’s gross profit margins declined primarily due to
increased raw material costs, partially offset by higher paint sales
volume and selling price increases. The Consumer Brands Group’s
gross profit increased $146.9 million due primarily to the inclusion of
Valspar sales, partially offset by increased raw material costs,
Acquisition-related inventory purchase accounting adjustments and
lower sales volumes at certain customers compared to 2016. The
Performance Coatings Group’s gross profit for 2017 increased
$422.9 million due primarily to inclusion of Valspar sales and
favorable currency translation rate changes, partially offset by higher
raw material costs and Acquisition-related inventory purchase
accounting adjustments. Acquisition-related purchase accounting
adjustments decreased Consumer Brands and Performance Coatings
Groups’ gross profit by $49.2 million and $39.2 million, respectively,
for 2017. Both Consumer Brands and Performance Coatings Groups’
gross profit margins were lower due to inclusion of Valspar sales,
higher raw material costs and Acquisition-related inventory purchase

30

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

accounting adjustments to inventory, partially offset by selling price
increases.

SG&A increased by $650.9 million due primarily to the inclusion
of Valspar SG&A, increased expenses to support higher sales levels
and net new store openings, as well as increased Acquisition
expenses in the Administrative segment. Acquisition expenses in the
Administrative segment were $131.2 million and $58.4 million in 2017
and 2016, respectively. SG&A decreased as a percent of sales to
31.9 percent in 2017 from 34.9 percent in 2016 primarily due to the
addition of Valspar sales beginning in June. Excluding Valspar SG&A
and Acquisition expenses, SG&A as a percent of sales was
33.6 percent and 34.4 percent in 2017 and 2016, respectively. In The
Americas Group, SG&A increased $144.6 million for the year due
primarily to increased spending due to the number of new store
openings and general comparable store expenses to support higher
sales levels. The Consumer Brands Group’s SG&A increased by
$168.3 million for the year from inclusion of Valspar SG&A, partially
offset by improved expense control and integration synergies. The
Performance Coatings Group’s SG&A increased by $253.2 million for
the year primarily due to inclusion of Valspar SG&A, partially offset
by improved expense control and integration synergies. The
Administrative segment’s SG&A increased $84.8 million primarily
due to increased Acquisition-related costs.

Amortization and impairment expenses in total increased

$172.7 million in 2017 primarily due to amortization of Acquisition-
related intangibles. Amortization of Acquisition-related intangibles
was $127.8 million and $54.4 million for the Performance Coatings
and Consumer Brands Groups, respectively. Impairment of
goodwill and intangibles expenses decreased $8.7 million in 2017.

Other general expense – net increased $8.5 million in 2017

compared to 2016. The increase was mainly caused by an increase of
$10.5 million of expense in the Administrative segment, primarily due
to a year-over-year decrease in gain on sale of assets of $38.0 million
partially offset by a decrease in provisions for environmental matters
of $27.5 million. See Note 13, on pages 69 and 70 of this report, for
more information concerning Other general expense – net.

As required by the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the

ASC, management performed an annual impairment test of goodwill
and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1, 2017. The
impairment tests in 2017 resulted in $2.0 million impairment of
trademarks recorded in The Americas Group. The impairment tests in
2016, resulted in $10.7 million impairment in goodwill from the same
reporting unit. See Note 4, on pages 51 and 52 of this report, for more
information concerning the impairment of intangible assets.

Interest expense increased $109.4 million in 2017 primarily due

to Acquisition-related debt incurred.

Other (income) expense – net increased $12.4 million in 2017
compared to 2016. This increase was mainly due to an increase in

foreign currency related transaction losses of $6.9 million in 2017,
primarily in The Americas Group and Consumer Brands Group.
There were no other items within Other income or Other expense
that were individually significant at December 31, 2017. See Note
13 on page 70 of this report for more information concerning Other
(income) expense – net.

Consolidated Income before income taxes in 2017 decreased

$67.0 million resulting from an increase of $650.9 million in
SG&A, an increase of $172.7 million in amortization and
impairment expenses in total, and an increase of $109.4 million in
interest expense, partially offset by an increase of $858.5 million in
gross profit. Income before income taxes increased $164.2 million
in The Americas Group and $41.3 million in the Performance
Coatings Group, but decreased $75.0 million in the Consumer
Brands Group, when compared to 2016. The Administrative
segment expenses decreased Income before income taxes
$197.5 million more than in 2016 resulting primarily from
Acquisition expenses and increased Interest expense.

Net income increased in 2017 primarily due to the one-time
benefit of $668.8 million from Deferred income tax reductions,
which resulted in a consolidated effective income tax rate of (18.7)
percent, improved operating results in The Americas Group and
the inclusion of Valspar operating results, partially offset by
Acquisition costs.

Excluding the impact of the Deferred income tax reductions, the
effective income tax rate for continuing operations was 25.1 percent
for 2017 and 29.0 percent for 2016, primarily due to the year over
year impacts of Employee share-based payments. Diluted net income
per common share increased 55.7 percent to $18.67 per share for
2017 from $11.99 per share in 2016. Diluted net income per common
share from continuing operations was $19.11 per share in 2017,
including a one-time benefit of $7.04 per share from the Deferred
income tax reductions. Diluted net income per common share for
2017 was decreased by charges of $3.00 per share from Acquisition
costs, including inventory purchase accounting adjustments and
increased amortization of intangible assets. Valspar operations
increased Diluted net income per common share by $.80 per share
for 2017, including a $.92 per share charge from interest expense on
new debt. Diluted net income per common share for 2016 was
decreased by charges of $.86 per share from Acquisition costs.
Currency translation rate changes did not have a significant impact on
diluted net income per common share in 2017.

Management considers a measurement that is not in

accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles a
useful measurement of the operational profitability of the
Company. Some investment professionals also utilize such a
measurement as an indicator of the value of profits and cash that
are generated strictly from operating activities, putting aside
working capital and certain other balance sheet changes. For this

31

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

measurement, management increases Net income for significant
non-operating and non-cash expense items to arrive at an amount
known as EBITDA. The reader is cautioned that the following value
for EBITDA should not be compared to other entities unknowingly.
EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to Net income or
Net operating cash as an indicator of operating performance or as
a measure of liquidity. The reader should refer to the
determination of Net income and Net operating cash in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
disclosed in the Statements of Consolidated Income and
Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, on pages 40 and 43 of
this report. EBITDA as used by management is calculated as
follows:

(thousands of dollars)

2017

2016

2015

Year Ended December 31,

Net income from

continuing
operations................ $ 1,813,802 $ 1,132,703 $1,053,849
61,791
495,117
170,323
28,237

Interest Expense ..........
Income Taxes ..............
Depreciation ................
Amortization ...............

263,471
(285,583)
284,997
206,764

154,088
462,530
172,074
25,404

EBITDA from
continuing
operations................
Valspar EBITDA* ..........

2,283,451
160,563

1,946,799
(60,630)

1,809,317

EBITDA from
continuing
operations without
Valspar .................... $2,122,888 $2,007,429 $ 1,809,317

*

Valspar EBITDA for 2017 includes Valspar operations since June 1, 2017,
purchase accounting items and acquisition costs. Valspar EBITDA for 2016
includes acquisition costs only.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – 2016 VS. 2015

Shown below are net sales and segment profit and the

percentage change for the current period by segment for 2016 and
2015:

(thousands of dollars)
Net Sales:
The Americas Group.......
Consumer Brands

Group .........................

Performance Coatings

Group .........................
Administrative ................

Net sales.........................

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

Change

$ 8,377,083 $ 7,839,966

6.9%

1,527,515

1,577,955

-3.2%

1,946,004
5,000

1,916,300
5,083
$11,855,602 $11,339,304

1.6%
-1.6%
4.6%

32

(thousands of dollars)
Income Before Income

Taxes:

The Americas Group .........
Consumer Brands

Group............................

Performance Coatings

Group............................
Administrative ..................

Income before income

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

Change

$1,605,306 $ 1,451,998

10.6%

301,041

308,833

-2.5%

257,187
(568,301)

201,881
(413,746)

27.4%
-37.4%

taxes .............................

$ 1,595,233 $1,548,966

3.0%

Consolidated net sales for 2016 increased due primarily to

higher paint sales volume in The Americas Group and the impact
of the Revenue reclassification beginning in the third quarter
related to grossing up third-party service revenue and related
costs which were previously netted and immaterial in prior
periods. The Revenue reclassification increased sales in the year
1.1 percent. This prospective change primarily impacts The
Americas and the Performance Coatings Groups. This change had
no impact on segment profit, but reduced segment profit as a
percent to net sales of the affected groups. Unfavorable currency
translation rate changes decreased 2016 consolidated net sales
1.4 percent. Net sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries were
down 3.7 percent to $1.722 billion for 2016 versus $1.789 billion
for 2015 due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation
rates. Net sales of all operations other than consolidated foreign
subsidiaries were up 6.1 percent to $10.133 billion for 2016 versus
$9.550 billion for 2015.

Net sales in The Americas Group in 2016 increased primarily

due to higher architectural paint sales volume across all end
market segments. Net sales from stores open for more than twelve
calendar months increased 5.3 percent for the full year. During
2016, The Americas Group opened 158 new stores and closed 16
redundant locations for a net increase of 142 stores, increasing the
total number of stores in operation at December 31, 2016 to 4,519
in the United States, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Americas Group’s objective is to expand its store base an
average of two and a half percent each year, primarily through
internal growth. Sales of products other than paint increased
approximately 7.0 percent for the year over 2015. A discussion of
changes in volume versus pricing for sales of products other than
paint is not pertinent due to the wide assortment of general
merchandise sold.

Net sales of the Consumer Brands Group increased primarily

due to higher volume sales to most of the Group’s retail
customers, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation rate
changes decreased net sales 1.1 percent in the year. Sales of wood
care coatings, brushes, rollers, caulk and other paint related
products, were all up at least mid to high-single digits as compared

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

to 2015 while sales of aerosol products were down slightly. A
discussion of changes in volume versus pricing for sales of
products other than paint is not pertinent due to the wide
assortment of paint-related merchandise sold.

The Performance Coatings Group’s net sales in 2016, when

stated in U.S. dollars, decreased due primarily to unfavorable
currency translation rate changes. Unfavorable currency
translation rate changes in the year decreased net sales by
2.6 percent for 2016. In 2016, the Performance Coatings Group
opened 5 new branches and closed 13 locations decreasing the
total from 296 to 288 branches open in the United States, Canada,
Mexico, South America, Europe and Asia at year-end.

Net sales in the Administrative segment, which primarily

consist of external leasing revenue of excess headquarters space
and leasing of facilities no longer used by the Company in its
primary business, decreased by an insignificant amount in 2016.

Consolidated gross profit increased $363.0 million in 2016 and

improved as a percent to net sales to 50.0 percent from
49.0 percent in 2015 due primarily to higher paint sales volume and
improved operating efficiencies partially offset by unfavorable
currency translation rate changes. Excluding the effect of the
Revenue reclassification, consolidated gross profit percent to net
sales was 50.4 percent for 2016. The Americas Group’s gross profit
for 2016 increased $338.9 million compared to 2015 due primarily
to higher paint sales volume. The Americas Group’s gross profit
margins increased primarily due to higher paint sales volume
partially offset by the effect of the Revenue reclassification. The
Consumer Brands Group’s gross profit increased $19.8 million due
primarily to improved operating efficiency and increased paint sales
volume. The Consumer Brands Group’s gross profit margins
increased for those same reasons. The Performance Coatings
Group’s gross profit for 2016 increased $8.8 million due primarily to
improved operating efficiencies and decreasing raw material costs
partially offset by unfavorable currency translation rate changes.
The Performance Coatings Group’s gross profit increased as a
percent of sales for those same reasons. Foreign currency
translation rate fluctuations decreased Performance Coatings
Group’s gross profit by $15.7 million for 2016. The Administrative
segment’s gross profit decreased by $4.4 million.

SG&A increased by $245.9 million due primarily to increased

expenses to support higher sales levels and net new store openings
as well as the impact of Acquisition expenses of $58.4 million
recorded in the Administrative segment. SG&A increased as a
percent of sales to 35.1 percent in 2016 from 34.5 percent in 2015
primarily due to those same reasons. In The Americas Group,
SG&A increased $177.7 million for the year due primarily to the
number of new store openings and general comparable store
expenses to support higher sales levels. The Consumer Brands
Group’s SG&A increased by $6.5 million for the year in support of
increased sales levels. The Performance Coatings Group’s SG&A

decreased by $22.1 million for the year relating primarily to foreign
currency translation rate fluctuations reducing SG&A by
$16.0 million. The Administrative segment’s SG&A increased
$83.8 million primarily due to Acquisition expenses and incentive
compensation.

Other general expense – net decreased $17.9 million in 2016

compared to 2015. The decrease was mainly caused by a decrease
of $19.2 million of expense in the Administrative segment,
primarily due to a year-over-year increase in gain on sale of assets
of $29.8 million partially offset by an increase in provisions for
environmental matters of $11.9 million. See Note 13, on page 69
and 70 of this report, for more information concerning Other
general expense – net.

As required by the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the

ASC, management performed an annual impairment test of
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of October 1,
2016. The impairment tests in 2016 resulted in $10.7 million
impairment of goodwill and trademarks recorded in The Americas
Group for the Latin America operating unit. See Note 4, on pages
51 and 52 of this report, for more information concerning the
impairment of intangible assets.

Amortization of credit facility costs incurred in early 2016 and

interest on debt issued in July 2015 increased interest expense
$92.3 million in 2016.

Other (income) expense – net increased to $4.6 million income

from $6.1 million expense in 2015. This was primarily due to
decreased net expense from banking activities of $2.4 million and
decreased miscellaneous net expenses of $5.2 million both
primarily recorded in the Administrative segment. Additionally,
foreign currency related transaction losses of $7.3 million in 2016
compared to $9.5 million in 2015, primarily in The Americas Group
and the Performance Coatings Group. See Note 13, on page 70 of
this report, for more information concerning Other expense
(income) – net.

Consolidated Income before income taxes in 2016 increased

$46.3 million due primarily to an increase of $363.0 million in
gross profit partially offset by an increase of $245.9 million in
SG&A and an increase of $60.2 million in interest expense,
interest and net investment income and other expenses. Income
before income taxes increased $153.3 million in The Americas
Group, $10.4 million in the Consumer Brands Group, and
$37.1 million in the Performance Coatings Group when compared
to 2015. The Administrative segment had a decreased impact on
Income before income taxes of $154.6 million when compared to
2015 resulting primarily from Acquisition expenses and increased
interest expense. Segment profit of all consolidated foreign
subsidiaries decreased 20.7 percent to $60.1 million for 2016
versus $75.8 million for 2015. Segment profit of all operations
other than consolidated foreign subsidiaries increased 4.2 percent
to $1.535 billion for 2016 versus $1.473 billion for 2015.

33

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Net income increased $78.9 million in 2016 primarily due to
the increase in Income before income taxes and the Income tax
accounting change.

The effective income tax rate was 29.0 percent for 2016 and

32.0 percent for 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate in
2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the Income tax
accounting change. Excluding the impact of Acquisition expense
tax benefits and the adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, the effective

income tax rate was 32.3 percent for 2016. Diluted net income per
common share increased 7.5 percent to $11.99 per share for 2016,
including an $.86 per share charge for expenses associated with
the Acquisition partially offset by an increase of $.40 per share
related to the Income tax accounting change, from $11.15 per share
a year ago. Unfavorable currency translation rate changes
decreased diluted net income per common share by $.14 per share
for the year.

34

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

35

Report of Management on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting

Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and

15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We recognize that internal control over financial reporting cannot
provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process that involves human diligence and is subject to the possibility of human error or the circumvention or the overriding
of internal control. Therefore, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal
control over financial reporting. However, we believe we have designed into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this
risk. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In order to ensure that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017, we conducted an

assessment of its effectiveness under the supervision and with the participation of our management group, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer. This assessment was based on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control –
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

On June 1, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of the Valspar Corporation (Valspar). As permitted by the Securities and

Exchange Commission, management excluded the Valspar operations from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2017. Valspar operations constituted 13 percent and 36 percent of total assets and net assets, respectively, as of
December 31, 2017, and 16 percent of sales and 3 percent of net income for the year then ended. Valspar operations will be included in the
Company’s assessment as of December 31, 2018.

Based on our assessment of internal control over financial reporting under the criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated

Framework, we have concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2017 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, and their report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting is included on page 37 of this report.

J. G. Morikis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

A. J. Mistysyn
Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer

J. M. Cronin
Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller

36

Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited The Sherwin-Williams Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, The Sherwin-Williams Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on the COSO criteria.

As indicated in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of

and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Valspar, which is
included in the 2017 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 13 percent and 36 percent of total and net assets,
respectively, as of December 31, 2017 and 16 percent and 3 percent of total revenues and net income, respectively, for the year then ended.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial
reporting of Valspar.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the consolidated balance sheets of The Sherwin-Williams Company as of December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2017, and the related notes and our report dated February 23, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the

effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those

standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of

financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections

of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Cleveland, Ohio
February 23, 2018

37

Report of Management on the
Consolidated Financial Statements

Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company

We are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and related

financial information included in this report of The Sherwin-Williams Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. The consolidated financial information included in this report contains certain amounts that were based upon our best
estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe were reasonable under the circumstances.

We have conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in

Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As discussed
in the Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on page 36 of this report, we concluded that the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017.

The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the oversight of the Company’s accounting policies and procedures, financial

statement preparation and internal control over financial reporting through the Audit Committee, comprised exclusively of independent
directors. The Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment and compensation of the independent registered public accounting
firm. The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly with financial management, internal auditors and the independent registered public
accounting firm to review the adequacy of financial controls, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
and the nature, extent and results of the audit effort. Both the internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting firm have
private and confidential access to the Audit Committee at all times.

We believe that the consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and related financial information included in this report

fairly reflect the form and substance of all material financial transactions and fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented.

J. G. Morikis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

A. J. Mistysyn
Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer

J. M. Cronin
Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller

38

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Sherwin-Williams Company

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Sherwin-Williams Company (the Company) as of

December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, cash flows and
shareholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), The

Sherwin-Williams Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and
our report dated February 23, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit

to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We have served as the Company‘s auditor since 1908.
Cleveland, Ohio
February 23, 2018

39

Statements of Consolidated Income and Comprehensive Income
(thousands of dollars except per common share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2017

$14,983,788
8,202,577
6,781,211

2016

$11,855,602
5,932,851
5,922,751

2015

$11,339,304
5,779,691
5,559,613

49.0%

3,885,668

34.3%

30,268
28,237

61,791
(1,399)
6,082
1,548,966
495,117
1,053,849

50.0%

4,134,517

34.9%

12,368
25,404
10,688
154,088
(4,960)
(4,587)
1,595,233
462,530
1,132,703

$ 1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

$

$

$

$

12.33

12.33

11.99

11.99

$

$

$

$

11.43

11.43

11.15

11.15

45.3%

4,785,415

31.9%

20,865
206,764
2,022
263,471
(8,571)
(16,974)
1,528,219
(285,583)
1,813,802

41,540
(41,540)
$ 1,772,262

$

$

$

$

19.52
(.44)
19.08

19.11
(.44)
18.67

Net sales .............................................................................................
Cost of goods sold ................................................................................

Gross profit .........................................................................................
Percent to net sales ...........................................................................
Selling, general and administrative expenses...........................................
Percent to net sales ...........................................................................
Other general expense - net...................................................................
Amortization........................................................................................
Impairment of goodwill and trademarks ..................................................
Interest expense...................................................................................
Interest and net investment income........................................................
Other (income) expense - net ................................................................

Income from continuing operations before income taxes ..........................
Income tax (credit) expense ..................................................................

Net income from continuing operations ..................................................
Loss from discontinued operations
Income taxes........................................................................................

Net loss from discontinued operations....................................................

Net income ..........................................................................................

Basic net income per common share:

Continuing operations ....................................................................
Discontinued operations ................................................................

Net income per common share ...................................................

Diluted net income per common share

Continuing operations ....................................................................
Discontinued operations ................................................................

Net income per common share ...................................................

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

40

Statements of Consolidated Income and Comprehensive Income
(thousands of dollars except per common share data)

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$1,772,262

$1,132,703

$1,053,849

147,930

(18,648)

(128,245)

47,995
(7,762)

40,233

2,026
(720)

1,306

(30,765)
(3,223)
(33,988)
155,481
$1,927,743

(28,385)
7,635

(20,750)

1,046
89

1,135

85,007

7,974
5,847

13,821

(1,191)
478

(713)

85,007
46,744
$1,179,447

—
(115,137)
$ 938,712

Net income................................................................................................
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Foreign currency translation adjustments .................................................
Pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments:

Amounts recognized in Other comprehensive loss(1) ...............................
Amounts reclassified from Other comprehensive loss(2) ..........................

Unrealized net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities:

Amounts recognized in Other comprehensive loss(3)...............................
Amounts reclassified from Other comprehensive loss(4)..........................

Unrealized net gains on cash flow hedges:

Amounts recognized in Other comprehensive loss(5)...............................
Amounts reclassified from Other comprehensive loss(6)..........................

Other comprehensive income (loss) ............................................................

Comprehensive income ..............................................................................

(1) Net of taxes of $(19,313), $17,200 and $(3,399), in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(2) Net of taxes of $4,764, $(4,691) and $(1,647), in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3) Net of taxes of $(1,244), $(643) and $736, in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(4) Net of taxes of $442, $(55) and $(296) in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(5) Net of taxes of $18,884 and $(52,226) in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(6) Net of taxes of $1,978 in 2017.

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

41

Consolidated Balance Sheets
(thousands of dollars)

Assets
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents ..................................................................
Accounts receivable, less allowance.....................................................
Inventories:

Finished goods ...............................................................................
Work in process and raw materials...................................................

Deferred income taxes .......................................................................
Other current assets ..........................................................................

Total current assets ........................................................................
Goodwill...............................................................................................
Intangible assets ...................................................................................
Deferred pension assets.........................................................................
Other assets .........................................................................................
Property, plant and equipment:

Land .................................................................................................
Buildings ...........................................................................................
Machinery and equipment ..................................................................
Construction in progress.....................................................................

Less allowances for depreciation .........................................................

Total Assets .........................................................................................

Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Current liabilities:

Short-term borrowings .......................................................................
Accounts payable ..............................................................................
Compensation and taxes withheld .......................................................
Accrued taxes ...................................................................................
Current portion of long-term debt........................................................
Other accruals ...................................................................................

Total current liabilities ....................................................................
Long-term debt .....................................................................................
Postretirement benefits other than pensions ............................................
Deferred income taxes ...........................................................................
Other long-term liabilities ......................................................................
Shareholders’ equity:

Common stock – $1.00 par value:
93,883,645, 93,013,031, and 92,246,525 shares outstanding at

December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively ...............................
Other capital .....................................................................................
Retained earnings ..............................................................................
Treasury stock, at cost .......................................................................
Cumulative other comprehensive loss ..................................................

Total shareholders’ equity ...............................................................

Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity .................................................

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

2017

December 31,

2016

2015

$

204,213
2,104,555

$ 889,793
1,230,987

$

205,744
1,114,275

1,415,339
386,036
1,801,375

355,697
4,465,840
6,814,345
6,002,361
296,743
502,023

254,676
962,094
2,572,963
177,056
3,966,789
2,089,674
1,877,115
$19,958,427

$

633,731
1,791,552
508,166
79,901
1,179
972,651
3,987,180
9,885,745
274,675
1,434,196
684,443

898,627
169,699
1,068,326
57,162
381,030
3,627,298
1,126,892
255,010
225,529
421,904

115,555
714,815
2,153,437
117,126
3,100,933
2,005,045
1,095,888
$ 6,752,521

$

40,739
1,034,608
398,045
76,765
700,475
578,547
2,829,179
1,211,326
250,397
73,833
509,345

840,603
177,927
1,018,530
87,883
230,748
2,657,180
1,143,333
255,371
244,882
436,309

119,530
696,202
2,026,617
81,082
2,923,431
1,881,569
1,041,862
$ 5,778,937

$

39,462
1,157,561
338,256
81,146
3,154
522,280
2,141,859
1,907,278
248,523
138,709
474,658

117,561
2,723,183
5,502,730
(4,266,416)
(384,870)
3,692,188
$19,958,427

116,563
2,488,564
4,049,497
(4,235,832)
(540,351)
1,878,441
$ 6,752,521

115,761
2,330,426
3,228,876
(4,220,058)
(587,095)
867,910
$ 5,778,937

42

Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows
(thousands of dollars)

Operating Activities
Net income...............................................................................................
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net operating cash:

Loss from discontinued operations ..........................................................
Depreciation .........................................................................................
Amortization of intangible assets ............................................................
Amortization of inventory purchase accounting adjustments .....................
Impairment of goodwill and trademarks ...................................................
Amortization of credit facility and debt issuance costs ..............................
Provisions for environmental-related matters...........................................
Provisions for qualified exit costs ............................................................
Deferred income taxes ...........................................................................
Defined benefit pension plans net cost.....................................................
Stock-based compensation expense ........................................................
Net decrease in postretirement liability ...................................................
Decrease in non-traded investments .......................................................
Loss (gain) on sale or disposition of assets ...............................................
Other ...................................................................................................

Change in working capital accounts:

(Increase) in accounts receivable ............................................................
(Increase) in inventories ........................................................................
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ..................................................
(Decrease) increase in accrued taxes ......................................................
Increase (decrease) in accrued compensation and taxes withheld ..............
(Increase) decrease in refundable income taxes .......................................
Other ...................................................................................................
Costs incurred for environmental-related matters ........................................
Costs incurred for qualified exit costs .........................................................
Other.......................................................................................................
Net operating cash ................................................................................

Investing Activities
Capital expenditures .................................................................................
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ..........................................
Proceeds from sale of assets ......................................................................
Increase in other investments ....................................................................
Net investing cash .................................................................................

Financing Activities
Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings........................................
Proceeds from long-term debt ....................................................................
Payments of long-term debt .......................................................................
Payments for credit facility and debt issuance costs .....................................
Payments of cash dividends .......................................................................
Proceeds from stock options exercised........................................................
Income tax effect of stock-based compensation exercises and vesting............
Treasury stock purchased ..........................................................................
Other.......................................................................................................
Net financing cash .................................................................................
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash......................................................
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ...................................
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year ............................................
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.....................................................
Taxes paid on income ................................................................................
Interest paid on debt .................................................................................

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$ 1,772,262

$ 1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

41,540
284,997
206,764
54,924
2,022
8,313
15,443
50,503
(606,135)
18,153
90,292
(17,865)
65,703
5,422
1,051

(49,850)
(89,959)
166,687
(20,878)
11,286
(15,520)
16,270
(13,792)
(45,422)
(68,243)
1,883,968

(222,767)
(8,810,315)
47,246
(61,526)
(9,047,362)

356,320
8,275,169
(1,852,812)
(49,376)
(319,029)
143,579

(39,761)
6,514,090
(36,276)
(685,580)
889,793
204,213
419,695
220,630

$
$

172,074
25,404

10,688
63,759
42,932
3,038
(68,241)
14,851
72,109
(12,373)
64,689
(30,564)
5,334

(113,855)
(52,577)
(118,893)
(2,159)
60,632
(1,343)
56,215
(15,178)
(6,267)
5,594
1,308,572

170,323
28,237

3,096
31,071
9,761
4,976
6,491
72,342
(6,645)
65,144
(803)
3,617

(56,873)
(40,733)
160,111
4,606
(13,128)
19,230
(955)
(11,995)
(11,200)
(43,059)
1,447,463

(239,026)

(234,340)

38,434
(103,182)
(303,774)

(899)
500
(1,111)
(65,119)
(312,082)
86,831

(15,473)
(307,353)
(13,396)
684,049
205,744
$ 889,793
$ 477,786
153,850

11,300
(65,593)
(288,633)

(630,226)
797,514

(249,647)
89,990
89,691
(1,035,291)
(42,384)
(980,353)
(13,465)
165,012
40,732
$ 205,744
$
335,119
48,644

43

Total

$ 996,470
1,053,849
(115,137)
(1,035,291)
127,975
89,691
(249,647)
867,910
1,132,703
46,744
143,166
(312,082)
1,878,441
1,772,262
155,481
202,765
2,268
(319,029)
$ 3,692,188

Statements of Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity
(thousands of dollars except per common share data)

Common

Stock

Other
Capital

Retained
Earnings

Treasury

Stock

Cumulative

Other

Comprehensive

Loss

Balance at January 1, 2015 .............................
Net income ...................................................
Other comprehensive loss.............................
Treasury stock purchased .............................
Stock-based compensation activity ...............
Income tax effect of stock compensation ......
Cash dividends – $2.68 per common share ...

Balance at December 31, 2015 .......................
Net income ...................................................
Other comprehensive income .......................
Stock-based compensation activity ...............
Cash dividends – $3.36 per common share....

Balance at December 31, 2016.......................
Net income ...................................................
Other comprehensive income .......................
Stock-based compensation activity ...............
Acquired noncontrolling interest ...................
Cash dividends – $3.40 per common share ...

$114,525

$2,079,639

$ 2,424,674 $ (3,150,410)

$ (471,958)

1,236

161,096
89,691

115,761

2,330,426

1,053,849

(249,647)
3,228,876
1,132,703

(115,137)

(1,035,291)
(34,357)

(4,220,058)

(587,095)

46,744

802

158,138

(15,774)

116,563

2,488,564

998

232,351
2,268

(312,082)
4,049,497
1,772,262

(319,029)

(4,235,832)

(540,351)

155,481

(30,584)

Balance at December 31, 2017 .......................

$ 117,561

$ 2,723,183

$ 5,502,730 $ (4,266,416)

$(384,870)

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

44

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

45

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 1 – SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements include

the accounts of The Sherwin-Williams Company and its wholly
owned subsidiaries (collectively, the Company). Intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated. In order to
facilitate our year-end closing process, Valspar foreign
subsidiaries’ financial results are included in our consolidated
financial statements on a one-month lag.

Use of estimates. The preparation of consolidated financial

statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates, judgments
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from those amounts.

Nature of operations. The Company is engaged in the
development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint,
coatings and related products to professional, industrial,
commercial and retail customers primarily in North and South
America, with additional operations in the Caribbean region,
Europe, Asia and Australia.

Reportable segments. See Note 18 for further details.
Cash flows. Management considers all highly liquid

investments with a maturity of three months or less when
purchased to be cash equivalents.

Fair value of financial instruments. The following methods

and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating its fair
value disclosures for financial instruments:

Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amounts
reported for Cash and cash equivalents approximate fair
value.

Short-term investments: The carrying amounts

reported for Short-term investments approximate fair value.

Investments in securities: Investments classified as

available-for-sale are carried at market value. See the
recurring fair value measurement table on page 47.

Non-traded investments: The Company has

investments in the U.S. affordable housing and historic
renovation real estate markets and certain other investments

that have been identified as variable interest entities.
However, because the Company does not have the power to
direct the day-to-day operations of the investments and the
risk of loss is limited to the amount of contributed capital,
the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary. In
accordance with the Consolidation Topic of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC), the investments are not consolidated.
For affordable housing investments entered into prior to the
January 1, 2015 adoption of Accounting Standard Update
(ASU) No. 2014-01, the Company uses the effective yield
method to determine the carrying value of the investments.
Under the effective yield method, the initial cost of the
investments is amortized to income tax expense over the
period that the tax credits are recognized. For affordable
housing investments entered into on or after the January 1,
2015 adoption of ASU No. 2014-01, the Company uses the
proportional amortization method. Under the proportional
amortization method, the initial cost of the investments is
amortized to income tax expense in proportion to the tax
credits and other tax benefits received. The carrying
amounts of the investments, included in Other assets, were
$189,386, $193,413 and $189,484 at December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The liabilities recorded on the
balance sheets for estimated future capital contributions to
the investments were $179,026, $178,584 and $172,899 at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Short-term borrowings: The carrying amounts reported

for Short-term borrowings approximate fair value.

Long-term debt (including current portion): The fair

values of the Company’s publicly traded debt, shown below,
are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of the
Company’s non-traded debt, also shown below, are
estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the
Company’s current incremental borrowing rates for similar
types of borrowing arrangements. The Company’s publicly
traded debt and non-traded debt are classified as level 1 and
level 2, respectively, in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 7.

2017

Carrying
Amount
$8,742,739
1,144,185

Fair
Value

$9,054,277
1,088,630

December 31,

2016

Carrying
Amount

$1,907,704
4,097

2015

Fair
Value

$1,912,646
3,783

Carrying
Amount
$1,905,650
4,782

Fair
Value

$1,960,169
4,555

Publicly traded debt .......
Non-traded debt ............

Derivative instruments: The Company utilizes derivative

instruments as part of its overall financial risk management
policy. The Company entered into foreign currency option and
forward currency exchange contracts with maturity dates of

less than twelve months in 2017, 2016, and 2015, primarily to
hedge against value changes in foreign currency. See Note 13.
There were no material foreign currency option and forward
contracts outstanding at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

46

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

In 2016, the Company entered into a series of interest
rate lock agreements which were designated as cash flow
hedges. The interest rate locks settled during 2017. See
Note 7.

Fair value measurements. The following tables summarize the

Company’s assets and liabilities measured on a recurring and
non-recurring basis in accordance with the Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures Topic of the ASC:

Assets and Liabilities Reported at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Assets:
Deferred compensation plan assets(1) ..........................

Liabilities:
Deferred compensation plan liabilities(2)......................

Fair Value at
December 31,

2017

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets for
Identical Assets

(Level 1)

Significant Other
Observable Inputs

(Level 2)

$ 61,097

$34,433

$26,664

$70,850

$70,850

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

(1)

The deferred compensation plan assets consists of the investment funds maintained for the future payments under the Company’s executive deferred compensation plans,
which are structured as rabbi trusts. The investments are marketable securities accounted for under the Debt and Equity Securities Topic of the ASC. The level 1
investments are valued using quoted market prices multiplied by the number of shares. The level 2 investments are valued based on vendor or broker models. The cost
basis of the investment funds is $56,326.

(2) The deferred compensation plan liabilities are the Company’s liabilities under its deferred compensation plans. The liabilities represent the fair value of the participant

shadow accounts, and the value is based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets.

Assets and Liabilities Reported at Fair Value on a

Intangible assets. Intangible assets include indefinite- lived

Nonrecurring Basis. As a result of the 2017 annual trademark
impairment test performed in accordance with the Intangibles
Topic of the ASC, a trademark with a carrying value of $2,022 was
written off. See Note 4. Except for this trademark measurement
and the acquisition-related fair value measurements described in
Note 2, there were no assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis in 2017. These fair value measurements
qualify as level 3 measurements.

trademarks, customer relationships and intellectual property. As
required by the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of the ASC,
indefinite-lived trademarks are not amortized, but instead are
tested annually for impairment, and between annual tests
whenever an event occurs or circumstances indicate potential
impairment. See Note 4. The costs of finite-lived intangible assets
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period of
benefit, which ranges primarily from 15 to 20 years.

Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts.

Impairment of long-lived assets. In accordance with the

Accounts receivable were recorded at the time of credit sales net
of provisions for sales returns and allowances. The Company
recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $52,997, $40,450
and $49,420 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
to reduce Accounts receivable to their estimated net realizable
value. The allowance was based on an analysis of historical bad
debts, a review of the aging of Accounts receivable and the current
creditworthiness of customers. Accounts receivable balances are
written-off against the allowance if a final determination of
uncollectibility is made. All provisions for allowances for doubtful
collection of accounts are related to the creditworthiness of
accounts and are included in Selling, general and administrative
expenses.

Reserve for obsolescence. The Company recorded a reserve

for obsolescence of $103,698, $87,715 and $91,217 at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to reduce
Inventories to their estimated net realizable value.

Goodwill. Goodwill represents the cost in excess of fair value
of net assets acquired in business combinations accounted for by
the purchase method. In accordance with the Intangibles Topic of
the ASC, goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and
in between annual tests if events or circumstances indicate
potential impairment. See Note 4.

Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC, management
evaluates the recoverability and estimated remaining lives of long-
lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or the useful life
has changed. See Notes 4 and 5.

Property, plant and equipment. Property, plant and equipment

is stated on the basis of cost. Depreciation is provided by the
straight-line method. Depreciation and amortization are included
in the appropriate Cost of goods sold or Selling, general and
administrative expense caption on the Statements of Consolidated
Income. Included in Property, plant and equipment are leasehold
improvements. The major classes of assets and ranges of annual
depreciation rates are:

Buildings....................................................
Machinery and equipment .........................
Furniture and fixtures ................................
Automobiles and trucks.............................

4.0% – 20.0%
10.0% – 20.0%
6.7% – 33.3%
10.0% – 33.3%

Standby letters of credit. The Company occasionally enters into
standby letter of credit agreements to guarantee various operating
activities. These agreements provide credit availability to the
various beneficiaries if certain contractual events occur. Amounts

47

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

outstanding under these agreements totaled $75,272, $43,658 and
$45,407 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Product warranties. The Company offers product warranties

for certain products. The specific terms and conditions of such
warranties vary depending on the product or customer contract
requirements. Management estimated the costs of unsettled
product warranty claims based on historical results and
experience and included an amount in Other accruals.
Management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for
product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary.
Changes in the Company’s accrual for product warranty claims
during 2017, 2016 and 2015, including customer satisfaction
settlements during the year, were as follows:

2017

2016

2015

Balance at January 1 .........
Charges to expense ..........
Settlements......................
Acquisition.......................

Balance at December 31 ...

$ 34,419
39,707
(53,143)
130,442
$ 151,425

$ 31,878
38,954
(36,413)

$ 27,723
43,484
(39,329)

$ 34,419

$ 31,878

Warranty accruals of $130,442 were acquired in connection

with the Valspar acquisition. This amount includes warranties
from certain products under extended furniture protection plans
along with other general customer warranties. Revenue related to
the furniture protection plans is deferred and recognized over the
contract life.

Environmental matters. Capital expenditures for ongoing

environmental compliance measures were recorded in Property,
plant and equipment, and related expenses were included in the
normal operating expenses of conducting business. The Company
is involved with environmental investigation and remediation
activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites and at a
number of third-party sites. The Company accrued for
environmental-related activities for which commitments or
clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs could be
reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional
judgment. All accrued amounts were recorded on an undiscounted
basis. Environmental-related expenses included direct costs of
investigation and remediation and indirect costs such as
compensation and benefits for employees directly involved in the
investigation and remediation activities and fees paid to outside
engineering, consulting and law firms. See Notes 8 and 13.

Employee Stock Purchase and Savings Plan. The Company

accounts for the Employee Stock Purchase and Savings Plan
(ESOP) in accordance with the Employee Stock Ownership Plans
Subtopic of the Compensation – Stock Ownership Topic of the
ASC. The Company recognized compensation expense for
amounts contributed to the ESOP. See Note 11.

Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit

plans. The Company accounts for its defined benefit pension and
other postretirement benefit plans in accordance with the
Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, which requires the
recognition of a plan’s funded status as an asset for overfunded
plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. See
Note 6.

Stock-based compensation. The cost of the Company’s stock-

based compensation is recorded in accordance with the Stock
Compensation Topic of the ASC. See Note 12.

Foreign currency translation. All consolidated non- highly

inflationary foreign operations use the local currency of the
country of operation as the functional currency and translated the
local currency asset and liability accounts at year- end exchange
rates while income and expense accounts were translated at
average exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments
were included in Cumulative other comprehensive loss, a
component of Shareholders’ equity.

Cumulative other comprehensive loss. At December 31, 2017,

the ending balance of Cumulative other comprehensive loss
included adjustments for foreign currency translation of $353,346,
net prior service costs and net actuarial losses related to pension
and other postretirement benefit plans of $84,863, unrealized net
gains on marketable equity securities of $2,320 and unrealized net
gains on interest rate lock cash flow hedges of $51,019. At
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the ending balance of Cumulative
other comprehensive loss included adjustments for foreign
currency translation of $501,277 and $482,629, respectively, net
prior service costs and net actuarial losses related to pension and
other postretirement benefit plans of $125,096 and $104,346,
respectively, and unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity
securities of $1,015 and $120, respectively.

Revenue recognition. The Company recognized revenue when
products were shipped and title passed to unaffiliated customers.
Collectibility of amounts recorded as revenue was reasonably
assured at the time of recognition.

Third-party service revenue. The Company uses

subcontractors to provide installation services for customers.
Under these arrangements, the Company invoices the customer
for both the product and installation and remitted payment to the
subcontractor for the installation. Starting in the third quarter of
2016, the Company recorded the installation revenue in Net sales
and the payments to subcontractors in Cost of goods sold. Prior to
the third quarter of 2016, these amounts were netted and
immaterial.

Customer and vendor consideration. The Company offered

certain customers rebate and sales incentive programs which were
classified as reductions in Net sales. Such programs were in the
form of volume rebates, rebates that constituted a percentage of

48

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

sales or rebates for attaining certain sales goals. The Company
received consideration from certain suppliers of raw materials in
the form of volume rebates or rebates that constituted a
percentage of purchases. These rebates were recognized on an
accrual basis by the Company as a reduction of the purchase price
of the raw materials and a subsequent reduction of Cost of goods
sold when the related product was sold.

Costs of goods sold. Included in Costs of goods sold were

costs for materials, manufacturing, distribution and related
support. Distribution costs included expenses related to the
distribution of products including inbound freight charges,
purchase and receiving costs, warehousing costs, internal transfer
costs and other costs incurred to ship products. Also included in
Costs of goods sold were total technical expenditures, which
included research and development costs, quality control, product
formulation expenditures and other similar items. Research and
development costs included in technical expenditures were
$58,474, $58,041 and $57,667 for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. See Note 9.

Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling costs
included advertising expenses, marketing costs, employee and
store costs and sales commissions. The cost of advertising was
expensed as incurred. The Company incurred $374,059, $351,002
and $338,188 in advertising costs during 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. General and administrative expenses included human
resources, legal, finance and other support and administrative
functions.

Earnings per share. Common stock held in a revocable trust

(see Note 10) was not included in outstanding shares for basic or
diluted income per common share calculations. All references to
“shares” or “per share” information throughout this report relate to
common shares and are stated on a diluted per common share
basis, unless otherwise indicated. Basic and diluted net income per
common share were calculated using the treasury stock method in
accordance with the Earnings Per Common Share Topic of the
ASC. Basic net income per common share amounts were
computed based on the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding during the year. Diluted net income per
common share amounts were computed based on the weighted-
average number of common shares outstanding plus all dilutive
securities potentially outstanding during the year. See Note 15.
Impact of recently issued accounting standards. Effective

January 1, 2017, the Company adopted ASU No. 2015-17, “Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,” which eliminates the
requirement for separate presentation of current and non-current
portions of deferred tax. Subsequent to adoption, all deferred tax
assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented as non-current on
the balance sheet. The changes have been applied prospectively as
permitted by the ASU and prior years have not been restated. The

adoption of this ASU does not have a material effect on the
Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, “Improving

the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic
Postretirement Benefit Costs.” The standard requires the service
component of pension and other postretirement benefit expense
to be presented in the same income statement lines as other
employee compensation costs, however, the other components
will be presented outside of operating income. In addition, only the
service cost component will be eligible for capitalization in assets.
The standard is effective starting in 2018, with early adoption
permitted. Retrospective application is required for the guidance
on the income statement presentation. Prospective application is
required for the guidance on the cost capitalization in assets. The
standard is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04,

“Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.” This standard
simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment by eliminating
the Step 2 requirement to calculate the implied fair value of
goodwill. Instead, if a reporting unit’s carrying amount exceeds its
fair value, an impairment charge will be recorded based on that
difference. The impairment charge will be limited to the amount of
goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The standard will be
applied prospectively and is effective for impairment tests
performed after December 15, 2019, with early adoption
permitted. The standard is not expected to have a material effect
on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or
liquidity.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, “Leases,”

which consists of a comprehensive lease accounting standard.
Under the new standard, assets and liabilities arising from most
leases will be recognized on the balance sheet. Leases will be
classified as either operating or financing, and the lease
classification will determine whether expense is recognized on a
straight line basis (operating leases) or based on an effective
interest method (financing leases). The new standard is effective
for interim and annual periods starting in 2019. A modified
retrospective transition approach is required with certain practical
expedients available. The Company has made significant progress
with its assessment process, and anticipates this standard will
have a material impact on its consolidated balance sheet. While
the Company continues to assess all potential impacts of the
standard, it currently believes the most significant impact relates
to recording lease assets and related liabilities on the balance
sheet for its retail operations in The Americas Group.

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,

“Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities,” which amends the guidance for certain aspects of

49

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

recognition, measurement and disclosure of financial instruments.
The standard is effective for interim and annual periods starting in
2018, and early adoption is not permitted. Although the Company
continues to assess the potential impacts of the standard, it
currently believes that the main impact will be that changes in fair
value of marketable securities currently classified as
available-for-sale will be recognized in earnings rather than in
other comprehensive income. The standard is not expected to
have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations,
financial condition or liquidity.

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue

from Contracts with Customers,” which consists of a
comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede
nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP.
The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. The Company will adopt the standard
using the modified retrospective method. The Company has
completed its determination of the expanded disclosures
regarding revenue, as well as any impacts on the timing of
recognition in some arrangements or contracts for the sale of
goods or services. Management’s assessment identified certain
revenue components within the Consumer Brands Group that are
recorded as Selling, general and administrative expenses of
approximately $60.0 million as of December 31, 2017, which upon
adoption of the new standard would be recorded as a contra
revenue in Net sales on the Statements of Consolidated Income. In
addition, the Company has made enhancements to its information
systems and internal controls in response to the new rule
requirements. The Company is prepared to provide expanded
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements upon adoption
and it is expected that the adoption of this standard will not
materially impact Net income or the Company’s liquidity.
Reclassification. Certain amounts in the notes to the

consolidated financial statements for 2015 and 2016 have been
reclassified to conform to the 2017 presentation.

NOTE 2 – ACQUISITIONS

On June 1, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of The

Valspar Corporation (Valspar) at $113 per share in an all cash
transaction for a total purchase price of $8.9 billion, net of
divestiture proceeds of $431.0 million (Acquisition). On April 11,
2017, the Company and Valspar entered into a definitive agreement
with Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. to divest the assets related to
Valspar’s North American industrial wood coatings business. The
divestiture was also completed on June 1, 2017, and is reported as a
discontinued operation with no pre-tax gain or loss, but includes the
tax expense effect of this separate transaction. Proceeds of
$431.0 million were received for the divested assets sold. The
divestiture resulted in a tax provision of $41.5 million, which

reduced basic and diluted net income per common share by $.44
and $.44, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2017. The
Acquisition expands the Company’s diversified array of brands and
technologies, expands its global platform and adds new capabilities
in its packaging and coil businesses.

The preliminary allocation of the fair value of the Acquisition is

summarized in the following table. Allocations are based on the
acquisition method of accounting and in-process third-party
valuation appraisals. The allocation of the fair value will be
finalized within the allowable measurement period.

(millions of dollars)
Cash ......................................................................
Accounts receivable ..............................................
Inventories.............................................................
Indefinite-lived trademarks ....................................
Finite-lived intangible assets ..................................
Goodwill ................................................................
Property, plant and equipment ...............................
All other assets ......................................................
Accounts payable ..................................................
Long-term debt......................................................
Deferred taxes .......................................................
All other liabilities ..................................................

Total ......................................................................
Total, net of cash ...................................................

$

129.1
817.5
684.5
775.9
5,071.8
5,675.2
833.0
231.1
(553.2)
(1,603.5)
(2,028.9)
(1,093.1)
$ 8,939.4
$ 8,810.3

Finite-lived intangible assets include customer relationships of
$3.3 billion and intellectual property and technology of $1.8 billion,
which are being amortized over weighted average amortization
periods ranging from 15 to 20 years. Based on the preliminary
purchase accounting, goodwill of $2.3 billion, $1.9 billion and
$1.5 billion was recorded in The Americas Group, Performance
Coatings Group and Consumer Brands Group, respectively, and
relates primarily to expected synergies.

The Company’s Net sales and Net income for the year ended

December 31, 2017 include sales of $2.464 billion and a profit
before tax of $115.8 million related to the Acquisition. Net income
for the year ended December 31, 2017 includes $183.1 million of
intangibles amortization expense. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, the Company incurred transaction and
integration related SG&A expense of $126.8 million and interest
expense of $179.3 million related to the Acquisition.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company

incurred transaction and integration related SG&A expense of
$58.4 million and interest expense of $72.8 million related to the
anticipated acquisition of Valspar.

The following pro forma information presents consolidated

financial information as if Valspar had been acquired at the

50

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 4 – GOODWILL, INTANGIBLE AND LONG-LIVED
ASSETS

In accordance with the Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of

the ASC, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable
or the useful life may have changed, impairment tests are to be
performed. Undiscounted cash flows are to be used to calculate
the recoverable value of long-lived assets to determine if such
assets are impaired. Where impairment is identified, a discounted
cash flow valuation model, incorporating discount rates
commensurate with the risks involved for each group of assets, is
to be used to determine the fair value for the assets to measure
any potential impairment. No material impairments were recorded
in 2016, 2015 and 2014.

During 2017, the Company recorded preliminary goodwill of
$5,675,244, finite-lived intangibles of $5,071,800 and indefinite-
lived trademarks of $775,900 in connection with the Acquisition.
See Note 2.

In accordance with the Goodwill and Other Intangibles Topic of
the ASC, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested
for impairment annually, and interim impairment tests are
performed whenever an event occurs or circumstances change
that indicate an impairment has more likely than not occurred.
October 1 has been established for the annual impairment review.
At the time of impairment testing, values are estimated separately
for goodwill and trademarks with indefinite lives using a
discounted cash flow valuation model, incorporating discount
rates commensurate with the risks involved for each group of
assets. An optional qualitative assessment may alleviate the need
to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test when
impairment is unlikely.

The annual impairment review performed as of October 1, 2017

resulted in trademark impairment of $2,022 in The Americas
Group related to lower than anticipated sales of an acquired brand
and no goodwill impairment. The annual impairment review
performed as of October 1, 2016 resulted in goodwill and
trademark impairment in The Americas Group of $10,455 and
$233, respectively. The annual impairment review performed as of
October 1, 2015 did not result in any goodwill or trademark
impairment.

beginning of 2016. Pro forma adjustments have been made to
exclude Valspar’s North American industrial wood coatings
business results and certain transaction and integration costs from
all periods presented. Interest expense has been adjusted as
though total debt related to the Acquisition had been outstanding
at January 1, 2016. Amortization of acquired intangibles and fixed
asset step-ups has been adjusted as though the amortization
period started January 1, 2016. The $54.9 million amortization of
inventory cost increases resulting from the preliminary purchase
accounting has been included in 2016 to reflect the pro forma
transaction date of January 1, 2016, and thus this amount has been
excluded for the year ended December 31, 2017. The unaudited
pro forma consolidated financial information does not necessarily
reflect the actual results that would have occurred had the
Acquisition taken place on January 1, 2016, nor is it meant to be
indicative of future results of operations of the combined
companies under the ownership and operation of the Company.

2017

2016

Net sales .......................................... $16,634,913 $15,861,367
Net income from continuing

operations ....................................
Net income per common share from

continuing operations
Basic ............................................. $
Diluted.......................................... $

1,854,613

1,008,138

19.96 $
19.54 $

10.98
10.67

NOTE 3 – INVENTORIES

Inventories were principally stated at the lower of cost or

market with cost determined on the last-in, first-out (LIFO)
method. The following presents the effect on inventories, net
income and net income per common share had the Company used
the first-in, first-out (FIFO) inventory valuation method adjusted
for income taxes at the statutory rate in effect at each reporting
date and assuming no other adjustments. Management believes
that the use of LIFO results in a better matching of costs and
revenues. This information is presented to enable the reader to
make comparisons with companies using the FIFO method of
inventory valuation. The decrease in percentage of total
inventories on LIFO in 2017 was due to the Acquisition which only
carried approximately 40 percent of its inventory on the LIFO
method.

2017

2016

2015

Percentage of total

inventories on LIFO ..........

66%

79%

78%

Excess of FIFO over LIFO ..... $286,961
(Decrease) increase in net

$253,353 $251,060

income due to LIFO..........

(20,669)

(1,421)

49,658

(Decrease) increase in net

income per common
share due to LIFO.............

(.22)

(.02)

.53

51

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

A summary of changes in the Company’s carrying value of goodwill by Reportable Segment is as follows:

Goodwill

Balance at January 1, 2015(1) ..............................................................
Currency and other adjustments ...................................................

Balance at December 31, 2015(1)........................................................
Impairment charged to operations ................................................
Currency and other adjustments ...................................................

Balance at December 31, 2016(2) .......................................................
Acquisition ...................................................................................
Currency and other adjustments ...................................................

Balance at December 31, 2017(2) .......................................................

The Americas

Group

$ 295,129
(77)
295,052
(10,455)
813
285,410
2,276,127
(5,928)
$2,555,609

Consumer

Brands
Group

$ 702,206
(1,135)
701,071

(1,197)
699,874
1,473,239
60,128
$2,233,241

Performance

Coatings
Group

$

161,011
(13,801)
147,210

(5,602)
141,608
1,925,878
(41,991)
$2,025,495

Consolidated

Totals

$ 1,158,346
(15,013)
1,143,333
(10,455)
(5,986)
1,126,892
5,675,244
12,209
$ 6,814,345

(1) Net of accumulated impairment losses of $8,904 ($8,113 in the Consumer Brands Group and $791 in the Performance Coatings Group).
(2) Net of accumulated impairment losses of $19,359 ($8,113 in the Consumer Brands Group, $791 in the Performance Coatings Group and $10,455 in The Americas Group).

A summary of the Company’s carrying value of intangible assets is as follows:

Finite-Lived Intangible Assets

Software

Customer

Relationships

Intellectual
Property

All Other

Subtotal

Trademarks

With

Indefinite

Lives

Total

Intangible

Assets

December 31, 2017

Weighted-average amortization

period............................................
Gross ................................................
Accumulated amortization ................

Net value .......................................

December 31, 2016

7 years
$ 165,019
(116,621)
$ 48,398

15 years
$3,361,675
(129,568)
$3,232,107

Weighted-average amortization

period............................................
Gross ................................................
Accumulated amortization ................

Net value .......................................

7 years
$ 144,557
(103,735)
$ 40,822

December 31, 2015

Weighted-average amortization

period............................................
Gross ................................................
Accumulated amortization ................

Net value .......................................

8 years
$ 123,863
(95,008)
$ 28,855

13 years

20 years

17 years
$1,774,000 $ 329,440 $ 5,630,134
(555,437)
71,934 $5,074,697

$ 1,722,258 $

(257,506)

(51,742)

11 years

10 years
$ 313,613 $ 458,170
(343,952)
114,218

$ 73,396 $

(240,217)

12 years

11 years
$ 312,119 $ 435,982
(323,929)
112,053

$ 83,198 $

(228,921)

$927,664

$6,002,361

$ 140,792

$ 255,010

$ 143,318

$ 255,371

Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets based on the
in-process third-party valuation appraisals is as follows for the
next five years: $330,029 in 2018, $330,045 in 2019, $326,992 in
2020, $325,215 in 2021 and $322,245 in 2022.

NOTE 5 – EXIT OR DISPOSAL ACTIVITIES

Management is continually re-evaluating the Company’s

operating facilities, including acquired operating facilities, against
its long-term strategic goals. Liabilities associated with exit or
disposal activities are recognized as incurred in accordance with

the Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations Topic of the ASC. Provisions
for qualified exit costs are made at the time a facility is no longer
operational. Qualified exit costs primarily include post-closure rent
expenses or costs to terminate the contract before the end of its
term and costs of employee terminations. Adjustments may be
made to liabilities accrued for qualified exit costs if information
becomes available upon which more accurate amounts can be
reasonably estimated. Concurrently, property, plant and
equipment is tested for impairment in accordance with the
Property, Plant and Equipment Topic of the ASC, and if impairment

52

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

exists, the carrying value of the related assets is reduced to
estimated fair value. Additional impairment may be recorded for
subsequent revisions in estimated fair value. Adjustments to prior
provisions and additional impairment charges for property, plant
and equipment of closed sites being held for disposal are recorded
in Other general expense – net.

Provisions for severance and other qualified exit costs of $1,020
and $505 were charged to the Consumer Brands Group and
Performance Coatings Group, respectively. Provisions for
severance and other qualified exit costs related to manufacturing
facilities, distribution facilities, stores and branches closed prior to
2016 of $1,513 were recorded.

During 2017, 13 stores in The Americas Group and 2 branches

During 2015, 32 stores in The Americas Group and 7 branches

in the Performance Coatings Group were closed due to lower
demand or redundancy. Accruals for exit and disposal activities of
$4,456 were acquired in connection with the Acquisition. The
Company is currently evaluating all legacy operations in response
to the Acquisition in order to optimize operations. These
Acquisition-related restructuring charges are recorded in the
Administrative segment as presented in the table below.
Provisions of $47,308 and $143 for severance and other qualified
exit costs related to the Acquisition and other 2017 activity were
charged to the Administrative Segment and Performance Coatings
Group, respectively. Provisions for severance and other qualified
exit costs related to manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities,
stores and branches closed prior to 2017 of $3,052 were recorded.

During 2016, 16 stores in The Americas Group, 13 branches in

the Performance Coatings Group and 2 facilities in Consumer
Brands Group were closed due to lower demand or redundancy.

in the Performance Coatings Group were closed due to lower
demand or redundancy. In addition, the Performance Coatings
Group exited a business in Europe. Provisions for severance and
other qualified exit cost of $168 and $8,329 were charged to The
Americas Group and Performance Coatings Group, respectively.
Provisions for severance and other qualified exit costs related to
manufacturing facilities, distribution facilities, stores and branches
closed prior to 2015 of $1,264 were recorded.

At December 31, 2017, a portion of the remaining accrual for
qualified exit costs relating to facilities shutdown prior to 2015 is
expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. The remaining portion
of the ending accrual for facilities shutdown prior to 2015 primarily
represented post-closure contractual expenses related to certain
owned facilities which are closed and being held for disposal. The
Company cannot reasonably estimate when such matters will be
concluded to permit disposition.

The following tables summarize the activity and remaining liabilities associated with qualified exit costs:

Severance and related costs .........................................

$ 907

2,910

(3,796)

(Thousands of dollars)
Exit Plan

Administrative segment Acquisition-related

restructuring in 2017:
Severance and related costs .........................................
Other qualified exit costs .............................................

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2017:

Severance and related costs .........................................
Other qualified exit costs .............................................

Consumer Brands Group facilities shutdown in 2016:

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2016:

Severance and related costs .........................................
Other qualified exit costs .............................................

The Americas Group stores shutdown in 2015:

Other qualified exit costs .............................................

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2015:
Other qualified exit costs .................................................
Severance and other qualified exit costs for facilities

shutdown prior to 2015 ................................................

Totals ..........................................................................

136
269

195

433

1,908
$3,848

Balance at

December 31,

2016

Acquired
Balances

Provisions in
Cost of goods
sold or SG&A

Actual

expenditures
charged to

accrual

Balance at

December 31,

2017

$3,303
1,153

$38,739
8,569

$(36,023)
(4,181)

$ 6,019
5,541

14
129

(8)

97

20

25

(136)
(255)

(215)

(446)

14
121

21

111

12

$4,456

$50,503

(362)
$(45,422)

1,546
$13,385

53

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(Thousands of dollars)
Exit Plan

Consumer Brands Group facilities shutdown in 2016:

Severance and related costs......................................................

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2016:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

The Americas Group stores shutdown in 2015:

Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

$

12

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2015:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

The Americas Group stores shutdown in 2014:

Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Consumer Brands Group facilities shutdown in 2014:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Performance Coatings Group exit of business in 2014:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Severance and other qualified exit costs for facilities shutdown

prior to 2014 .............................................................................

Totals .......................................................................................

1,096
2,750

184

445
52

430
353

1,755
$7,077

(Thousands of dollars)
Exit Plan

The Americas Group stores shutdown in 2015:

Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2015:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

The Americas Group stores shutdown in 2014:

Balance at

December 31,

2014

Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

$ 280

Consumer Brands Group facilities shutdown in 2014:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Performance Coatings Group exit of business in 2014:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

The Americas Group facility shutdown in 2013:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Performance Coatings Group stores shutdown in 2013:

Severance and related costs......................................................
Other qualified exit costs ..........................................................

Severance and other qualified exit costs for facilities shutdown

prior to 2013 .............................................................................

Totals .......................................................................................

2,732
781

104
1,080

654
1,205

28
138

1,514
$ 8,516

54

Balance at

December 31,

2015

Provisions in
Cost of goods
sold or SG&A

Actual

expenditures
charged to

accrual

Balance at

December 31,

2016

$1,020

$

(113)

$ 907

136
369

481

499

430

103
$3,038

Provisions in
Cost of goods
sold or SG&A

(100)

(298)

(1,096)
(2,816)

(81)

(46)
(39)

(430)
(600)

136
269

195

433

103

399
13

183

(648)
$(6,267)

1,210
$3,848

Actual

expenditures
charged to

accrual

Balance at

December 31,

2015

$ 168

$

(156)

$

12

1,341
6,988

142

466
6

326
324

1,096
2,750

184

445
52

430
353

794

(245)
(4,238)

(238)

(2,753)
(735)

(1,051)

(654)
(411)

(28)
(138)

$ 9,761

(553)
$(11,200)

961
$7,077

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 6 – PENSION, HEALTH CARE AND
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS
The Company provides pension benefits to substantially all

employees through primarily noncontributory defined contribution
or defined benefit plans and certain health care and life insurance
benefits to domestic active employees and eligible retirees. In
accordance with the Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, the
Company recognizes an asset for overfunded defined benefit
pension or other postretirement benefit plans and a liability for
unfunded or underfunded plans. In addition, actuarial gains and
losses and prior service costs of such plans are recorded in
Cumulative other comprehensive loss, a component of
Shareholders’ equity. The amounts recorded in Cumulative other
comprehensive loss will continue to be modified as actuarial
assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will
be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net
pension cost (credit) and net periodic benefit cost.

Health care plans. The Company provides certain domestic
health care plans that are contributory and contain cost-sharing
features such as deductibles and coinsurance. There were 26,565,
22,708 and 21,918 active employees entitled to receive benefits
under these plans at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The cost of these benefits for active employees,
which includes claims incurred and claims incurred but not
reported, amounted to $281,158, $220,589 and $217,781 for 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively.

Defined contribution pension plans. The Company’s annual
contribution for its domestic defined contribution pension plan
was $38,426, $36,731 and $35,435 for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The contribution percentage ranges from two percent
to seven percent of compensation for covered employees based
on an age and service formula. Assets in employee accounts of the
domestic defined contribution pension plan are invested in various
investment funds as directed by the participants. These
investment funds did not own a significant number of shares of the
Company’s common stock for any year presented. In connection
with the Acquisition, the Company acquired two defined
contribution plans.

respectively. Assets in employee accounts of the foreign defined
contribution pension plans are invested in various investment
funds. These investment funds did not own a significant number of
shares of the Company’s common stock for any year presented.

Defined benefit pension plans. Prior to December 31, 2017, the

Company had one salaried and one hourly domestic defined
benefit pension plan. In connection with the Acquisition, the
Company acquired Valspar’s domestic defined benefit pension
plan. Effective December 31, 2017, the three domestic defined
benefit pension plans were merged into one plan. The Company
also has thirty-one foreign defined benefit pension plans, twelve of
which were acquired through the Acquisition.

At December 31, 2017, the domestic defined benefit pension

plan was overfunded, with a projected benefit obligation of
$916,175, fair value of plan assets of $1,188,638 and excess plan
assets of $272,463. The plan is funded in accordance with all
applicable regulations at December 31, 2017 and no funding will be
required in 2018. At December 31, 2016, the domestic salaried and
hourly defined benefit pension plans were overfunded, with a
projected benefit obligation of $632,797, fair value of plan assets
of $847,013 and excess plan assets of $214,216. At December 31,
2015, the domestic salaried and hourly defined benefit pension
plan were overfunded, with a projected benefit obligation of
$624,791, fair value of plan assets of $858,605 and excess plan
assets of $233,814.

At December 31, 2017, twenty-six of the Company’s foreign

defined benefit pension plans were unfunded or underfunded, with
combined accumulated benefit obligations, projected benefit
obligations, fair values of net assets and deficiencies of plan assets
of $190,241, $230,479, $136,674 and $93,805, respectively. The
$142,725 increase in the combined projected benefit obligations of
all foreign defined benefit pension plans from 2016 was primarily
due to the acquired Valspar plans.

The Company expects to make the following benefit payments
for all domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans: $75,782
in 2018; $72,174 in 2019; $74,673 in 2020; $75,322 in 2021;
$75,864 in 2022; and $375,592 in 2022 through 2026. The
Company expects to contribute $6,131 to the foreign plans in 2018.

The Company’s annual contributions for its foreign defined

The estimated net actuarial losses and prior service costs for

contribution pension plans, which are based on various
percentages of compensation for covered employees up to certain
limits, were $10,480, $6,676 and $5,888 for 2017, 2016 and 2015,

the defined benefit pension plans that are expected to be
amortized from Cumulative other comprehensive loss into the net
pension costs in 2018 are $1,532 and $1,458, respectively.

55

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

The following table summarizes the components of the net pension costs and Cumulative other comprehensive loss related to the

defined benefit pension plans:

Domestic

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

2017

2016

2015

Foreign

Defined Benefit Pension Plans
2017
2015

2016

Net pension costs (credits):

Service costs ...........................................................
Interest costs ..........................................................
Expected returns on plan assets ..............................
Amortization of prior service costs..........................
Amortization of actuarial losses ..............................

Ongoing pension costs (credits)..........................
Settlement costs (credits).......................................

Net pension costs (credits) .................................

Other changes in plan assets and projected benefit

obligation recognized in Cumulative other
comprehensive loss (before taxes):
Net actuarial (gains) losses arising

during the year ....................................................
Prior service costs arising during the year................
Amortization of actuarial losses ..............................
Amortization of prior service costs..........................
Exchange rate loss recognized during year ..............

Total recognized in Cumulative other

$

21,711
31,085
(48,275)
1,362
6,210
12,093
(1,990)
10,103

$ 22,291
26,498
(50,197)
1,205
4,532
4,329

$ 21,120
24,535
(52,095)
1,310
1,962
(3,168)

4,329

(3,168)

$ 7,039
8,177
(9,070)

$ 4,225
7,441
(6,915)

$ 5,071
8,719
(9,296)

1,833
7,979
71
8,050

1,540
6,291
4,231
10,522

1,910
6,404
3,255
9,659

(65,829)
844
(4,220)
(1,362)

18,926
2,081
(4,532)
(1,205)

15,359

(13,960)

17,030

1,907

(1,962)
(1,310)

(1,904)

(1,540)

(1,910)

4,133

(11,627)

(5,830)

comprehensive loss .........................................

(70,567)

15,270

12,087

(11,731)

3,863

(5,833)

Total recognized in net pension costs (credits)

and Cumulative other comprehensive loss.......

$(60,464)

$ 19,599

$ 8,919

$ (3,681)

$ 14,385

$ 3,826

The Company employs a total return investment approach for

the domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plan assets. A
mix of equities and fixed income investments are used to
maximize the long-term return of assets for a prudent level of risk.
In determining the expected long-term rate of return on defined
benefit pension plan assets, management considers the historical

rates of return, the nature of investments and an expectation of
future investment strategies. The target allocations for plan assets
are 35 – 65 percent equity securities and 35 – 55 percent fixed
income securities.

56

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

The following tables summarize the fair value of the defined benefit pension plan assets at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The

presentation is in accordance with the Retirement Benefits Topic of the ASC, as updated by ASU No. 2015-07 (see Note 1).

Investments at fair value:

Equity investments(1) .....................................................
Fixed income investments(2) ..........................................
Other assets(3)...............................................................

Total investments in fair value hierarchy ...........................
Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent(4) ............

Total investments .............................................................

Investments at fair value:

Equity investments(1) .....................................................
Fixed income investments(2) ..........................................
Other assets(3)...............................................................

Total investments in fair value hierarchy ...........................
Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent(4) ............

Total investments .............................................................

Investments at fair value:

Equity investments(1) .....................................................
Fixed income investments(2) ..........................................
Other assets(3)...............................................................

Total investments in fair value hierarchy ...........................
Investments measured at NAV or its equivalent(4) ............

Total investments .............................................................

Fair value at
December 31,

2017

$ 514,983
380,902
39,196
935,081
533,561
$1,468,642

Fair value at
December 31,

2016

$ 393,045
294,103
14,643
701,791
310,230
$1,012,021

Fair value at
December 31,

2015

$ 435,690
290,470
16,361
742,521
278,423
$1,020,944

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

Significant

Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets

for Identical

Assets
(Level 1)

Significant Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

$ 409,911
146,816

$556,727

$ 105,072
234,086
39,196
$ 378,354

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets

for Identical

Assets
(Level 1)

Significant Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

$ 321,152
144,668

$465,820

$ 71,893
149,435
14,643
$ 235,971

Quoted Prices in
Active Markets

for Identical

Assets
(Level 1)

Significant Other

Observable

Inputs
(Level 2)

$372,033
141,448

$ 513,481

$ 63,657
149,022
16,361
$229,040

This category includes actively managed equity assets that track primarily to the S&P 500.

(1)
(2) This category includes government and corporate bonds that track primarily to the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index.
(3) This category includes real estate and pooled investment funds.
(4) This category includes pooled investment funds and private equity funds that are measured at NAV or its equivalent using the practical expedient. Therefore, these

investments are not classified in the fair value hierarchy.

Included as equity investments in the domestic defined benefit
pension plan assets at December 31, 2017 were 300,000 shares of
the Company’s common stock with a market value of $123,012,

representing 10.3 percent of total domestic plan assets. Dividends
received on the Company’s common stock during 2017 totaled
$1,020.

57

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

The following table summarizes the obligations, plan assets and assumptions used for the defined benefit pension plans, which are all

measured as of December 31:

Domestic

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

2017

2016

2015

Foreign

Defined Benefit Pension Plans
2017
2015

2016

Accumulated benefit obligations at end of year ..........

$ 913,363

$ 630,159

$ 621,873

$ 308,164

$ 172,047

$ 172,426

Projected benefit obligations:

Balances at beginning of year..................................
Service costs ..........................................................
Interest costs..........................................................
Actuarial losses (gains) ..........................................
Acquisition .............................................................
Contributions and other ..........................................
Settlements ............................................................
Effect of foreign exchange.......................................
Benefits paid...........................................................

Balances at end of year ...........................................

Plan assets:

Balances at beginning of year..................................
Actual returns on plan assets..................................
Acquisition .............................................................
Contributions and other ..........................................
Settlements ............................................................
Effect of foreign exchange.......................................
Benefits paid...........................................................

Balances at end of year ...........................................

Excess (deficient) plan assets over projected

$ 632,797
21,711
31,085
67,945
246,894
844
(43,381)

$ 624,791
22,291
26,498
8,132

$ 653,338
21,120
24,535
(40,602)

2,081

(41,720)
916,175

(50,996)
632,797

(33,600)
624,791

858,605
39,404

896,071
(3,866)

847,013
182,049
244,677

(43,381)

(41,720)
1,188,638

(50,996)
847,013

(33,600)
858,605

$ 206,873
7,039
8,177
(4,002)
115,045
1,397
(758)
22,938
(7,112)
349,597

165,008
16,282
82,314
6,048
(758)
18,222
(7,112)
280,004

$ 201,854 $234,524
5,071
8,719
(3,045)

4,225
7,441
43,736

947
(14,862)
(30,360)
(6,108)
206,873

1,072
(18,707)
(17,211)
(8,569)
201,854

162,339
33,569

187,645
4,844

15,019
(14,862)
(24,949)
(6,108)
165,008

11,424
(18,707)
(14,298)
(8,569)
162,339

benefit obligations ..................................................

$ 272,463

$ 214,216

$ 233,814

$ (69,593)

$ (41,865) $ (39,515)

$ 272,463

$ 214,216

$ 233,814

$ 272,463

$ 214,216

$ 233,814

$ 24,280
(2,523)
(91,350)
$ (69,593)

$

11,313
(1,522)
(51,656)

$ 11,068
(1,442)
(49,141)
$ (41,865) $ (39,515)

$ (64,799)
(5,496)

$(134,847) $(120,454)
(5,138)

(6,015)

$ (33,873)

$(45,604) $ (41,741)

$ (70,295)

$(140,862) $ (125,592)

$ (33,873)

$(45,604) $ (41,741)

3.60%
3.33%

4.20%
3.38%

4.40%
3.14%

2.73%
3.69%

3.21%
4.43%

4.20%
4.00%

4.15%
5.00%
3.30%

4.40%
6.00%
3.14%

3.95%
6.00%
4.00%

3.88%
4.75%
4.33%

4.20%
4.70%
4.00%

3.92%
4.84%
3.70%

Assets and liabilities recognized in the

Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Deferred pension assets .........................................
Other accruals ........................................................
Other long-term liabilities .......................................

Amounts recognized in Cumulative other

comprehensive loss:
Net actuarial losses ................................................
Prior service costs...................................................

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine

projected benefit obligations:
Discount rate ..........................................................
Rate of compensation increase ...............................

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine

net pension costs:
Discount rate ..........................................................
Expected long-term rate of return on assets............
Rate of compensation increase ...............................

58

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions. Employees of

the Company hired in the United States prior to January 1, 1993
who are not members of a collective bargaining unit, and certain
groups of employees added through acquisitions, are eligible for

health care and life insurance benefits upon retirement, subject to
the terms of the unfunded plans. There were 3,486, 4,524 and
4,442 retired employees entitled to receive such postretirement
benefits at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The following table summarizes the obligation and the assumptions used for postretirement benefits other than pensions:

Benefit obligation:

Balance at beginning of year – unfunded ..................................................................
Service cost .............................................................................................................
Interest cost ............................................................................................................
Acquisition ..............................................................................................................
Actuarial loss (gain).................................................................................................
Plan amendments ....................................................................................................
Benefits paid ............................................................................................................

Balance at end of year – unfunded ............................................................................

Liabilities recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:

Postretirement benefits other than pensions ............................................................
Other accruals .........................................................................................................

Amounts recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss:

Net actuarial losses..................................................................................................
Prior service credits .................................................................................................

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligation:

Discount rate ...........................................................................................................
Health care cost trend rate – pre-65.........................................................................
Health care cost trend rate – post-65 .......................................................................
Prescription drug cost increases...............................................................................
Employer Group Waiver Plan (EGWP) trend rate .....................................................

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:

Discount rate ...........................................................................................................
Health care cost trend rate – pre-65.........................................................................
Health care cost trend rate – post-65 .......................................................................
Prescription drug cost increases...............................................................................

Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions

2017

2016

2015

$ 265,137
2,105
10,749
17,010
11,637

$ 263,383
2,244
11,009

7,548

(15,815)
$ 290,823

(19,047)
$ 265,137

$(274,675)
(16,148)
$(290,823)

$ (44,147)
12,625
$ (31,522)

$(250,397)
(14,740)
$ (265,137)

$ (23,211)
19,205
$ (4,006)

3.61%
7.00%
5.00%
11.00%
11.00%

4.10%
6.00%
5.50%
10.50%

4.10%
6.00%
5.50%
10.50%
10.60%

4.30%
6.00%
5.00%
11.50%

$ 295,149
2,485
11,182

(19,370)
(9,269)
(16,794)
$ 263,383

$(248,523)
(14,860)
$(263,383)

$ (15,664)
25,784
10,120

$

4.30%
6.00%
5.00%
11.50%
11.50%

3.90%
7.00%
6.50%
6.50%

59

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

The following table summarizes the components of the net periodic benefit cost and Cumulative other comprehensive loss related to

postretirement benefits other than pensions:

Net periodic benefit cost:

Service cost ...............................................................................................................
Interest cost ..............................................................................................................
Amortization of actuarial losses.................................................................................
Amortization of prior service credit............................................................................

Ongoing pension costs (credits) ............................................................................
Settlement (credits) costs .........................................................................................

Net pension (credits) costs ....................................................................................

Other changes in projected benefit obligation recognized in Cumulative other

comprehensive loss (before taxes):
Net actuarial loss (gain) arising during the year .........................................................
Prior service credit arising during the year..................................................................
Amortization of actuarial losses.................................................................................
Settlement costs........................................................................................................
Amortization of prior service credit............................................................................

Total recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss .....................................

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and Cumulative other

Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions

2017

2016

2015

$ 2,105
10,749
32
(6,579)
6,307
(9,332)
(3,025)

11,637

(32)
9,332
6,579
27,516

$ 2,244
11,009

(6,578)
6,675

$ 2,485
11,182
1,011
(4,529)
10,149

6,675

10,149

7,548

6,578
14,126

(19,370)
(9,269)
(1,011)

4,529
(25,121)

comprehensive loss............................................................................................

$24,491

$20,801

$(14,972)

The Company expects to make retiree health care benefit cash

payments as follows:

2018 ...............................................................
2019 ...............................................................
2020 ..............................................................
2021 ...............................................................
2022 ...............................................................
2023 through 2027.........................................

Total expected benefit cash payments ............

Expected Cash

Payments
$ 17,192
18,139
19,058
19,541
19,816
98,270
$192,016

The estimated net actuarial losses and prior service (credits)
for postretirement benefits other than pensions that are expected
to be amortized from Cumulative other comprehensive loss into
net periodic benefit cost in 2018 are $2,326 and $(6,569),
respectively.

The assumed health care cost trend rate and prescription drug
cost increases used to determine the net periodic benefit cost for
postretirement health care benefits for 2018 both decrease in each
successive year until reaching 4.5 percent in 2026. The assumed
health care and prescription drug cost trend rates have a
significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement
health care benefit obligation. A one-percentage-point change in
assumed health care and prescription drug cost trend rates would
have had the following effects at December 31, 2017:

Effect on total of service and

interest cost components ............
Effect on the postretirement benefit
obligation ....................................

One-Percentage Point
Increase
(Decrease)

$ 104

$ (124)

$2,655

$(2,794)

60

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 7 – DEBT

Long-term debt

2.25% Senior Notes(1) ..............................................................
3.45% Senior Notes(1) ..............................................................
2.75% Senior Notes(1) ..............................................................
4.50% Senior Notes(1) .............................................................
Term Loan ...............................................................................
3.125% Senior Notes(1).............................................................
4.20% Senior Notes(2) .............................................................
3.45% Senior Notes.................................................................
4.55% Senior Notes.................................................................
3.95% Senior Notes(2) .............................................................
7.25% Senior Notes(2)..............................................................
4.00% Senior Notes ................................................................
Floating Rate Loan ...................................................................
3.30% Senior Notes(2) .............................................................
4.40% Senior Notes(2) .............................................................
7.375% Debentures.................................................................
0.92% Fixed Rate Loan ............................................................
7.45% Debentures ..................................................................
2.00% to 8.0% Promissory Notes ...........................................
1.35% Senior Notes .................................................................

Due Date

2020
2027
2022
2047
2022
2024
2022
2025
2045
2026
2019
2042
2021
2025
2045
2027
2021
2097

Through 2027

2017

2017

$ 1,493,106
1,483,244
1,240,758
1,228,647
847,337
495,602
422,370
397,260
393,859
362,381
319,394
296,094
269,247
249,207
238,334
118,982
23,933
3,500
2,490

2016

2015

$396,898
393,637

$ 396,536
393,414

295,938

295,781

118,936

118,889

3,500
2,417

3,500
1,628
697,530
$1,907,278

$9,885,745

$1,211,326

(1)

(2)

Senior notes issued in 2017 to fund the Acquisition
Senior notes acquired in 2017 through the Acquisition

Maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the next five

years: $1,179 in 2018; $297,740 in 2019; $1,625,067 in 2020,
$869,161 in 2021 and $1,800,273 in 2022. Interest expense on
long-term debt was $257,350, $75,509 and $54,634 for 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively.

Among other restrictions, the Company’s notes, debentures

and revolving credit agreement contain certain covenants relating
to liens, ratings changes, merger and sale of assets, consolidated
leverage and change of control, as defined in the agreements. In
the event of default under any one of these arrangements,
acceleration of the maturity of any one or more of these
borrowings may result. The Company was in compliance with all
covenants for all years presented.

On May 16, 2017, the Company issued $6.0 billion of senior
notes (collectively the “New Notes”) in a public offering. The net
proceeds from the issuance of the New Notes were used to fund
the Acquisition. See Note 2. The interest rate locks entered into in
2016 settled in March 2017 resulting in a pretax gain of
$87.6 million recognized in Cumulative other comprehensive loss.
This gain is being amortized from Cumulative other
comprehensive loss to a reduction of interest expense over the
terms of the New Notes. For the year ended December 31, 2017,
the amortization of the unrealized gain reduced interest expense
by $5.2 million.

On June 2, 2017 the Company closed its previously announced
exchange offers and consent solicitations (Exchange Offer) for the
outstanding senior notes of Valspar. Pursuant to the Exchange
Offer, the Company issued an aggregate principal amount of
approximately $1.478 billion (Exchange Notes). The Exchange
Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company. The
Company did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of
the Exchange Notes.

In August 2017, the Company entered into a floating rate loan

of €225.0 million and a fixed rate loan of €20.0 million. The
floating rate loan agreement bears interest at the six-month Euro
Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin. The fixed rate loan bears
interest at 0.92%. The proceeds are being used for general
corporate purposes. The loans mature on August 23, 2021.

In April 2016, the Company entered into agreements for a

$7.3 billion Bridge Loan and a $2.0 billion Term Loan as committed
financing for the Acquisition. On June 1, 2017, the Company
terminated the agreement for the Bridge Loan and borrowed the
full $2.0 billion on the Term Loan. The Term Loan is pre-payable
without penalty and carries a 5-year maturity with a variable
interest rate of London Interbank Offered Rate plus an additional
1.25%. As of December 31, 2017, the term loan had an outstanding
principal balance of $850.0 million at an approximate interest rate
of 2.62%.

61

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

On July 28, 2015, the Company issued $400,000 of 3.45%

Senior Notes due 2025 and $400,000 of 4.55% Senior Notes due
2045. The notes are covered under a shelf registration filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 28, 2015.
The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including
repayment of a portion of the Company’s outstanding short-term
borrowings.

Short-term borrowings. In September 2017, the Company

entered into a five-year letter of credit agreement, subsequently
amended, with an aggregate availability of $500.0 million. On
May 6, 2016, the Company entered into a five-year credit
agreement, subsequently amended on multiple dates. The credit
agreement gives the Company the right to borrow and to obtain
the issuance, renewal, extension and increase of a letter of credit
up to an aggregate availability of $500.0 million. The credit
agreements are being used for general corporate purposes. At
December 31, 2017, there was $350.0 million borrowings
outstanding under these credit agreements. There were no
borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015.

On July 16, 2015, the Company and three of its wholly owned

subsidiaries, Sherwin-Williams Canada, Inc. (SW Canada),
Sherwin-Williams Luxembourg S.à r.l. (SW Lux) and Sherwin-
Williams UK Holding Limited, entered into a multi-currency five-
year $1.350 billion credit agreement (multi-currency credit
agreement). The multi-currency credit agreement is being used for
general corporate purposes, including the financing of working
capital requirements. The multi-currency credit agreement allows
the Company to extend the maturity of the facility with two
one-year extension options and to increase the aggregate amount
of the facility to $1.850 billion, both of which are subject to the
discretion of each lender. The multi-currency credit agreement
replaced the previous credit agreements for the Company, SW
Canada and SW Lux in the amounts of $1.050 billion, CAD
150,000 and €95,000 (Euro), respectively. At December 31, 2017,
there were no short-term borrowings under the multi-currency
credit agreement. Borrowings outstanding under various other
foreign programs were $8,967 at December 31, 2017 with a
weighted average interest rate of 3.2%.

There were $274.8 million borrowings outstanding under the
Company’s domestic commercial paper program at December 31,
2017. There were no borrowings outstanding at December 31,
2016 and 2015.

NOTE 8 – OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

The operations of the Company, like those of other companies

in our industry, are subject to various domestic and foreign
environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
not only govern current operations and products, but also impose
potential liability on the Company for past operations.

Management expects environmental laws and regulations to
impose increasingly stringent requirements upon the Company
and the industry in the future. Management believes that the
Company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable
environmental laws and regulations and has implemented various
programs designed to protect the environment and promote
continued compliance.

The Company is involved with environmental investigation and
remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned
sites (including sites which were previously owned and/or
operated by businesses acquired by the Company). In addition, the
Company, together with other parties, has been designated a
potentially responsible party under federal and state
environmental protection laws for the investigation and
remediation of environmental contamination and hazardous waste
at a number of third-party sites, primarily Superfund sites. In
general, these laws provide that potentially responsible parties
may be held jointly and severally liable for investigation and
remediation costs regardless of fault. The Company may be
similarly designated with respect to additional third-party sites in
the future.

The Company initially provides for estimated costs of

environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and
third-party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have
been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated
based on industry standards and professional judgment. These
estimated costs are determined based on currently available facts
regarding each site. If the best estimate of costs can only be
identified as a range and no specific amount within that range can
be determined more likely than any other amount within the range,
the minimum of the range is provided. The Company continuously
assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-
related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as
information becomes available upon which more accurate costs
can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting
guidelines are issued. Included in Other long-term liabilities at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were accruals for extended
environmental-related activities of $179,593, $163,847 and
$129,856, respectively. Included in Other accruals at December 31,
2017, 2016 and 2015 were accruals for estimated costs of current
investigation and remediation activities of $28,556, $19,969 and
$22,493, respectively.

Actual costs incurred may vary from the accrued estimates

due to the inherent uncertainties involved including, among others,
the number and financial condition of parties involved with respect
to any given site, the volumetric contribution which may be
attributed to the Company relative to that attributed to other
parties, the nature and magnitude of the wastes involved, the
various technologies that can be used for remediation and the

62

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

determination of acceptable remediation with respect to a
particular site. If the Company’s future loss contingency is
ultimately determined to be at the unaccrued maximum of the
estimated range of possible outcomes for every site for which
costs can be reasonably estimated, the Company’s accrual for
environmental-related activities would be $98,751 higher than the
minimum accruals at December 31, 2017.

Four of the Company’s currently and formerly owned

manufacturing sites account for the majority of the accrual for
environmental-related activities and the unaccrued maximum of
the estimated range of possible outcomes at December 31, 2017.
At December 31, 2017, $162,378, or 78.0 percent of the total
accrual, related directly to these four sites. In the aggregate
unaccrued maximum of $98,751 at December 31, 2017, $77,762,
or 87.6 percent, related to the four manufacturing sites. While
environmental investigations and remedial actions are in different
stages at these sites, additional investigations, remedial actions
and monitoring will likely be required at each site. Management
cannot presently estimate the ultimate potential loss
contingencies related to these sites or other less significant sites
until such time as a substantial portion of the investigation at the
sites is completed and remedial action plans are developed. In the
event any future loss contingency significantly exceeds the current
amount accrued, the recording of the ultimate liability may result
in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period
during which the additional costs are accrued. Management does
not believe that any potential liability ultimately attributed to the
Company for its environmental-related matters will have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition,
liquidity, or cash flow due to the extended period of time during
which environmental investigation and remediation takes place.
An estimate of the potential impact on the Company’s operations
cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties.

Management expects these contingent environmental-related

liabilities to be resolved over an extended period of time.
Management is unable to provide a more specific time frame due
to the indefinite amount of time to conduct investigation activities
at any site, the indefinite amount of time to obtain environmental
agency approval, as necessary, with respect to investigation and
remediation activities, and the indefinite amount of time necessary
to conduct remediation activities.

The Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations Topic of
the ASC requires a liability to be recognized for the fair value of a
conditional asset retirement obligation if a settlement date and fair
value can be reasonably estimated. The Company recognizes a
liability for any conditional asset retirement obligation when
sufficient information is available to reasonably estimate a
settlement date to determine the fair value of such a liability. The
Company has identified certain conditional asset retirement

obligations at various current and closed manufacturing,
distribution and store facilities. These obligations relate primarily
to asbestos abatement, hazardous waste Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (RCRA) closures, well abandonment,
transformers and used oil disposals and underground storage tank
closures. Using investigative, remediation and disposal methods
that are currently available to the Company, the estimated costs of
these obligations were accrued and are not significant. The
recording of additional liabilities for future conditional asset
retirement obligations may result in a material impact on net
income for the annual or interim period during which the costs are
accrued. Management does not believe that any potential liability
ultimately attributed to the Company for its conditional asset
retirement obligations will have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition, liquidity, or cash flow due to the
extended period of time over which sufficient information may
become available regarding the closure or modification of any one
or group of the Company’s facilities.

An estimate of the potential impact on the Company’s

operations cannot be made due to the aforementioned
uncertainties.

NOTE 9 – LITIGATION

In the course of its business, the Company is subject to a

variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to,
litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury,
environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and
antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties
regarding the possibility of a loss to the Company. These
uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future
events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability
or the reduction of a liability. In accordance with the Contingencies
Topic of the ASC, the Company accrues for these contingencies by
a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more
future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the
amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event that
the Company’s loss contingency is ultimately determined to be
significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the
additional liability may result in a material impact on the
Company’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for
the annual or interim period during which such additional liability
is accrued. In those cases where no accrual is recorded because it
is not probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of
any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential
liability ultimately determined to be attributable to the Company
may result in a material impact on the Company’s results of
operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim
period during which such liability is accrued. In those cases where
no accrual is recorded or exposure to loss exists in excess of the

63

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

amount accrued, the Contingencies Topic of the ASC requires
disclosure of the contingency when there is a reasonable
possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred.

Lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. The Company’s

past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead
pigments and lead-based paints. The Company, along with other
companies, is and has been a defendant in a number of legal
proceedings, including individual personal injury actions,
purported class actions, and actions brought by various counties,
cities, school districts and other government-related entities,
arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-
based paints. The plaintiffs’ claims have been based upon various
legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of
warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent
misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil
conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer
protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public
nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. The plaintiffs seek
various damages and relief, including personal injury and property
damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-
based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public
education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. The
Company has also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising
from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek
recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to
adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface
preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces
previously painted with lead-based paint. The Company believes
that the litigation brought to date is without merit or subject to
meritorious defenses and is vigorously defending such litigation.
The Company has not settled any material lead pigment or lead-
based paint litigation. The Company expects that additional lead
pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against the
Company in the future asserting similar or different legal theories
and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief.

Notwithstanding the Company’s views on the merits, litigation

is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and the Company
ultimately may not prevail. Adverse court rulings or
determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect the
lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation against the Company
and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future
claims and proceedings. In addition, from time to time, various
legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted,
promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and
former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints
respecting asserted health concerns associated with such
products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which the
Company and other manufacturers have been successful.

Due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to
predict the outcome of the lead pigment and lead-based paint
litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and
proceedings or the effect that any legislation and/or
administrative regulations may have on the litigation or against the
Company. In addition, management cannot reasonably determine
the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to
such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and
regulations. The Company has not accrued any amounts for such
litigation. With respect to such litigation, with the exception of the
public nuisance litigation in California discussed below, the
Company does not believe that it is probable that a loss has
occurred, and it is not possible to estimate the range of potential
losses as there is no prior history of a loss of this nature and there
is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be
based. In addition, any potential liability that may result from any
changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be
estimated. In the event any significant liability is determined to be
attributable to the Company relating to such litigation, the
recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net
income for the annual or interim period during which such liability
is accrued. Additionally, due to the uncertainties associated with
the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other
remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential
liability determined to be attributable to the Company arising out
of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition.
An estimate of the potential impact on the Company’s results of
operations, liquidity or financial condition cannot be made due to
the aforementioned uncertainties.

Publicnuisanceclaimlitigation.The Company and other

companies are or were defendants in legal proceedings seeking
recovery based on public nuisance liability theories, among other
theories, brought by the State of Rhode Island, the City of St. Louis,
Missouri, various cities and counties in the State of New Jersey,
various cities in the State of Ohio and the State of Ohio, the City of
Chicago, Illinois, the City of Milwaukee, Wisconsin and the County
of Santa Clara, California and other public entities in the State of
California. Except for the Santa Clara County, California
proceeding, all of these legal proceedings have been concluded in
favor of the Company and other defendants at various stages in
the proceedings.

The proceedings initiated by the State of Rhode Island included

two jury trials. At the conclusion of the second trial, the jury
returned a verdict finding that (i) the cumulative presence of lead
pigment in paints and coatings on buildings in the State of Rhode
Island constitutes a public nuisance, (ii) the Company, along with
two other defendants, caused or substantially contributed to the
creation of the public nuisance and (iii) the Company and two

64

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

other defendants should be ordered to abate the public nuisance.
The Company and two other defendants appealed and, on July 1,
2008, the Rhode Island Supreme Court, among other
determinations, reversed the judgment of abatement with respect
to the Company and two other defendants. The Rhode Island
Supreme Court’s decision reversed the public nuisance liability
judgment against the Company on the basis that the complaint
failed to state a public nuisance claim as a matter of law.

The Santa Clara County, California proceeding was initiated in

March 2000 in the Superior Court of the State of California,
County of Santa Clara. In the original complaint, the plaintiffs
asserted various claims including fraud and concealment, strict
product liability/failure to warn, strict product liability/design
defect, negligence, negligent breach of a special duty, public
nuisance, private nuisance, and violations of California’s Business
and Professions Code. A number of the asserted claims were
resolved in favor of the defendants through pre-trial proceedings.
The named plaintiffs in the Fourth Amended Complaint, filed on
March 16, 2011, are the Counties of Santa Clara, Alameda, Los
Angeles, Monterey, San Mateo, Solano and Ventura, the Cities of
Oakland and San Diego and the City and County of San Francisco.
The Fourth Amended Complaint asserted a sole claim for public
nuisance, alleging that the presence of lead pigments for use in
paint and coatings in, on and around residences in the plaintiffs’
jurisdictions constitutes a public nuisance. The plaintiffs sought
the abatement of the alleged public nuisance that exists within the
plaintiffs’ jurisdictions. A trial commenced on July 15, 2013 and
ended on August 22, 2013. The court entered final judgment on
January 27, 2014, finding in favor of the plaintiffs and against the
Company and two other defendants (ConAgra Grocery Products
Company and NL Industries, Inc.). The final judgment held the
Company jointly and severally liable with the other two defendants
to pay $1.15 billion into a fund to abate the public nuisance. The
Company strongly disagrees with the judgment.

On February 18, 2014, the Company filed a motion for new trial

and a motion to vacate the judgment. The court denied these
motions on March 24, 2014. On March 28, 2014, the Company
filed a notice of appeal to the Sixth District Court of Appeal for the
State of California. The filing of the notice of appeal effects an
automatic stay of the judgment without the requirement to post a
bond. Oral argument before the Sixth District Court of Appeal was
held on August 24, 2017. On November 14, 2017, the Sixth District
Court of Appeal entered its decision, which affirmed the trial
court’s judgment of liability with respect to residences built before
1951 and reversed and vacated the trial court’s judgment with
respect to residences built after 1950. The Sixth District Court of
Appeal directed the trial court to: (i) recalculate the amount of the
abatement fund to limit the fund to the amount necessary to cover
the cost of inspecting and remediating pre-1951 residences; and

(ii) hold an evidentiary hearing to appoint a suitable receiver. On
November 29, 2017, the Company and the two other defendants
filed separate Petitions for Rehearing, which the Sixth District
Court of Appeal denied on December 6, 2017. The Sixth District
Court of Appeal’s decision became final on December 14, 2017. On
December 22, 2017, the Company and the two other defendants
submitted separate Petitions for Review to the California Supreme
Court. On February 14, 2018, the California Supreme Court issued
an order denying the Petitions for Review. The Company believes
that the judgment conflicts with established principles of law and
is unsupported by the evidence. The Company intends to file a
Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the Supreme Court of the
United States seeking discretionary review. The Company also
intends to file a motion to stay the Santa Clara County, California
proceeding while the Petition for Writ of Certiorari is pending.

Although the Company believes it is probable that a loss has

occurred, the Company has concluded that it is not possible to
reasonably estimate the range of potential loss due to the
numerous possible outcomes and uncertainties, including, but not
limited to, (i) the final amount of the abatement fund necessary to
cover the cost of inspecting and remediating pre-1951 residences,
as recalculated by the trial court, and (ii) the portion of the
abatement fund for which the Company, the two other defendants
and others are determined to be responsible. If the Company
concludes that it is possible to reasonably estimate the range of
potential loss once more definitive information becomes available,
the Company will recognize the loss and disclose such
information. Because of joint and several liability, it is possible the
Company could ultimately be liable for the total amount of the
abatement fund. In the event any significant liability is determined
to be attributable to the Company relating to such litigation, the
recording of any liability may result in a material impact on the
Company’s results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for
the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued.

Litigation seeking damages from alleged personal injury. The
Company and other companies are defendants in a number of
legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief from
alleged personal injuries. These proceedings include claims by
children allegedly injured from ingestion of lead pigment or lead-
containing paint and claims for damages allegedly incurred by the
children’s parents or guardians. These proceedings generally seek
compensatory and punitive damages, and seek other relief
including medical monitoring costs. These proceedings include
purported claims by individuals, groups of individuals and class
actions.

The plaintiff in Thomas v. Lead Industries Association, et al.,

initiated an action in state court against the Company, other
alleged former lead pigment manufacturers and the Lead
Industries Association in September 1999. The claims against the

65

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

Insurancecoveragelitigation.The Company and its liability

insurers, including certain underwriters at Lloyd’s of London,
initiated legal proceedings against each other to primarily
determine, among other things, whether the costs and liabilities
associated with the abatement of lead pigment are covered under
certain insurance policies issued to the Company. The Company’s
action, filed on March 3, 2006 in the Common Pleas Court,
Cuyahoga County, Ohio, is currently stayed and inactive. The
liability insurers’ action, which was filed on February 23, 2006 in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York,
has been dismissed. An ultimate loss in the insurance coverage
litigation would mean that insurance proceeds could be
unavailable under the policies at issue to mitigate any ultimate
abatement related costs and liabilities. The Company has not
recorded any assets related to these insurance policies or
otherwise assumed that proceeds from these insurance policies
would be received in estimating any contingent liability accrual.
Therefore, an ultimate loss in the insurance coverage litigation
without a determination of liability against the Company in the
lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation will have no impact on
the Company’s results of operation, liquidity or financial condition.
As previously stated, however, the Company has not accrued any
amounts for the lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation and
any significant liability ultimately determined to be attributable to
the Company relating to such litigation may result in a material
impact on the Company’s results of operations, liquidity or
financial condition for the annual or interim period during which
such liability is accrued.

Company and the other defendants included strict liability,
negligence, negligent misrepresentation and omissions, fraudulent
misrepresentation and omissions, concert of action, civil
conspiracy and enterprise liability. Implicit within these claims is
the theory of “risk contribution” liability (Wisconsin’s theory which
is similar to market share liability, except that liability can be joint
and several) due to the plaintiff’s inability to identify the
manufacturer of any product that allegedly injured the plaintiff.
The case ultimately proceeded to trial and, on November 5, 2007,
the jury returned a defense verdict, finding that the plaintiff had
ingested white lead carbonate, but was not brain damaged or
injured as a result. The plaintiff appealed and, on December 16,
2010, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed the final judgment
in favor of the Company and other defendants.

Wisconsin is the only jurisdiction to date to apply a theory of

liability with respect to alleged personal injury (i.e., risk
contribution/market share liability) that does not require the
plaintiff to identify the manufacturer of the product that allegedly
injured the plaintiff in the lead pigment and lead-based paint
litigation. Although the risk contribution liability theory was
applied during the Thomas trial, the constitutionality of this theory
as applied to the lead pigment cases has not been judicially
determined by the Wisconsin state courts. However, in an
unrelated action filed in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Wisconsin, Gibson v. American Cyanamid, et
al., on November 15, 2010, the District Court held that Wisconsin’s
risk contribution theory as applied in that case violated the
defendants’ right to substantive due process and is
unconstitutionally retroactive. The District Court’s decision in
Gibson v. American Cyanamid, et al., was appealed by the plaintiff
to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. On
July 24, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh
Circuit reversed the judgment and remanded the case back to the
District Court for further proceedings. On January 16, 2015, the
defendants filed a petition for certiorari in the United States
Supreme Court seeking that Court’s review of the Seventh Circuit’s
decision, and on May 18, 2015, the United States Supreme Court
denied the defendants’ petition. The case is currently pending in
the District Court. Three cases also are pending in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Ravon
Owens v. American Cyanamid, et al., Cesar Sifuentes v. American
Cyanamid, et al., and Glenn Burton, Jr. v. American Cyanamid, et
al.) in which dispositive motions have been filed and are currently
pending. No trial dates have been set by the District Court. In
Maniya Allen, et al. v. American Cyanamid, et al., also pending in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Wisconsin, cases involving seven of the 166 plaintiffs have been
selected for discovery, although no trial dates have been set by the
District Court.

66

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 10 – CAPITAL STOCK

At December 31, 2017, there were 300,000,000 shares of

common stock and 30,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock
authorized for issuance. Of the authorized serial preferred stock,
3,000,000 shares are designated as cumulative redeemable serial
preferred and 1,000,000 shares are designated as convertible
serial preferred stock. See Note 11. Under the 2006 Equity and
Performance Incentive Plan (2006 Employee Plan), 23,700,000
common shares may be issued or transferred. See Note 12. An
aggregate of 10,715,939, 7,720,815 and 8,824,943 shares of
common stock at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
were reserved for the exercise and future grants of option rights

and future grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units. See
Note 12. Common shares outstanding shown in the following table
included 489,260, 488,714 and 487,900 shares of common stock
held in a revocable trust at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The revocable trust is used to accumulate assets for
the purpose of funding the ultimate obligation of certain
non-qualified benefit plans. Transactions between the Company
and the trust are accounted for in accordance with the Deferred
Compensation – Rabbi Trusts Subtopic of the Compensation Topic
of the ASC, which requires the assets held by the trust be
consolidated with the Company’s accounts.

Balance at January 1, 2015 .............................................................................................................
Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised.............................................................
Shares issued for exercise of option rights..................................................................................
Shares tendered in connection with grants of restricted stock ....................................................
Net shares issued for grants of restricted stock ..........................................................................
Treasury stock purchased ..........................................................................................................

Balance at December 31, 2015 .......................................................................................................
Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised.............................................................
Shares issued for exercise of option rights..................................................................................
Shares tendered in connection with grants of restricted stock ....................................................
Net shares issued for grants of restricted stock ..........................................................................

Balance at December 31, 2016 .......................................................................................................
Shares tendered as payment for option rights exercised.............................................................
Shares issued for exercise of option rights..................................................................................
Shares tendered in connection with grants of restricted stock ....................................................
Net shares issued for grants of restricted stock ..........................................................................

Common Shares

in Treasury
19,813,079
14,542

111,433

3,575,000
23,514,054
3,441

59,916

23,577,411
16,545

82,777

Balance at December 31, 2017 .......................................................................................................

23,676,733

Common Shares

Outstanding
94,704,173
(14,542)
1,133,050
(111,433)
110,277
(3,575,000)
92,246,525
(3,441)
733,876
(59,916)
95,987
93,013,031
(16,545)
1,152,015
(82,777)
(182,079)
93,883,645

NOTE 11 – STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

As of December 31, 2017, 36,584 employees contributed to the

Company’s ESOP, a voluntary defined contribution plan available
to all eligible salaried employees. Participants are allowed to
contribute, on a pretax or after-tax basis, up to the lesser of twenty
percent of their annual compensation or the maximum dollar
amount allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company
matches one hundred percent of all contributions up to six percent
of eligible employee contributions. Such participant contributions
may be invested in a variety of investment funds or a Company
common stock fund and may be exchanged between investments
as directed by the participant. Participants are permitted to
diversify both future and prior Company matching contributions
previously allocated to the Company common stock fund into a
variety of investment funds.

The Company made contributions to the ESOP on behalf of
participating employees, representing amounts authorized by
employees to be withheld from their earnings, of $138,731,
$127,697 and $120,514 in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
Company’s matching contributions to the ESOP charged to
operations were $90,682, $85,525 and $80,356 for 2017, 2016
and 2015, respectively.

At December 31, 2017, there were 10,033,576 shares of the
Company’s common stock being held by the ESOP, representing
10.7 percent of the total number of voting shares outstanding.
Shares of Company common stock credited to each member’s
account under the ESOP are voted by the trustee under
instructions from each individual plan member. Shares for which
no instructions are received are voted by the trustee in the same
proportion as those for which instructions are received.

67

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 12 – STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The 2006 Employee Plan authorizes the Board of Directors, or
a committee of the Board of Directors, to issue or transfer up to an
aggregate of 23,700,000 shares of common stock, plus any
shares relating to awards that expire, are forfeited or canceled.
The Company issues new shares upon exercise of option rights
and vesting of RSUs. The Employee Plan permits the granting of
option rights, appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units (RSUs), performance shares and performance units to
eligible employees. At December 31, 2017, no appreciation rights,
performance shares or performance units had been granted under
the 2006 Employee Plan.

The 2006 Stock Plan for Nonemployee Directors

(Nonemployee Director Plan) authorizes the Board of Directors, or
a committee of the Board of Directors, to issue or transfer up to an
aggregate of 200,000 shares of common stock, plus any shares
relating to awards that expire, are forfeited or are canceled. The
Nonemployee Director Plan permits the granting of option rights,
appreciation rights, restricted stock and RSUs to members of the
Board of Directors who are not employees of the Company. At
December 31, 2017, no option rights or appreciation rights had
been granted under the Nonemployee Director Plan.

In connection with the Acquisition (see Note 2), the Company
assumed certain outstanding RSUs of Valspar granted under the
Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Equity Plan. Upon close of
the Acquisition, the Valspar RSUs were converted into RSUs
relating to common stock of the Company.

The cost of the Company’s stock-based compensation is

recorded in accordance with the Stock Compensation Topic of the
ASC. At December 31, 2017, the Company had total unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense of $127,222 that is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.07 years.
Stock-based compensation expense during 2017, 2016 and 2015
was $90,292, $72,109 and $72,342, respectively. The related tax
benefit was $34,343, $27,442 and $27,634 during 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU
No. 2016-09 in 2016, excess tax benefits from share-based
payments are recognized in the income tax provision rather than in
other capital. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016,
the Company’s tax benefit from options exercised reduced the
income tax provision by $86,540 and $44,233, respectively.

Option rights. The fair value of the Company’s option rights

was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes- Merton
option-pricing model with the following weighted- average
assumptions for all options granted:

Risk-free interest

rate ..........................
Expected life of option
rights .......................

Expected dividend

yield of stock............

Expected volatility of

stock........................

2017

2016

2015

1.97%

1.24%

1.37%

5.05 years

5.05 years 5.05 years

0.85%

1.06%

1.13%

.213

.212

.245

The risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield

curve at the time of grant. The expected life of option rights was
calculated using a scenario analysis model. Historical data was
used to aggregate the holding period from actual exercises, post-
vesting cancellations and hypothetical assumed exercises on all
outstanding option rights. The expected dividend yield of stock is
the Company’s best estimate of the expected future dividend yield.
Expected volatility of stock was calculated using historical and
implied volatilities. The Company applied an estimated forfeiture
rate of 2.00 percent to the 2017 grants. This rate was calculated
based upon historical activity and is an estimate of granted shares
not expected to vest. If actual forfeitures differ from the expected
rate, the Company may be required to make additional
adjustments to compensation expense in future periods.

Grants of option rights for non-qualified and incentive stock

options have been awarded to certain officers and key employees
under the 2006 Employee Plan and the 2003 Stock Plan. The
option rights generally become exercisable to the extent of
one-third of the optioned shares for each full year following the
date of grant and generally expire ten years after the date of grant.
Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to option rights
granted to eligible employees amounted to $56,986 at
December 31, 2017. The unrecognized compensation expense is
being amortized on a straight-line basis over the three-year
vesting period and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average period of 1.10 years.

The weighted-average per share grant date fair value of

options granted during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $77.14, $49.36
and $50.73, respectively. The total intrinsic value of option rights
exercised during 2017, 2016, and 2015 was $255,482, $129,230
and $223,417, respectively. The total fair value of options vested
during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $31,292, $32,476 and $32,655,
respectively. There were no outstanding option rights for
nonemployee directors at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

68

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

A summary of the Company’s non-qualified and incentive stock option right activity is shown in the following table:

2017

Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price Per

Share

Optioned
Shares

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

Optioned
Shares

2016

Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price Per

Share

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

Optioned
Shares

2015

Weighted-
Average
Exercise
Price Per

Share

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

Outstanding beginning of

year ....................................
Granted..................................
Exercised................................
Forfeited ................................
Expired ...................................

Outstanding end of year .........

Exercisable at end of year .......

5,163,709 $ 163.61
377.84
689,506
(1,154,698)
123.16
(49,977) 267.02
(2,227) 236.97

5,219,506 $ 141.58
271.46
712,967
(733,876)
108.81
(26,653) 232.83
176.28
4,646,313 $204.33 $955,810 5,163,709 $ 163.61
3,288,237 $ 156.43 $833,938 3,783,755 $130.59

(8,235)

5,699,892 $ 117.31
241.84
79.41
193.60
87.59

697,423
(1,133,287)
(43,632)
(890)

$545,531 5,219,506 $ 141.58 $ 616,866
$522,921 3,807,351 $ 110.96 $565,934

The weighted-average remaining term for options outstanding
at the end of 2017, 2016 and 2015 was 6.28, 6.25 and 6.44 years,
respectively. The weighted-average remaining term for options
exercisable at the end of 2017, 2016 and 2015 was 5.11, 5.20 and
5.47 years, respectively. Shares reserved for future grants of
option rights, restricted stock and RSUs were 6,041,092,
2,557,106 and 3,605,437 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

Restricted stock and RSUs. Grants of RSUs, which generally
require three years of continuous employment from the date of
grant before vesting and receiving the stock without restriction,
have been awarded to certain officers and key employees under
the 2006 Employee Plan. The February 2017 and 2016 grants
consisted of performance-based awards that vest at the end of a
three-year period based on the Company’s achievement of
specified financial goals relating to earnings per share and return
on net assets employed. The February 2015 grant consisted of a
combination of performance-based awards and time-based
awards. The performance based awards vest at the end of a three-
year period based on the Company’s achievement of specified
financial goals relating to earnings per share. The time-based
awards vest at the end of a three-year period based on continuous
employment.

Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to grants of
RSUs to eligible employees amounted to $68,540 at December 31,
2017 and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average period of 0.94 years.

Grants of RSUs have been awarded to nonemployee directors

under the Nonemployee Director Plan. These grants generally vest
and stock is received without restriction to the extent of one-third
of the RSUs for each year following the date of grant.
Unrecognized compensation expense with respect to grants of
RSUs to nonemployee directors amounted to $1,697 at
December 31, 2017 and is being amortized on a straight-line basis

over the three-year vesting period and is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.94 years.

A summary of the Company’s RSU activity for the years ended

December 31 is shown in the following table:

Outstanding at

beginning of year ....
Granted......................
Exchanged Valspar

awards (net of
forfeitures) .............
Vested .......................
Forfeited ....................

Outstanding at end

2017

2016

2015

397,326
112,647

467,744
99,662

655,276
112,494

51,009
(215,433)
(9,753)

(166,405)
(3,675)

(290,901)
(9,125)

of year ....................

335,796

397,326

467,744

The weighted-average per share fair value of RSUs granted

during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $313.88, $257.99 and $285.88,
respectively.

NOTE 13 – OTHER

Other general expense - net. Included in Other general

expense - net were the following:

Provisions for

environmental
matters - net............

Loss (gain) on sale or

disposition of
assets ......................

Total ...........................

2017

2016

2015

$ 15,443

$ 42,932

$ 31,071

5,422
$20,865

(30,564)
$ 12,368

(803)
$30,268

Provisions for environmental matters–net represent initial
provisions for site-specific estimated costs of environmental
investigation or remediation and increases or decreases to

69

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

environmental-related accruals as information becomes available
upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and
as additional accounting guidelines are issued. Environmental-
related accruals are not recorded net of insurance proceeds in
accordance with the Offsetting Subtopic of the Balance Sheet
Topic of the ASC. See Note 8 for further details on the Company’s
environmental-related activities.

The loss (gain) on sale or disposition of assets represents the

net realized loss (gain) associated with the sale or disposal of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets previously
used in the conduct of the primary business of the Company. The
2016 gain primarily relates to the sale of a closed domestic facility.

Other (income) expense - net. Included in Other (income)

expense - net were the following:

Dividend and royalty
income ..................

Net expense from

financing
activities................

Foreign currency

transaction related
losses ....................
Other income ............
Other expense ..........

Total .........................

2017

2016

2015

$ (7,648)

$ (4,573)

$ (3,668)

9,843

8,667

11,091

450
(32,570)
12,951
$ (16,974)

7,335
(25,279)
9,263
$ (4,587)

9,503
(23,880)
13,036
$ 6,082

The Net expense from financing activities includes the net
expense relating to changes in the Company’s financing fees.
Foreign currency transaction related losses represent net

realized losses on U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities of foreign
subsidiaries and net realized and unrealized losses from foreign
currency option and forward contracts. There were no material
foreign currency option and forward contracts outstanding at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

Other income and Other expense included items of revenue,

gains, expenses and losses that were unrelated to the primary
business purpose of the Company. There were no items within

Other income or Other expense that were individually significant
at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

NOTE 14 – INCOME TAXES

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act)
was enacted. The Tax Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate
income tax system by, among other things, lowering corporate
income tax rates from 35% to 21%, implementing a territorial tax
system and imposing a repatriation tax on deemed repatriated
earnings of foreign subsidiaries. Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
No. 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend
beyond one year from the enactment date for companies to
complete the accounting under the Tax Act.

In accordance with SAB No. 118, based on the information

available as of December 31, 2017 the Company recorded a
provisional reduction of income taxes of $607,919 as a result of
the Tax Act. The Company’s deferred tax liabilities were reduced
by $560,198 due to the lower income tax rate. The remaining
$47,721 is the effects of the implementation of the territorial tax
system and the remeasurement of U.S. deferred tax liabilities on
unremitted foreign earnings.

The final impact of the Tax Act may differ from the provisional

amounts recorded at December 31, 2017, due to, among other
things, changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company
has made, guidance that may be issued and actions the Company
may take as a result of the Tax Act.

During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company merged

certain Valspar domestic subsidiaries that were acquired in a stock
acquisition on June 1, 2017 into The Sherwin-Williams Company
(Subsidiary mergers). As a result, the Company released $93,630
of deferred state income tax liabilities, which had a net income tax
benefit of $60,860.

The Subsidiary mergers along with the Tax Act reduced

deferred income taxes by $668,779 in total in the fourth quarter
2017 (Deferred income tax reductions).

70

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income
tax purposes using the enacted tax rates and laws that are
currently in effect. Significant components of the Company’s
deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015 were as follows:

2017

2016

2015

Deferred tax assets:

Exit costs, environ-
mental and other
similar items .........

Employee related

and benefit
items ....................
Other items ..............

Total deferred tax
assets ...............
Deferred tax liabilities:

Depreciation and

amortization .........
LIFO inventories .......
Other items ..............

Total deferred tax
liabilities............

Net deferred tax

$

50,193

$ 74,535

$ 63,851

as follows:

104,098
110,960

166,313
148,910

141,974
116,302

265,251

389,758

322,127

1,506,650
78,952
49,670

254,430
83,659
59,746

241,101
89,330
33,433

1,635,272

397,835

363,864

liabilities ...................

$ 1,370,021

$

8,077

$ 41,737

As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s deferred income tax

liability recorded related to the preliminary purchase price
accounting for Valspar was approximately $1,966,000. This
amount is preliminary and is subject to measurement period
adjustments. Included in this amount are deferred tax liabilities
recorded for intangible assets of $1,761,866, estimated taxes
payable of $47,963 on undistributed earnings of certain foreign
subsidiaries expected to be repatriated by the Company and a
$30,500 valuation allowance related to foreign tax credits.

Netted against the Company’s other deferred tax assets were

valuation allowances of $44,101, $17,292 and $14,663 at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in
the valuation allowance in 2017 can be attributed to the
Acquisition, which increased the reserve by $20,784. These

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

reserves resulted from the uncertainty as to the realization of the
tax benefits from foreign net operating losses and other foreign
assets. The Company has $25,095 of domestic net operating loss
carryforwards acquired through acquisitions that have expiration
dates through the tax year 2037 and foreign net operating losses
of $250,461, which includes $138,746 of losses acquired as a part
of the Acquisition. The foreign net operating losses are related to
various jurisdictions that provide for both indefinite carryforward
periods and others with carryforward periods that range from the
tax years 2017 to 2037.

Significant components of the provisions for income taxes were

Current:

Federal..............
Foreign..............
State and local ..

Total

current ......

Deferred:

Federal..............
Foreign..............
State and local ..

Total

deferred.....

Total (credits)

provisions for
income taxes.....

2017

2016

2015

$ 269,330
53,442
39,320

$438,244
31,125
61,402

$399,677
30,145
60,319

362,092

530,771

490,141

(474,889)
(42,292)
(88,954)

(56,891)
(2,121)
(9,229)

13,505
(10,752)
2,223

(606,135)

(68,241)

4,976

$(244,043)

$462,530

$ 495,117

The provisions for income taxes included the tax benefit from
the Deferred income tax reductions and estimated taxes payable
on that portion of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries
expected to be repatriated. The 2017 provision for income taxes
included a $41,540 income tax expense related to discontinued
operations.

Significant components of income before income taxes as used

for income tax purposes, were as follows:

Domestic .........
Foreign ............

2017

2016

2015

$1,474,481
53,738
$ 1,528,219

$1,504,990
90,243
$ 1,595,233

$ 1,440,511
108,455
$1,548,966

71

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of

effective tax rate follows:

unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

2017

2016

2015

Balance at beginning of

year............................

$32,805

$33,873

$31,560

Additions from the

Acquisition.................

Additions based on tax
positions related to
the current year..........

Additions for tax

positions of prior
years ..........................

Reductions for tax
positions of prior
years ..........................
Settlements ...................
Lapses of statutes of

limitations ..................

Balance at end of year ....

18,928

6,780

5,674

4,228

4,033

3,890

8,450

(1,168)
(368)

(5,901)
(3,763)

(4,862)
(968)

(2,009)
$59,001

(968)
$32,805

(4,535)
$33,873

The $18,928 in unrecognized tax benefits included in the

balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2017 were
recorded as a part of the Acquisition. Included in the balance of
unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is
$49,520, $27,686 and $30,007 in unrecognized tax benefits, the
recognition of which would have an effect on the effective tax rate.

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at

December 31, 2017 is $5,184 related to tax positions for which it is
reasonably possible that the total amounts could significantly
change during the next twelve months. This amount represents a
decrease in unrecognized tax benefits comprised primarily of
items related to federal audits of partnership investments and
expiring statutes in federal, foreign and state jurisdictions.

The Company classifies all income tax related interest and

penalties as income tax expense. During the year ended
December 31, 2017, there was a decrease in income tax interest
and penalties of $790. There was an increase in income tax
interest and penalties of $1,410 and $2,918 for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At December 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015, the Company accrued $14,592, $9,275 and
$8,550, respectively, for the potential payment of interest and
penalties.

Statutory federal income tax rate...

Effect of:

State and local income

taxes ..................................
Investment vehicles ...............
Domestic production

2016

2017
35.0% 35.0% 35.0%

2015

2.2
(1.4)

2.3
(1.5)

2.6
(1.6)

activities.............................

(3.0)

(2.9)

(2.2)

Employee share-based

payments ...........................
Other - net .............................

Subtotal.........................................

Effect of:

(2.8)
(1.1)

(5.6)
(2.1)
(1.8)
25.1% 29.0% 32.0%

Tax Act ..................................
Subsidiary mergers ................

Reported effective tax rate.............

(39.8)
(4.0)
(18.7)% 29.0% 32.0%

The 2017 state and local income taxes, investment vehicles

and domestic production activities components of the effective tax
rate were consistent with the 2016 tax year. The tax benefit
related to employee share based payments increased in 2017
compared to 2016 due to a significant increase in the excess tax
benefit related to Company stock options exercised by current and
former employees of the Company. The Company began receiving
a tax benefit in 2016 by adopting ASU No. 2016-09. The impact of
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act legislation and the merger of the
Valspar domestic subsidiaries is reflected in the reconciliation
above.

The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state and foreign jurisdictions.
The IRS is currently auditing the Company’s 2014 and 2015
income tax returns as well as the 2014 and 2015 tax years of a
Valspar subsidiary. There has been no significant adjustments
proposed by the IRS at this point of the audits. The IRS concluded
the refund claim audits for the 2010, 2011 and 2012 tax years and
has approved the refunds and submitted them to the Joint
Committee of Taxation for approval. As of December 31, 2017, the
federal statute of limitations has not expired for the 2013, 2014,
2015 and 2016 tax years.

As of December 31, 2017, the Company is subject to non-U.S.
income tax examinations for the tax years of 2010 through 2016.
In addition, the Company is subject to state and local income tax
examinations for the tax years 2005 through 2016.

72

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 15 – NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE

Basic

2017

2016

2015

Average common shares outstanding ...............................................................

92,908,638

91,838,603

92,197,207

Net income

Continuing operations ...................................................................................
Discontinued operations ...............................................................................

Net income................................................................................................

Basic net income per common share

Continuing operations ...................................................................................
Discontinued operations ...............................................................................

Net income per common share ..................................................................

$ 1,813,802
(41,540)
$ 1,772,262

$

$

19.52
(.44)
19.08

$

$

$

$

1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

12.33

12.33

$

$

11.43

11.43

Diluted

Average common shares outstanding ...............................................................
Stock options and other contingently issuable shares(1) .....................................
Non-vested restricted stock grants ...................................................................

Average common shares outstanding assuming dilution ...................................

92,908,638
1,931,157
87,418
94,927,213

91,838,603
2,089,921
559,562
94,488,086

92,197,207
1,826,885
519,451
94,543,543

Net income

Continuing operations ...................................................................................
Discontinued operations ...............................................................................

Net income................................................................................................

Diluted net income per common share

Continuing operations ...................................................................................
Discontinued operations ...............................................................................

Net income per common share ..................................................................

$ 1,813,802
(41,540)
$ 1,772,262

$

$

19.11
(.44)
18.67

$

$

$

$

1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

1,132,703

$ 1,053,849

11.99

11.99

$

$

11.15

11.15

(1) Stock options and other contingently issuable shares excludes 638,795, 62,935 and 34,463 shares at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to their anti-

dilutive effect.

Basic and diluted net income per common share are calculated using the treasury stock method.

73

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

NOTE 16 – SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

Net sales ...................................................................
Gross profit ...............................................................
Net income................................................................
Net income per common share—basic ......................
Net income per common share—diluted....................

Net sales ....................................................................
Gross profit ................................................................
Net income ................................................................
Net income per common share—basic .......................
Net income per common share—diluted ....................

1st Quarter
$2,761,387
1,343,274
239,152
2.58
2.53

2nd Quarter
$3,735,817
1,737,056
319,111
3.44
3.36

1st Quarter
$2,574,024
1,261,845
164,876
1.80
1.75

2nd Quarter
$3,219,525
1,635,901
378,064
4.12
3.99

2017

3rd Quarter
$4,507,020
1,902,142
316,606
3.40
3.33

2016

3rd Quarter
$3,279,462
1,636,425
386,733
4.20
4.08

4th Quarter
$3,979,564
1,798,739
897,393
9.62
9.39

Full Year

$14,983,788
6,781,211
1,772,262
19.08
18.67

4th Quarter
$2,782,591
1,388,580
203,030
2.20
2.15

Full Year

$11,855,602
5,922,751
1,132,703
12.33
11.99

Net income for the three months and year ended December 31,

NOTE 18 – REPORTABLE SEGMENT INFORMATION

2017 included a tax benefit of $668,779 related to the Deferred
income tax reductions. See Note 14.

Net income in the fourth quarter of 2016 included a gain on

sale of assets of $30,916, increased provisions for environmental
matters of $9,330 and impairment of goodwill and trademarks of
$10,688.

NOTE 17 – OPERATING LEASES

The Company leases certain stores, warehouses,

manufacturing facilities, office space and equipment. Renewal
options are available on the majority of leases and, under certain
conditions, options exist to purchase certain properties. Rental
expense for operating leases, recognized on a straight-line basis
over the lease term in accordance with the Leases Topic of the
ASC was $464,616, $417,549 and $394,359 for 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Certain store leases require the payment of
contingent rentals based on sales in excess of specified minimums.
Contingent rentals included in rent expense were $63,300,
$58,865 and $55,890 in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Rental
income, as lessor, from real estate leasing activities and sublease
rental income for all years presented was not significant. The
following schedule summarizes the future minimum lease
payments under noncancellable operating leases having initial or
remaining terms in excess of one year at December 31, 2017:

2018 ....................................................................
2019 ....................................................................
2020....................................................................
2021.....................................................................
2022 ....................................................................
Later years ...........................................................

Total minimum lease payments............................

$ 391,009
347,321
298,505
237,999
178,014
402,680
$1,855,528

The Company reports its segment information in the same way

that management internally organizes its business for assessing
performance and making decisions regarding allocation of
resources in accordance with the Segment Reporting Topic of the
ASC. Upon completion of the Acquisition in the second quarter of
2017, the Company made important changes to its organizational
and reporting structure that resulted in establishing three
reportable operating segments: The Americas Group, Consumer
Brands Group and Performance Coatings Group (individually, a
Reportable Segment and collectively, the Reportable Segments).
Prior period segment reporting has been adjusted to reflect the
updated reportable segments. Factors considered in determining
the three Reportable Segments of the Company include the nature
of business activities, the management structure directly
accountable to the Company’s chief operating decision maker
(CODM) for operating and administrative activities, availability of
discrete financial information and information presented to the
Board of Directors. The Company reports all other business
activities and immaterial operating segments that are not
reportable in the Administrative segment. See pages 8 through 15
of this report for more information about the Reportable
Segments.

The Company’s CODM has been identified as the Chief

Executive Officer because he has final authority over performance
assessment and resource allocation decisions. Because of the
diverse operations of the Company, the CODM regularly receives
discrete financial information about each Reportable Segment as
well as a significant amount of additional financial information
about certain divisions, business units or subsidiaries of the
Company. The CODM uses all such financial information for
performance assessment and resource allocation decisions. The
CODM evaluates the performance of and allocates resources to

74

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

the Reportable Segments based on segment profit or loss and cash
generated from operations. The accounting policies of the
Reportable Segments are the same as those described in Note 1 of
this report.

The Americas Group Reportable Segment includes the
Company’s previous Paint Stores Group and Latin America
Coatings Group, along with a specialty retail business of Valspar.
The Americas Group consisted of 4,620 company-operated
specialty paint stores in the United States, Canada, Latin America
and the Caribbean region at December 31, 2017. Each store in this
segment is engaged in servicing the needs of architectural and
industrial paint contractors and do-it-yourself homeowners. The
Americas Group company-owned stores market and sell Sherwin-
Williams® and other controlled brand architectural paint and
coatings, protective and marine products, OEM product finishes
and related products. The majority of these products are produced
by manufacturing facilities in the Consumer Brands Group. In
addition, each store sells select purchased associated products.
The Americas Group sells a variety of architectural paints,
coatings and related products through dedicated dealers, home
centers, distributors, hardware stores and other retailers
throughout Latin America. The Americas Group meets regional
customer demands through developing, licensing, manufacturing,
distributing and selling a variety of architectural paints, coatings
and related products in North and South America. The loss of any
single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the
business of this segment. At December 31, 2017, The Americas
Group consisted of operations from subsidiaries in 9 foreign
countries. During 2017, this segment opened 101 net new stores,
consisting of 114 new stores opened (76 in the United States, 15 in
Canada, 1 in Curacao, 14 in South America and 8 in Mexico) and 13
stores closed (4 in the United States, 1 in Canada, 6 in South
America and 2 in Mexico). In 2016 and 2015, this segment opened
142 and 98 net new stores, respectively. A map on the cover flap
of this report shows the number of paint stores and their
geographic location. The CODM uses discrete financial
information about The Americas Group, supplemented with
information by geographic region, product type and customer
type, to assess performance of and allocate resources to The
Americas Group as a whole. In accordance with ASC
280-10-50-9, The Americas Group as a whole is considered the
operating segment, and because it meets the criteria in ASC
280-10-50-10, it is also considered a Reportable Segment.

The Consumer Brands Group Reportable Segment includes the

Company’s previous Consumer Group along with Valspar’s
previous Consumer Paints segment, excluding Valspar’s
automotive refinishes products business. The Consumer Brands
Group supplies a broad portfolio of branded and private-label
architectural paints, stains, varnishes, industrial products, wood

finishes products, wood preservatives, applicators, corrosion
inhibitors, aerosols, caulks and adhesives to retailers and
distributors throughout North America, as well as in Australia,
China and Europe. The Consumer Brands Group also supports the
Company’s other businesses around the world with new product
research and development, manufacturing, distribution and
logistics. Approximately 59.47% of the total sales of the
Consumer Brands Group in 2017 were intersegment transfers of
products primarily sold through The Americas Group. At
December 31, 2017, the Consumer Brands Group consisted of
operations in the United States and subsidiaries in 6 foreign
countries. Sales and marketing of certain controlled brand and
private labeled products is performed by a direct sales staff. The
products distributed through third-party customers are intended
for resale to the ultimate end-user of the product. The Consumer
Brands Group had sales to certain customers that, individually,
may be a significant portion of the sales of the segment. However,
the loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse
effect on the overall profitability of the segment. This segment
incurred most of the Company’s capital expenditures related to
ongoing environmental compliance measures at sites currently in
operation. The CODM uses discrete financial information about
the Consumer Brands Group, supplemented with information by
product type and customer type, to assess performance of and
allocate resources to the Consumer Brands Group as a whole. In
accordance with ASC 280-10-50-9, the Consumer Brands Group
as a whole is considered the operating segment, and because it
meets the criteria in ASC 280-10-50-10, it is also considered a
Reportable Segment.

The Performance Coatings Group Reportable Segment

includes the Company’s previous Global Finishes Group and
Valspar’s previous Coatings Group segment. The Performance
Coatings Group also includes Valspar’s automotive refinishes
products business, which was previously reported under Valspar’s
Consumer Paints segment. Valspar’s North American industrial
wood coatings business, which was previously reported under the
Valspar’s Coatings Group segment, was divested. The
Performance Coatings Group develops and sells industrial
coatings for wood finishing and general industrial (metal and
plastic) applications, automotive refinish, protective and marine
coatings, coil coatings, packaging coatings and performance-
based resins and colorants worldwide. In addition, a specialty
coatings business previously in the Company’s Consumer Group is
now included in the Performance Coatings Group. This segment
licenses certain technology and trade names worldwide. Sherwin-
Williams® and other controlled brand products are distributed
through The Americas Group and this segment’s 290 company-
operated branches and by a direct sales staff and outside sales
representatives to retailers, dealers, jobbers, licensees and other

75

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

third-party distributors. The Performance Coatings Group had
sales to certain customers that, individually, may be a significant
portion of the sales of the segment. However, the loss of any single
customer would not have a material adverse effect on the overall
profitability of the segment. During 2017, this segment opened 4
new branches and closed 2 branches for a net increase of 2
branches. At December 31, 2017, the Performance Coatings Group
consisted of operations in the United States and subsidiaries in 44
foreign countries. The CODM uses discrete financial information
about the Performance Coatings Group reportable segment,
supplemented with information about geographic divisions,
business units and subsidiaries, to assess performance of and
allocate resources to the Performance Coatings Group as a whole.
In accordance with ASC 280-10-50-9, the Performance Coatings
Group as a whole is considered the operating segment, and
because it meets the criteria in ASC 280-10-50-10, it is also
considered a Reportable Segment. A map on the cover flap of this
report shows the number of branches and their geographic
locations.

The Administrative segment includes the administrative

expenses of the Company’s corporate headquarters site. Also
included in the Administrative segment is interest expense,
interest and investment income, certain expenses related to closed
facilities and environmental-related matters, and other expenses
which are not directly associated with the Reportable Segments.
The Administrative segment does not include any significant
foreign operations. Also included in the Administrative segment is
a real estate management unit that is responsible for the
ownership, management and leasing of non-retail properties held
primarily for use by the Company, including the Company’s
headquarters site, and disposal of idle facilities. Sales of this
segment represents external leasing revenue of excess
headquarters space or leasing of facilities no longer used by the
Company in its primary businesses. Material gains and losses from
the sale of property are infrequent and not a significant operating
factor in determining the performance of the Administrative
segment.

Net external sales of all consolidated foreign subsidiaries were
$2,959,785, $1,722,246 and $1,788,955 for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Long-lived assets consisted of Property, plant and
equipment, Goodwill, Intangible assets, Deferred pension assets
and Other assets. The aggregate total of long-lived assets for the
Company was $15,492,586, $3,125,222 and, $3,132,981 at
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Long-lived assets
of consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled $3,691,035, $477,889
and $497,528 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Total Assets of the Company were $19,958,427, $6,752,521

and $5,778,937 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Total assets of consolidated foreign subsidiaries were
$5,253,995, $1,233,666 and $1,172,064, which represented
26.3 percent, 18.3 percent and 20.3 percent of the Company’s
total assets at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The increase in net external sales and long- lived assets was
primarily due to the Acquisition. Domestic operations accounted
for the remaining net external sales and long-lived assets. No
single geographic area outside the United States was significant
relative to consolidated net external sales or consolidated long-
lived assets. Export sales and sales to any individual customer
were each less than 10 percent of consolidated sales to unaffiliated
customers during all years presented.

In the reportable segment financial information that follows,

Segment profit was total net sales and intersegment transfers less
operating costs and expenses. Identifiable assets were those
directly identified with each reportable segment. The
Administrative segment assets consisted primarily of cash and
cash equivalents, investments, deferred pension assets and
headquarters property, plant and equipment. The margin for each
reportable segment was based upon total net sales and
intersegment transfers. Domestic intersegment transfers were
primarily accounted for at the approximate fully absorbed
manufactured cost, based on normal capacity volumes, plus
customary distribution costs for paint products. Non-paint
domestic and all international intersegment transfers were
accounted for at values comparable to normal unaffiliated
customer sales. All intersegment transfers are eliminated within
the Administrative segment.

76

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(millions of dollars)

Net external sales...............................................
Intersegment transfers .......................................
Total net sales and intersegment transfers .........

Segment profit ...................................................
Interest expense.................................................
Administrative expenses and other ....................
Income from continuing operations before

income taxes ..................................................

Reportable segment margins ..............................
Identifiable assets ..............................................
Capital expenditures ..........................................
Depreciation ......................................................

Net external sales...............................................
Intersegment transfers .......................................
Total net sales and intersegment transfers .........

Segment profit ...................................................
Interest expense.................................................
Administrative expenses and other ....................
Income from continuing operations before

income taxes ..................................................

Reportable segment margins ..............................
Identifiable assets ..............................................
Capital expenditures ..........................................
Depreciation ......................................................

Net external sales...............................................
Intersegment transfers .......................................

Total net sales and intersegment transfers .........

Segment profit ...................................................
Interest expense.................................................
Administrative expenses and other ....................

Income from continuing operations before

The Americas

Group
$ 9,117
6
$ 9,123

Consumer

Brands
Group
$ 2,155
3,162
$ 5,317

2017

Performance

Coatings
Group
$3,706
22
$ 3,728

$ 1,769

$ 226

$ 299

Administrative

$
6
(3,190)
$(3,184)

$ (263)
(503)

Consolidated

Totals
$14,984

$14,984

$ 2,294
(263)
(503)

$ 1,769

$ 226

$ 299

$ (766)

$ 1,528

19.4%

$4,359
69
75

The Americas

Group
$8,377
39
$8,416

4.3%

8.0%

$5,839
95
92

Consumer

Brands
Group
$ 1,528
2,775
$4,303

$8,300
37
69

2016

Performance

Coatings
Group
$1,946
15
$ 1,961

$1,606

$ 301

$ 257

$ 1,460
22
49

$19,958
223
285

Administrative

$

5
(2,829)
$(2,824)

$ (154)
(415)

Consolidated

Totals
$11,856

$11,856

$ 2,164
(154)
(415)

$1,606

$ 301

$ 257

$ (569)

$ 1,595

19.1%

$2,148
100
76

The Americas

Group
$7,840
40
$7,880

7.0%

13.1%

$2,005
99
47

Consumer

Brands
Group
$ 1,578
2,736
$4,314

$ 818
19
20

2015

Performance

Coatings
Group
$1,916
5
$1,921

$ 1,452

$ 309

$ 202

$ 1,782
21
$
$
29

$ 6,753
239
172

Administrative

$

5
(2,781)
$(2,776)

$

(62)
(352)

Consolidated

Totals
$11,339

$11,339

$ 1,963
(62)
(352)

income taxes ..................................................

$ 1,452

$ 309

$ 202

$ (414)

$ 1,549

Reportable segment margins ..............................
Identifiable assets ..............................................
Capital expenditures ..........................................
Depreciation ......................................................

18.4%

7.2%

10.5%

$2,037
132
72

$ 1,925
60
47

$ 814
21
25

$ 1,003
21
26

$ 5,779
234
170

77

Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Information

Certain statements contained in “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
“Letter to Shareholders” and elsewhere in this report constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. These forward-looking statements are based upon
management’s current expectations, estimates, assumptions and
beliefs concerning future events and conditions and may discuss,
among other things, anticipated future performance (including
sales and earnings), expected growth, future business plans and
the costs and potential liability for environmental-related matters
and the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation. Any
statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking
statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases
such as “believe,” “expect,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “project,”
“could,” “plan,” “goal,” “potential,” “seek,” “intend” or “anticipate”
or the negative thereof or comparable terminology.

Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many
of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results to
differ materially from such statements and from our historical
results and experience. These risks, uncertainties and other factors
include such things as: (a) general business conditions, strengths
of retail and manufacturing economies and the growth in the
coatings industry; (b) changes in general domestic economic
conditions such as inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates,
unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs,
recessions, and changing government policies, laws and
regulations; (c) changes in raw material and energy supplies and
pricing; (d) changes in our relationships with customers and
suppliers; (e) our ability to successfully integrate past and future
acquisitions into our existing operations, including Valspar, as well
as the performance of the businesses acquired; (f) risks inherent in

the achievement of anticipated cost synergies resulting from the
Acquisition and the timing thereof; (g) competitive factors,
including pricing pressures and product innovation and quality;
(h) our ability to attain cost savings from productivity initiatives;
(i) risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and
our operations in Asia, Europe, South America and other foreign
markets, including general economic conditions, inflation rates,
recessions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign investment
and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil
unrest and other external economic and political factors; (j) the
achievement of growth in foreign markets, such as Asia, Europe
and South America; (k) increasingly stringent domestic and
foreign governmental regulations, including those affecting health,
safety and the environment; (l) inherent uncertainties involved in
assessing our potential liability for environmental-related
activities; (m) other changes in governmental policies, laws and
regulations, including changes in accounting policies and
standards and taxation requirements (such as new tax laws and
new or revised tax law interpretations); (n) the nature, cost,
quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation and other
claims, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation,
and the effect of any legislation and administrative regulations
relating thereto; and (o) adverse weather conditions and natural
disasters.

Readers are cautioned that it is not possible to predict or

identify all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
affect future results and that the above list should not be
considered to be a complete list. Any forward-looking statement
speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and
we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-
looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise except as otherwise required by law.

78

Shareholder Information

TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR
Our transfer agent, EQ Shareowner
Services (formerly Wells Fargo
Shareowner Services), maintains the
records for our registered shareholders
and can help with a wide variety of
shareholder related services, including
the direct deposit of dividends and
online access to your account. Contact:
EQ Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 64874
St. Paul, MN 55164-0874
www.shareowneronline.com
1-800-468-9716 Toll-free
651-450-4064 outside the United States

ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of shareholders will
be held in the Landmark Conference
Center, 927 Midland Building,
101 W. Prospect Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio
on Wednesday, April 18, 2018 at
9:00 A.M., local time.

HEADQUARTERS
101 W. Prospect Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44115-1075
(216) 566-2000
www.sherwin.com

INVESTOR RELATIONS
Robert J. Wells
Senior Vice President – Corporate
Communications and Public Affairs
The Sherwin-Williams Company
101 W. Prospect Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44115-1075

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
Ernst & Young LLP
Cleveland, Ohio

STOCK TRADING
Sherwin-Williams Common Stock –
Symbol, SHW – is traded on the
New York Stock Exchange.

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT
PROGRAM
A dividend reinvestment program is
available to shareholders of common
stock. For information, contact
Equiniti Trust Company.

FORM 10-K
The Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K, filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, is available
without charge. To obtain a copy, contact
Investor Relations.

COMMON STOCK TRADING STATISTICS

High ....................................................................
Low.....................................................................
Close December 31 .............................................
Shareholders of record ........................................
Shares traded (thousands) ..................................

2017

$ 414.34
274.54
410.04
6,488
154,970

2016

$ 312.10
239.35
268.74
6,787
212,100

2015

$ 292.44
218.94
259.60
6,996
195,560

2014

$ 266.25
174.29
263.04
7,250
152,913

2013

$ 195.32
153.94
183.50
7,555
186,854

QUARTERLY STOCK PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

2017

2016

Quarter

1st.................
2nd ...............
3rd................
4th ...............

High

$ 315.36
361.03
359.72
414.34

Low

$274.54
308.35
328.97
359.43

Dividend

$.850
.850
.850
.850

Quarter
1st.................
2nd ...............
3rd................
4th ...............

High

$288.69
300.12
312.10
277.88

Low

$ 239.35
280.32
273.53
240.63

Dividend
$.840
.840
.840
.840

79

Corporate Officers and Operating Management

CORPORATE OFFICERS

OPERATING MANAGEMENT

Joel D. Baxter, 57*
President & General Manager
Global Supply Chain Division
Consumer Brands Group

Justin T. Binns, 42
President & General Manager
Eastern Division
The Americas Group

Lee B. Diamond, 48
President & General Manager
Canada Division
The Americas Group

Aaron M. Erter, 44*
President
Consumer Brands Group

Monty J. Griffin, 57
President & General Manager
South Western Division
The Americas Group

Thomas C. Hablitzel, 55
President & General Manager
Automotive Finishes Division
Performance Coatings Group

Peter J. Ippolito, 53*
President
The Americas Group

Bruce G. Irussi, 57
President & General Manager
General Industrial Coatings Division
Performance Coatings Group

Karl J. Jorgenrud, 41
President & General Manager
Protective & Marine Division
Performance Coatings Group

Dennis H. Karnstein, 51
President & General Manager
Industrial Wood Coatings Division
Performance Coatings Group

Robert F. Lynch, 57
President & General Manager
Retail - North America
Consumer Brands Group

David B. Sewell, 49*
President
Performance Coatings Group

Samuel W. Shoemaker, 56
President & General Manager
Global Packaging, Coil, and Coatings
Resins & Colorants Division
Performance Coatings Group

Todd A. Stephenson, 48
President & General Manager
Mid Western Division
The Americas Group

Todd V. Wipf, 53
President & General Manager
Southeastern Division
The Americas Group

John G. Morikis, 54*
Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer

Allen J. Mistysyn, 49*
Senior Vice President - Finance
and Chief Financial Officer

Jane M. Cronin, 50*
Senior Vice President -
Corporate Controller

Mary L. Garceau, 45*
Senior Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary

Thomas P. Gilligan, 57*
Senior Vice President -
Human Resources

Sean P. Hennessy, 60*
Senior Vice President - Corporate
Planning, Development and
Administration

Robert J. Wells, 60*
Senior Vice President - Corporate
Communications and Public Affairs

Lawrence J. Boron, 59
Vice President - Taxes and
Assistant Secretary

John D. Hullibarger, 37
Vice President - Corporate Audit
and Loss Prevention

Jeffrey J. Miklich, 43
Vice President and Treasurer

Stephen J. Perisutti, 55
Vice President, Deputy General
Counsel and Assistant Secretary

Bryan J. Young, 42
Vice President - Corporate
Strategy & Development

* Executive Officer as defined by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

80

Board of
Directors

1.  CHRISTINE A. POON, 65*

6.  RICHARD J. KRAMER, 54*

Executive in Residence
The Max M. Fisher College of Business 
The Ohio State University 
Retired, former Vice Chairman 
Johnson & Johnson

2.  STEVEN H. WUNNING, 66

Retired, former Group President
Caterpillar Inc. 

3.  ARTHUR F. ANTON, 60*

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Swagelok Company

Chairman of the Board, 
Chief Executive Officer and President  
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company

7.  JOHN M. STROPKI, 67

Retired, former Chairman, President  
and Chief Executive Officer 
Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.

8.  DAVID F. HODNIK, 70

Retired, former President and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Ace Hardware Corporation

4.  MATTHEW THORNTON III, 59*

9.  SUSAN J. KROPF, 69

Senior Vice President, US Operations  
FedEx Express  
FedEx Corporation

Retired, former President and 
Chief Operating Officer 
Avon Products, Inc.

5.  JOHN G. MORIKIS, 54
Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer
The Sherwin-Williams Company

10.  MICHAEL H. THAMAN, 54
Chairman, President and Chief 
Executive Officer
Owens Corning

2

1

3

5

4

6

7

8

9

*Audit Committee Member

10

The Sherwin-Williams Company
101 W. Prospect Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44115-1075

www.sherwin-williams.com

