STAPLES 2016 ANNUAL REPORTStaples, Inc., 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702  |  508-253-5000  |  staples.com®Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy StatementFocus on the future.2016 Annual ReportPR05258Staples helps business customers succeed by providing a broad assortment of products, expanded business services and easy ways to shop — in stores, online, via mobile or through social apps. Staples Business Advantage®, the business-to-business division, caters to mid-market, commercial and enterprise-size customers by offering a one-source solution for the products and services they need, combined with best-in-class customer service, competitive pricing and a state-of-the-art eCommerce site. Headquartered outside of Boston, Staples, Inc. operates primarily in the United States and Canada, with additional operations in South America and Asia. More information about Staples (NASDAQ: SPLS)  is available at staples.com®. Corporate InformationCorporate OfficesStaples, Inc.500 Staples DriveFramingham, MA 01702Telephone: 508-253-5000Internet Address: staples.comTransfer Agent and Registrar Computershare is the Transfer Agent and Registrar   for the Staples, Inc. common stock and maintains   stockholder accounting records. Please contact   the Transfer Agent directly concerning changes in   address, name or ownership, lost certificates and   consolidation of multiple accounts. When corresponding   with the Transfer Agent, stockholders should reference   the exact name(s) in which the Staples stock is registered   as well as the certificate number.ComputershareP.O. Box 30170College Station, TX 77842-3170Telephone:Domestic Shareowners: 888-875-9002Foreign Shareowners: 201-680-6578Hearing Impaired:Domestic Shareowners: 800-231-5469Foreign Shareowners: 201-680-6610Internet Address:computershare.com/investorFinancial InformationTo request financial documents such as this Annual Report, which contains Staples’ Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, please visit Staples’ website, staples.com, call our toll-free investor hotline at 800-INV-SPL1 (800-468-7751), or send a written request to the attention of Investor Relations at Staples’ corporate address.Investor RelationsInvestor inquiries may be directed to:Christopher Powers,Vice President, Investor RelationsTelephone: 800-468-7751Email: investor@staples.comGeneral InformationMembers of the media or others seeking general information about Staples should contact the Corporate Communications Department at 508-253-8530.Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmErnst & Young LLP200 Clarendon StreetBoston, MA 02116DividendOn March 7, 2017, Staples, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend on Staples, Inc. common stock of $0.12 per share. On an annualized basis, the quarterly dividend is equal to $0.48 per share. The first quarter 2017 cash dividend was paid on April 13, 2017, to shareholders of record on March 24, 2017.Direct Stock Purchase Plan and Dividend ReinvestmentPurchase of Staples, Inc. common stock can be made through a Direct Stock Purchase Plan administered byComputershare. Dividends on Staples, Inc. common stock may be automatically invested in additional shares. Contact Computershare at 888-875-9002 for more information.Board of DirectorsDrew FaustPresident,Harvard UniversityCurtis FeenyManaging Director,Voyager CapitalPaul-Henri FerrandVice President,Google, Inc.Shira GoodmanChief Executive Officer,Staples, Inc. Deborah HenrettaSenior Advisor,SSA & Company and General AssemblyKunal KamlaniPresident,  ESL Investments, Inc.John LundgrenFormer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Carol MeyrowitzExecutive Chairman,The TJX Companies, Inc.Robert SulenticChairman,Staples, Inc.President and Chief Executive Officer,CBRE Group, Inc.Vijay VishwanathPartner,Bain & CompanyPaul WalshSenior Managing Director, Calera CapitalBusiness  focused.Future  
focused.

Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

At Staples, we take great pride  
in our ability to change.
In 1986, Tom Stemberg founded our company as a  
cash-and-carry retailer. Three years later, when business 
customers wanted the ease and convenience of having 
their office supplies delivered, we launched Staples Direct 
and transformed into a multichannel company. In 1998, 
when customers wanted the ease of shopping online,  
we launched staples.com ® and transformed into one of  
the largest eCommerce companies in the world. More  
recently, when customers wanted the ease of shopping 
Staples for categories beyond office supplies, we  
expanded into new products and services that now  
generate about half of our revenue. And yet for all of  
the change we’ve experienced over the years, the most 

important thing about our company has remained  
constant — our commitment to business customers and  
to evolving to meet their changing needs. Throughout  
our history we’ve always embraced change.

2016 was another year of significant change for our  
company. In May, we were disappointed to learn that  
the Federal Trade Commission’s request for preliminary  
injunction to block our acquisition of Office Depot was 
granted. We terminated the Office Depot merger  
agreement and immediately announced Staples ® 20/20,  
a new customer-centric strategic plan that builds on our 
greatest strengths and addresses our biggest challenges.  

Staples 20/20 is a transformational change of our strategy, 
our mindset and our operating model. It is a fundamental 
reshape of our company. We’re doubling down on  
Staples Business Advantage, our North American contract  
business, where we have solid momentum. At the same 
time, we’re focused on maximizing profitability and  
reducing risk in our underperforming businesses. We  
have four Staples 20/20 priorities:

1.  Accelerate growth in the mid-market contract  

business in North America. This is an $80 billion  
market opportunity, and today Staples has less than  
2 percent market share.  

2. Preserve profitability in North American retail stores.
3.  Take aggressive action to further reduce costs and  

drive efficiency across our organization.

4. Narrow our geographic focus to North America.

The strength of our strategic plan and our team were  
evident in the progress we made on Staples 20/20  
during the second half of 2016. We reorganized into two 
North American business units, North American Delivery 
and North American Retail, to reflect the distinct role of 
each of these businesses. We achieved steady mid-single-
digit growth in our mid-market contract business driven  
by double-digit growth in categories beyond office  
supplies. In North American Retail, we preserved  
profitability through solid improvement in customer  
conversion, growth in our print and marketing services 
business, and by evolving our promotional strategies. We 
reduced excess capacity by closing 48 stores in North 
America during 2016. This brings our total store closures 
to 358, or 19 percent of our chain, over the past five years. 
We generated $100 million of annualized pre-tax cost  
savings that was ahead of our goal for the year. We  

narrowed our focus on North America with the sale of  
our retail business in the United Kingdom, and in early 
2017 we sold a controlling interest in our remaining  
European operations and entered into an agreement  
to sell our businesses in Australia and New Zealand.  

This year, we will continue building on our momentum.  
We plan to invest more aggressively to accelerate  
mid-market growth through key initiatives like  
membership programs, digital lead generation, next- 
generation selling models, sharper pricing, expanded 
assortment and a more seamless online customer 
experience. We’ll preserve profitability in our retail stores 
through increased customer conversion, continued 
growth in our services businesses, and the reduction  
of excess capacity. We’ll fund some of our key growth  
investments with our cost-savings plan. And we’ll  
continue to return excess cash to our shareholders.

In closing I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers and 
shareholders for their continued confidence in Staples.  
I’d also like to thank our associates for their hard work, 
resilience and commitment to serving the diverse needs 
of business customers. 2016 was one of the most 
dynamic years in our company’s history. We embraced 
change. We got a lot done. And we’re in a great position 
to get back to sustainable sales and earnings growth. 
Together, we will transform Staples to be the one true 
partner to businesses of all sizes. Onward and upward  
to a terrific 2017!

Sincerely,

Shira Goodman
Chief Executive Officer
April 2017

  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF 

SHAREHOLDERS

Framingham, Massachusetts 
April 20, 2017

Dear Shareholders,

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Staples, Inc. will be held at the Teaneck Marriott at Glenpointe, 100 Frank W. Burr Boulevard, 
Teaneck, New Jersey, on June 12, 2017 at 4:00 p.m., local time, to consider and act upon the following matters:

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

 To elect ten members of the Board of Directors to hold office until the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or until their 
respective successors have been elected or appointed.

 To approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation.

 To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future executive compensation advisory votes.

To approve the Company’s Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive Plan.

 To ratify the selection by the Audit and Finance Committee of Ernst & Young LLP as Staples’ independent registered 
public accounting firm for the current fiscal year.

 To  transact  such  other  business  as  may  properly  come  before  the  meeting  or  any  adjournment  or  postponement 
thereof.

Shareholders of record at the close of business on April 17, 2017 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting or any 
adjournment or postponement thereof.

By order of the Board of Directors

Michael T. Williams 

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS

For the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 12, 2017

This proxy statement and our 2016 Annual Report are available for viewing, printing and downloading at 

www.proxyvote.com.

You may request a copy of the materials relating to our annual meeting, including the proxy statement, form of 

proxy card for our 2017 Annual Meeting and the 2016 Annual Report, at www.proxyvote.com, or by sending an email 

to our Investor Relations department at investor@staples.com or by calling (800) 468-7751.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  1 

 VOTING ROADMAP

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

All shareholders are cordially invited to attend the 2017 Annual 
Meeting in person.

Meeting Information

Admission

A  government-issued  photo  identification  such  as  a  driver’s 
license, state-issued ID card or passport, will be required to 
attend in person. Please note that if you are a beneficial owner, 
you will also need to bring a copy of a brokerage statement 
reflecting  your  stock  ownership  in  Staples  as  of  the  record 
date to be allowed into the meeting.

Date
June 12, 2017

Time
4:00 p.m., local time

Location
Teaneck Marriott at Glenpointe  
100 Frank W. Burr Boulevard, Teaneck, New Jersey

How To Vote

Advance Voting Methods

Internet

Board 
Recommendation
FOR each 
director nominee

Further 
Information 
(page)
18

www.proxyvote.com

Toll-free Telephone

Mail

1-800-690-6903

Follow  instructions  on  your 
voting form

FOR

Frequency of  
1 YEAR

FOR

FOR

56

56

57

60

Voting Matters

Item
(1)  To  elect  ten  members  of  the 
Board  of  Directors  to  hold 
office  until  the  2018  Annual 
of  Shareholders 
Meeting 
or  until 
their 
respective 
successors have been elected 
or appointed.

(2)  To  approve,  on  an  advisory 
basis, named executive officer 
compensation.

(3)  To  hold  an  advisory  vote 
on  the  frequency  of  future 
executive 
compensation 
advisory votes.

(4)  To  approve  the  Company’s 
and  Restated 
Incentive 

Amended 
Executive  Officer 
Plan.

(5)  To  ratify  the  selection  by  the 
Audit and Finance Committee of 
Ernst & Young LLP as Staples’ 
independent  registered  public 
accounting firm for the current 
fiscal year.

Our Annual Meeting Website

Staples 2017 Annual Meeting materials are available in one place at www.staplesannualmeeting.com. There, 
you can download electronic copies of our Proxy Statement and 2016 Annual Report, and use the link to vote.

Scan this QR code with your mobile device to access our 2017 Annual Meeting website.

2  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY

This summary highlights certain information that is covered elsewhere in the Proxy Statement. You are encouraged to read our 
complete Proxy Statement before voting.

DIRECTOR NOMINEE HIGHLIGHTS

Name, Primary Occupation
Drew Faust
President, Harvard University
Curtis Feeny
Managing Director, Voyager Capital
Paul-Henri Ferrand
Vice President, Google, Inc.
Shira Goodman
CEO, Staples, Inc.
Deborah Henretta
Senior Advisor, SSA & Company and General Assembly
Kunal Kamlani
President, ESL Investments, Inc.
John Lundgren
Former Chairman and CEO, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Robert Sulentic
President and CEO, CBRE Group, Inc.
Vijay Vishwanath
Partner, Bain & Company
Paul Walsh
Senior Managing Director, Calera Capital

Developing an Effective Board

Age

Independent

Director 
since

Other Public 
Company Boards

69

59

53

56

55

44

65

60

57

67

YES

YES

YES

NO

YES

YES

YES

YES

YES

YES

2012

2016

2015

2016

2016

2015

2016

2007

2007

1990

—

1

—

1

3

1

1

1

—

—

The Staples Board of Directors (the “Board”) has strong governance practices and is dedicated to continuous improvement. We 
seek  to  achieve  an  effective  balance  of  relevant  skills,  experience,  qualifications  and  personal  qualities  in  Board  composition, 
and have significantly refreshed our Board in the past two years. Our priority is to bring areas of expertise together in the Staples 
boardroom for the benefit of Staples and the creation of sustainable long-term shareholder value. We seek to ensure that the 
Board and its committees are high-functioning, including through annual rigorous Board and committee evaluations.

Relevant Skills
Our  Board  nominees  bring  together  extensive  experience  in  e-commerce/marketing, 
M&A  /  integrations,  retail,  international  operations,  strategy  and  other  areas.  See  page  18 
for  an  overview  of  the  Board’s  experience  as  a  whole,  and  individual  director  biographies 
beginning on page 19, to learn more about our nominees’ respective skills and qualifications.
Experience
Our  Board  nominees  have  broad  leadership  experience  serving  in  senior  roles  in 
corporations, academia and on public and private boards.
Personal Qualities
Our Board nominees exhibit high integrity, self-awareness, respect, independence of mind, 
and have the capacity to function effectively in challenging situations.
Diversity
Our Board nominees bring diversity in its broadest sense – not merely diversity of background 
and skills, but also diversity of age, gender, and ethnicity to offer and understand multiple 
perspectives.

Director Tenure Balance
Over 10 years: 1

Less than
5 years: 6

5 to 10 years: 3

Board Independence
Executive: 1

Independent: 9

Independent 

Executive 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  3 

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY

BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
DEVELOPMENTS

The Staples Board is committed to highly effective corporate governance that is responsive to shareholders, and on seeing to it 
that the Company delivers on its strategy.

Shareholder Outreach

For many years, Staples has conducted a formal shareholder 
outreach  program  to  listen  to  investor  perspectives  on 
corporate governance, our executive compensation program, 
sustainability  and  other  matters.  Twice  yearly,  we  formally 
solicit  feedback  from  institutional  investors  including  asset 
managers, public and labor union pension funds, and social 

responsibility investors. In 2016, we engaged in constructive 
dialogues  over  the  course  of  the  year  with  shareholders 
representing  approximately  40%  of  our  shares  outstanding, 
and  with  proxy  advisory  firms,  with  direct  involvement  from 
two of our directors.

Timeline of Selected Corporate Governance Events

2017 >

2016 >

2015 >

2013 >

2012 >

2009 >
2008 >

2007 >

Threshold to call special shareholder meeting reduced from 25% to 15% of outstanding shares
Elected an independent Chairman of the Board, in line with our Independent Chair Policy
Executive Compensation – In response to shareholder feedback, changed the award structure for our performance share 
awards to three-year cumulative goals instead of annual performance goals over a three-year period. In connection with 
this change, adjusted the long-term incentive pay mix to be 2/3 performance share awards, and 1/3 restricted stock unit 
awards that vest over three years, to bring us in line with market practice and facilitate recruitment and retention
Implemented proxy access at 3%/3 years, through a by-law amendment to allow shareholder director nominations
Adopted  a  formal  severance  policy  to  limit  executive  severance  to  2.99  times  base  salary  plus  target  annual  cash 
incentive award. The policy does not include equity awards
Adopted Independent Chair Policy to require that we have an independent Chair of the Board, whenever possible
Restructured our executive compensation program to increase performance-based elements in response to shareholder 
feedback on compensation and to strengthen alignment with reinvention strategy
Shareholder right to act by written consent implemented
Enhanced transparency on political contributions and government activities
Shareholder right to call special meetings implemented with 25% threshold
Adopted a majority vote standard for the election of directors with a plurality carve-out for contested elections
Eliminated supermajority vote requirement for mergers and other matters from company charter
Declassified board to establish annual elections of all directors

Additional corporate governance features are highlighted beginning on page 8 of this proxy statement.

4  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARYPROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY HIGHLIGHTS

Staples recognizes the close connection between our success and our ability to make a positive impact on society, our associates 
and  the  planet.  Giving  back  to  communities,  embracing  a  culture  of  diversity  and  inclusion,  sustaining  the  environment,  and 
practicing sound ethics aren’t just the right thing to do. These efforts help make us an employer and neighbor of choice, differentiate 
our brand, and support profitable and responsible growth. For more information, visit www.staples.com/responsibility.

Community

Diversity & Inclusion

•  Enabling  associates  globally 

to 
organizations  they  care  about  through  the  2  Million  & 
Change grant program

to  direct 

funds 

•  Helping  communities  impacted  by  disasters,  including 
support through Staples Emergency Education Fund with 
Save the Children

•  Supporting associate participation in community volunteer 

activities

•  Inspiring  customers  to  donate  through  cause  marketing 

and disaster relief campaigns

•  Focusing  on  building  an  inclusive  and  diverse,  high-
performing  workforce  that  reflects  all  segments  of  our 
society

•  Emphasizing  a  culture  that  empowers  associates  and 

encourages collaboration, flexibility and fairness 

•  Leveraging  Associate  Resource  Groups  to  promote  our 
Employer  of  Choice  strategy,  create  awareness  and 
increase business value 

•  Increasing  the  number  of  diverse  companies  we  work 
with  and  expanding  our  product  portfolio  from  diverse 
businesses

Environment

Ethics

•  Aligning our efforts with global sustainability strategy and 
20/20 performance goals to benefit the environment, our 
customers and our business 

•  Offering  customers  eco-responsible  products  and 
providing free recycling and other environmental services 
footprint  by 
increasing  energy  efficiency  and  renewable  energy  use, 
and eliminating waste

•  Improving  operational  environmental 

•  Supporting  our  culture  of  high  integrity  by  continually 
promoting  our  Code  of  Conduct  and  Ethics  and 
Compliance Program

•  Training associates to ensure familiarity with relevant laws 

and company policies 

•  Auditing suppliers of own brand products for adherence to 
our Supplier Code of Conduct to support ethical sourcing 
practices

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

In May 2016, we launched our Staples 20/20 strategic plan with four key priorities to transform Staples and get our company back 
to sustainable sales and earnings growth. The Compensation Committee of the Board sets rigorous financial metrics tied directly 
to the success of our strategy and the creation of long-term shareholder value.

For  more  information  about  our  strategy  and  2016  highlights,  see  “Business  Overview”  in  the  “CD&A”  section  of  this 
proxy statement.

We are committed to an executive compensation program that is consistent with current best practices:

Things We Do

Things We Don’t Do

• No employment agreements 
•  No excise tax gross-ups in executive severance 

agreements 

• No pension plan
• No private plane
• Minimal executive perquisites

• Strong alignment of pay and performance 
• 89% of CEO compensation is “at risk” 
• Both short- and long-term programs include performance goals 
•  Rigorous, objective financial metrics on annual and performance-
based long-term awards that are closely tied to business strategy 

• Cumulative three-year goals in the long-term incentive program
•  3-year  relative  TSR  modifier  in  performance-based  long–term 

awards 

•  Strong stock ownership guidelines (5x salary for CEO, up to 4x 

for other NEOs) 

•  Double  trigger  change  in  control  provisions  in  severance 

agreements 

•  Policy requiring shareholder approval for executive severance in 

excess of certain limits 

• Clawback policy 
• Anti-hedging policy 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  5 

APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF NAMED 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION (ITEM 2 ON 
THE PROXY CARD)

ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF FUTURE 
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ADVISORY VOTES 
(ITEM 3 ON THE PROXY CARD)

APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN (ITEM 4 ON THE 
PROXY CARD)

RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT 
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (ITEM 5 ON 
THE PROXY CARD)
Report of the Audit and Finance Committee of the 
Board of Directors
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Fees

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, 
VOTING AND OTHER SHAREHOLDERS MATTERS

page

56

56

57

60

60
61

62

64

APPENDIX A: AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN

A-1

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Highlights
Director Independence
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
Board Leadership Structure
Meetings and Committees of Our Board
Risk Oversight by the Board of Directors
Strategy
Diversity
Sustainability
Evaluation
Director Candidates
Communicating with Our Board

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE 
PROXY CARD)
Director Biographies

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
2016 Compensation
Outstanding Director Awards

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION 
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Executive Summary
2016 Compensation Program
Compensation Process
Other Matters
Compensation Committee Report
Executive Compensation Tables
Equity Compensation Plan Information at 2016 Fiscal Year End
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

page

8
8
9
10
11
11
14
15
15
16
16
16
17

18
19

24
24
26

27
27
34
40
42
44
45
55
55
55

6  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

STAPLES, INC. 
500 Staples Drive 

Framingham, Massachusetts 01702

For the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on June 12, 2017

PROXY STATEMENT 

This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (“Board”) of Staples, Inc. 
(“we,” “us,” “Staples” or the “Company”) for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“2017 Annual Meeting” or the “Annual 
Meeting”) to be held on June 12, 2017 beginning at 4:00 p.m., local time, at the Teaneck Marriott at Glenpointe, 100 Frank W. 
Burr Boulevard, Teaneck, New Jersey and at any adjournment or postponement of that meeting. On or about April 28, 2017, 
we are mailing these proxy materials together with an annual report, consisting of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended January 28, 2017 (the “2016 fiscal year”) and other information required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “2016 Annual Report”).

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  7 

 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

HIGHLIGHTS

We are committed to leading corporate governance practices 
that  are  in  the  best  interests  of  our  business  and  all  of  our 
shareholders. For example, we have:

• Developed a successful shareholder outreach program. 

•  Demonstrated a consistent track record of listening and 

responding thoughtfully to feedback. 

Shareholder Outreach Program

We  have  conducted  a 
formal  corporate  governance 
outreach  program  for  many  years.  We  solicit  feedback  from 
our  institutional  investors  regularly,  including  from  asset 
managers,  public  and  labor  union  pension  funds  and  allied 
organizations  and  social  responsibility  investors.  We  seek 
to  hear  perspectives  on  various  governance  matters,  our 
executive  compensation  program,  sustainability  and  other 
matters.  Consistent  with  prior  practice,  during  the  last  year, 
we  engaged  in  constructive  dialogues  with  shareholders 
representing  approximately  40%  of  our  outstanding  shares. 
The  Chair  of  our  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance 
Committee  and  Chair  of  our  Compensation  Committee 
participated in the outreach program and heard directly from 
some of our shareholders and proxy advisory firms. We share 
the feedback we receive with our Nominating and Corporate 
Governance  Committee  and  Compensation  Committee,  as 
well as with the entire Board.

Recent Corporate Governance 
Enhancements

In  response  to  feedback  from  our  shareholders,  our  Board 
made the following corporate governance enhancements over 
the last year:

Reduced Threshold to Call Special Shareholder Meeting – 
At our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, a majority of our 
shareholders  voted  for  a  shareholder  proposal  to  reduce  the 
percentage  of  outstanding  stock  required  for  shareholders  to 
call a special meeting from 25% to 15%. We reached out to 
our shareholders in the fall of 2016 to hear their feedback on 
the proposal. In response to the shareholder vote and related 
feedback,  we  amended  our  by-laws  to  reduce  the  threshold 
from 25% to 15%.

•  Pro-actively  adopted  many 

important  governance 
initiatives, such as majority voting, an enhanced political 
contributions policy, a compensation recoupment policy 
and our commitments to ethics, community and giving, 
the environment and diversity and inclusion.

Elected  Independent  Chair  of  the  Board  –  We  have  a 
policy  to  require  that  we  have  an  independent  Chair  of  the 
Board  whenever  possible,  which  would  apply  once  Ronald 
Sargent, our former Chairman and CEO, retired or no longer 
served as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Sargent left at the end 
of the 2016 fiscal year and our Board elected Robert Sulentic, 
our then-serving Independent Lead Director, as Independent 
Chairman of the Board.

Executive  Compensation  –  We 
received  positive 
shareholder  feedback  in  2016  for  our  recent  enhancements 
to our executive compensation program. In particular in 2016: 

•  We  implemented  3-year  cumulative  goals  in  our  long-
term incentive program in direct response to shareholder 
feedback.  At  the  same  time  we  introduced  restricted 
stock units vesting over three years as 1/3 of our long-
term  incentive  pay  mix  to  bring  us  in  line  with  market 
practice and facilitate recruitment and retention.

•  We set our new CEO’s total target compensation at the 
25th percentile of our peer group companies, with the long-
term  incentive  arrangement  to  be  100%  performance-
based. 

For more information about shareholder outreach with respect 
to  compensation  matters,  see  the  “CD&A”  section  of  this 
proxy statement.

8  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

You can learn more about our current corporate governance 
program  and  review  our  Corporate  Governance  Guidelines 
(“Guidelines”),  committee  charters,  Corporate  Political 
Contributions and Government Activity Policy Statement, Code 
of  Conduct  and  other  significant  policies  at  http://investor.
staples.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=96244&p=irol-govhighlights. 
The  information  at  such  website  and  the  other  websites 

mentioned  in  this  proxy  statement  is  not  incorporated  by 
reference herein. We also recognize that corporate governance 
is  not  static,  and  we  continue  to  evaluate  our  policies  and 
practices to meet ongoing developments in this area. Some 
highlights of our corporate governance policies and practices 
are set forth below.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Shareholder Rights

Board Features

Other Features

• Proxy Access (3%/3 years)
• Annual election of directors 
• Majority voting in uncontested director elections 
• No rights plan without shareholder approval 
• No supermajority voting requirements
• Shareholders can call special meetings (15% ownership threshold) 
• Shareholders can act by majority written consent 
• All independent directors (other than CEO)
• Diverse board 
• Independent Board Chair, in line with Independent Chair policy
• Annual CEO evaluation by independent directors 
• Robust annual board self-evaluation and succession planning process 
• Transparent reporting of political contributions and lobbying and trade association activities
• Recognized leader in sustainability matters 
• Responsible ethical sourcing program

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Our  Board  of  Directors,  in  consultation  with  our  Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee, determines which of 
our  directors  are  independent.  Our  Guidelines  provide  that 
directors  are  “independent”  if  they  (1)  meet  the  definition  of 
“independent  director”  under  the  NASDAQ  listing  standards 
and (2) in our Board’s judgment, do not have a relationship with 
Staples that would interfere with the exercise of independent 
judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. Our Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the 
independence standards in our Guidelines and recommends 
changes as appropriate.

In accordance with our Guidelines, our Board has determined 
that all of our directors and nominees are independent except 
Ms. Goodman, who is our CEO. In determining independence, 
our  Board  considered  all  the  available  relevant  facts  and 
circumstances, including the following:

•  We  have  not  employed  or  otherwise  compensated  any 
family  members  (within  the  meaning  of  the  NASDAQ 
listing standards) of the independent directors during the 
past three years. 

•  None  of  the  independent  directors  or  their  family 
members is a partner of our independent registered public 
accounting firm or was a partner or employee of such firm 
who worked on our audit during the past three years. 

•  None  of  our  executive  officers  is  on  the  compensation 
committee  of  the  board  of  directors  of  a  company  that 
has  employed  any  of  the  independent  directors  or  their 
family members during the past three years. 

•  No family relationships exist between any of our directors 

or executive officers. 

•  Neither we nor any subsidiary has employed or otherwise 
compensated  the  independent  directors  other  than  for 
service on our Board and its committees during the past 
three years. 

•  During  the  past  three  years,  none  of  our  directors  or 
executive  officers  has  had  a  material  direct  or  indirect 
business  relationship  with  us  or  engaged  in  a  “related 
party transaction” as described below.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  9 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS

Our written Code of Conduct sets forth the general principle 
that  our  directors,  executive  officers  and  other  associates 
should  avoid  any  situation  that  could  be  perceived  as  a 
conflict  of  interest,  regardless  of  the  dollar  amount  involved. 
This  principle  is  also  reflected  in  our  written  Guidelines  and 
the  written  materials  that  we  use  to  educate  associates 
about conflicts of interest. For example, under the Guidelines, 
if  an  actual  or  potential  conflict  of  interest  develops  for  any 
reason, including, without limitation, because of a change in 
business operations of the Company or because of a director’s 
circumstances,  the  director  should  immediately  report  the 
matter  to  our  General  Counsel,  who  should  then  report 
the  matter  to  the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance 
Committee for review and determination. In the event there is 
a significant conflict, the director should resign or the conflict 
must  be  resolved.  Additionally,  under  the  Guidelines,  any 
director who wishes to join the board of directors of another 
company must provide written notice to the chairperson of the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The chair 
of  the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee, 
after  consultation  with  our  General  Counsel,  will  then 
respond  to  the  director  with  a  resolution.  We  also  ask  each 
of our executive officers and directors to fill out questionnaires 
every year to help enable us to identify if a potential conflict 
of  interest  exists.  Our  Code  of  Conduct,  Guidelines  and  the 
charters for all the committees of our Board are available at 
www.staples.com in the Corporate Governance section of the 
Investor Information webpage.

The  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  is 
responsible  for  reviewing,  approving  or  ratifying  any  related 
party  transactions.  We  define  “related  party  transactions” 
as  transactions  with  a  value  of  more  than  $120,000  and  in 
which (i) Staples and any of our directors, director nominees, 
executive  officers,  5%  shareholders  and  their  immediate 
family  members  are  participants,  and  (ii)  such  participants 
have  a  direct  or  indirect  material  interest.  In  the  course  of 
reviewing whether or not the participants should be deemed 
to  have  a  direct  or  indirect  material  interest,  the  Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the presence 
of  standard  prices,  rates,  or  terms  consistent  with  arms-
length dealings with unrelated third parties; the materiality of 
the  transaction  to  each  party;  the  reasons  for  entering  into 
the transaction; the potential effect of the transaction on the 
status of an independent director; and any other factors the 
Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  deems 
relevant.  If  a  transaction  is  deemed  to  be  a  related  party 
transaction, the procedures for approval or ratification of such 
a transaction are the same as for actual or potential conflicts of 
interests involving directors and are set forth in the Guidelines.

For fiscal year 2016:

• We had no related-party transactions. 

•  There were no transactions that affected our directors’ 

independence. 

•  There  were  no  violations  or  waivers  of  our  Code  of 
Conduct with respect to our directors or executive officers. 

In an effort to provide greater transparency to our shareholders, 
we provide the following additional information about sales of 
office  supply  products  or  related  services,  such  as  copying, 
branding  of  promotional  products  or  technology  services, 

10  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

to  companies  or  organizations  affiliated  with  our  current 
independent directors. All transactions reported with director-
affiliated companies were in the ordinary course of business, 
without  involvement  of  the  director  and  on  arm’s  length 
business terms. Below is a list of companies and institutions 
with  which  our  current  independent  directors  were  affiliated 
in fiscal year 2016 and from which we received greater than 
$120,000 for providing our supplies or services:

• Bain & Company

• Briad Group

• BritishAmerican Business

• Bryn Mawr College

• CBRE Group, Inc.

• Corning, Inc.

• F.C. Stone

• Google, Inc.

• Joslin Diabetes Center

• Meritage Homes

• Schnitzer Steel Industries

• Sears Holdings Corporation

• TJX Companies, Inc.

• University of Washington

The amounts received by us in fiscal year 2016 for the sale of 
office supplies and related services to these companies range 
from approximately $127,000 to approximately $24.9 million 
and  the  median  amount  received  from  such  sales  was 
approximately  $590,000.  In  each  case,  the  amount  was 
immaterial to both Staples and the company purchasing the 
goods  and  services.  The  largest  amount  of  approximately 
$24.9 million represents approximately 0.001% of our revenues 
based  on  sales  for  the  fiscal  year  ended  January  28,  2017 
of  approximately  $18.2  billion.  The  largest  amount  includes 
approximately  $22  million  of  purchases  under  a  global 
corporate service agreement that benefited and provided for 
purchases by third parties.

In  addition,  in  2016  we  paid  approximately  $70  million  to 
Google, Inc. for marketing, IT services and products that we 
purchase for re-sale. We also purchased products and services 
from CBRE Group, Inc. and Rochester Institute of Technology 
for approximately $4.3 million and $257,000, respectively.

In all instances, whether we provided or received the products 
or  services,  no  director  or  executive  officer  had  a  direct  or 
indirect  material  interest  in  the  transaction.  The  Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee determined that none 
of  these  transactions  were  “related  party  transactions”  and 
that  such  transactions  would  not  interfere  with  the  exercise 
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of 
a director.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE

Our  Board  of  Directors  determines  its  leadership  structure 
annually based on a recommendation of the Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee. In January 2017, Ronald 
Sargent  retired  as  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  we  elected 
Robert Sulentic, our then-serving Independent Lead Director, 
as  Independent  Chairman  of  the  Board,  in  accordance  with 
our  policy  to  require  that  we  have  an  independent  Chair  of 
the  Board  whenever  possible.  The  Board  believes  that  its 
current  leadership  structure  assures  the  appropriate  level 
of  management  oversight  and  independence,  and  that 
Mr. Sulentic’s election as Independent Chairman will serve to 
enhance the role he played as Independent Lead Director.

Our Independent Chairman has the following responsibilities:

• Authority to call meetings of independent directors. 

•  Presides at all meetings of the Board, including executive 

sessions of the independent directors. 

•  Assures  that  meetings  with  the  independent  directors 
are held in executive sessions, typically after every Board 
meeting, but in all circumstances at least twice a year. 

•  Provides leadership to the Board, including in the event 

of a crisis. 

•  Facilitates  communications  and  serves  as  a  liaison 

between independent directors and the CEO. 

•  Collaborates with the CEO to prepare the agenda for each 
board meeting and approves the schedules, agendas and 
information provided to the Board for each meeting. 

• Coordinates the annual performance review of the CEO. 

•  Serves as representative of the independent directors for 
consultation and direct communication, if requested by a 
major shareholder. 

•  Authority to retain independent advisors on behalf of the 

Board. 

•  Works  with  the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance 
Committee on matters relating to corporate governance, 
Board performance and succession planning. 

MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF OUR BOARD

Our Board of Directors held a total of eleven meetings during 
our 2016 fiscal year. The number of meetings held by each of 
the committees of our Board during our 2016 fiscal year is set 
forth below under the description of each committee. During 
our 2016 fiscal year, all of the directors attended at least 75% 
of the aggregate number of Board meetings and meetings of 
committees on which they served. Our Guidelines provide that 
directors are encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting, and 
all of our current directors attended last year’s annual meeting.

In  2016,  the  Board  also  formed  an  Ad  Hoc  Committee  to 
assist the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
by  overseeing  CEO  succession  planning,  and  considering 
internal and external candidates for the position. Drew Faust 
chaired the Ad Hoc Committee, whose other members were 
Kunal  Kamlani  and  Carol  Meyrowitz.  From  March  2016  to 
September  2016,  when  we  announced  the  appointment  of 
Shira  Goodman  as  our  new,  permanent  CEO,  the  Ad  Hoc 
Committee met 15 times.

Our Board has four standing committees: the Audit and Finance 
Committee,  the  Compensation  Committee,  the  Nominating 
and  Corporate  Governance  Committee,  and  the  Executive 
Committee.  In  June  2016,  we  combined  our  separate 
Finance Committee (which met twice in 2016) with the Audit 
Committee  to  form  the  Audit  and  Finance  Committee.  The 
Chair of each committee, as a matter of regular practice and 
to the extent possible, reviews committee meeting materials 
with  management  in  advance  of  each  Board  committee 
meeting.  Each  of  our  standing  Board  committees  operates 
under a written charter adopted by our Board, a copy of which 
is available at www.staples.com in the Corporate Governance 
section of the Investor Information webpage.

Our  Executive  Committee  did  not  meet  in  2016.  Robert 
Sulentic,  our  independent  Chairman,  chairs  the  Executive 
Committee,  whose  other  members  are  Curtis  Feeny,  Shira 
Goodman, Paul Walsh and Vijay Vishwanath, our CEO and the 
Chairs of our other standing Board committees. The Executive 
Committee is authorized to exercise all of the powers of our 
Board in the management and affairs of Staples, with certain 
exceptions. A quorum can be established by the presence of 
a majority of the members of the Executive Committee. It is 
intended  that  the  Executive  Committee  will  take  action  only 
when reasonably necessary to expedite our interests between 
regularly  scheduled  Board  meetings,  and  shall  report  to  the 
full Board as soon as practicable following any actions taken.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  11 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Audit and Finance Committee

“The Audit and Finance Committee’s focus on risk 
management is a critical element of guiding the Company 
through its strategic transformation.”

Introduction
The Audit and Finance Committee meets separately with our independent registered public 
accounting firm, management and our internal auditors. The members of the Audit and Finance 
Committee are independent directors, as defined by its charter and the rules of the SEC and 
NASDAQ Stock Market.
Key Objective
The Audit and Finance Committee assists our Board in overseeing our accounting and financial 
reporting processes, the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and 
regulatory requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and 
independence, and the performance of audits by our internal audit team and our independent 
registered public accounting firm. The Audit and Finance Committee also assists in overseeing our 
capital structure and related policies, including our financings and uses of capital.
Further Areas of Responsibility
3 Oversees our internal controls, including our disclosure controls and procedures and internal 
control over financial reporting, on behalf of the Board.
3 Assists the Board in its oversight of our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment 
and risk oversight, including discussing and approving the risk management framework used in the 
Company’s enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program.
3 Reviews and discusses risk related to technology and cybersecurity and reviews and oversees our 
response to significant data security incidents.
3 Establishes escalation and oversight procedures for the treatment of complaints regarding 
accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, including procedures for confidential 
and anonymous submission by our associates of concerns regarding questionable accounting, 
internal accounting controls or auditing matters.
3 Monitors the function of our ethics program, including compliance with our Code of Ethics.
3 Prepares the Audit and Finance Committee Report required under the rules of the SEC.
3 Reviews financial transactions, entry into swaps, dividend policy, hedging policy and share 
repurchase program.
2016 Highlights
The 2016 Report of the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors is included in 
the Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm section of this 
proxy statement. In 2016, in connection with its quarterly earnings review, the Audit and Finance 
Committee focused on our 20/20 strategy and the related estimates, charges and guidance. As part 
of the ERM process, the Committee continued its oversight of the Company’s information security 
enhancements being implemented by the Global Technology team. The Committee also provided 
oversight of management in connection with its quarterly review of our internal controls. In addition, 
the Committee played an integral role in overseeing the renewal of our revolving credit facility, as well 
as the execution of a definitive agreement for divestiture of our European business operations, and 
other merger and acquisition activity in 2016. 

Curtis Feeny*
Chairperson

Other Committee 
Members 
Paul-Henri Ferrand 
Kunal Kamlani* 
John Lundgren*

 

 

Meetings in 2016 
4 in person, 7 
telephonic

*  Audit committee 
financial expert 
under the rules of 
the SEC

12  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Compensation Committee

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Paul Walsh
Chairperson

Other Committee 
Members 
Deborah Henretta 
Carol Meyrowitz

Meetings in 2016 
4 in person, 2 
telephonic

“Our executive compensation policies are designed to be 
tightly linked to performance and the creation of long-term 
value for our shareholders. We have a track record of soliciting 
and responding to investor feedback as evidenced by 
changes to our compensation program in recent years.”

Introduction

The members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors, as defined by its charter 
and the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ Stock Market. For more information about the responsibilities 
of our Compensation Committee, see the “CD&A” section of this proxy statement.

Key Objective

The Compensation Committee’s responsibilities include recommending to the Board our 
compensation philosophy and policies for senior management and aligning our compensation with 
business objectives, individual performance and the interests of our shareholders. The Compensation 
Committee sets the compensation levels of executive officers, including our CEO, establishes and 
administers our equity and cash incentive plans and authorizes awards under such incentive plans.

Further Areas of Responsibility

3 Establishes and oversees the administration of our employee stock purchase plans, retirement 
plans and other employee benefit plans (other than ERISA-governed broad-based benefit plans 
where administration is otherwise provided in the governing plan document).
3 Oversees risks associated with the company’s compensation policies and practices and evaluates 
the compensation program to help ensure that it does not encourage excessive risk-taking.
3 Reviews and makes recommendations with respect to non-management Board compensation. 
3 Administers our clawback policy.
3 Prepares the Compensation Committee Report required under the rules of the SEC. 
2016 Highlights

The 2016 Compensation Committee Report is included in the Compensation Committee Report 
section of this proxy statement. In addition, in 2016, the Compensation Committee conducted 
its annual pay for performance alignment analysis, peer benchmarking and risk assessment. In 
response to shareholder feedback, the Compensation Committee dedicated significant time to 
implementing cumulative 3-year goals in our long-term incentive program in 2016, that are tied to 
our 20/20 strategy and the creation of long-term shareholder value. In 2016, the Compensation 
Committee also engaged in a detailed analysis of our new CEO’s compensation package to ensure 
alignment with shareholder interests.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  13 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Vijay Vishwanath
Chairperson

Other Committee 
Members 
Drew Faust 
Robert Sulentic

Meetings in 2016 
4 in person, 1 
telephonic

“Our top priority is to align the skills and experience of our 
directors and our Board leadership structure to support our 
strategic reinvention and the best interests of shareholders 
over the long-term.”

Introduction

The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent directors, 
as defined by its charter and the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market.

Key Objective

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s responsibilities include providing 
recommendations to our Board regarding leadership structure, nominees for director, membership 
on our Board committees, and succession matters for our CEO. An additional function of the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to develop and recommend to our Board our 
Corporate Governance Guidelines and to assist our Board in complying with them.

Further Areas of Responsibility

3 Oversees the self-evaluation of our Board and committees to assess whether they are functioning 
effectively.

3 Coordinates the formal evaluation of our Chairman, the CEO and other specified officers.

3 Reviews and resolves conflict of interest situations and related party transactions.

3 Oversees our political contributions and recommends to our Board any proposed revisions to our 
Corporate Political Contributions Policy Statement.

2016 Highlights

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee spent significant time in 2016 managing 
board succession planning and the recruitment process for the three new directors elected 
in 2016. The Committee considered the overall diversity of our Board and met to discuss the 
qualifications, feedback, references and other items regarding these directors, and other potential 
director candidates. The Committee also coordinated with the Ad Hoc Committee with respect 
to CEO succession. In addition, the Committee focused on investor feedback and developing 
responsive strategies to benefit all of the shareholders, as well as ways to enhance our director 
education practices.

RISK OVERSIGHT BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Our Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for reviewing 
and approving our risk management strategy and framework 
and key risk parameters. In terms of overseeing the broader 
ERM  program,  the  Audit  and  Finance  Committee,  under 
powers delegated by the Board, is responsible for the review 
and approval of our risk management framework and ensuring 
that  appropriate  policies  and  practices  are  in  place  for  risk 
assessment  and  management,  including  that  all  risk  areas 
are being monitored by senior management, reported to the 
Board or appropriate Board committee by senior management 
and addressed as needed. The Audit and Finance Committee 
also  provides  oversight  with  respect  to  risks  relating  to  the 
Company’s  accounting  and  financial  reporting  processes, 

the  integrity  of  the  Company’s  financial  statements,  and 
cybersecurity,  including  our  response  to  significant  data 
security incidents. At each quarterly Board meeting, the Audit 
and  Finance  Committee  reports  to  the  Board  on  all  of  its 
specific activities.

Our most senior executives are responsible for collaborating 
with  the  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  to  provide  oversight 
of  the  risk  management  process  and  prioritize  and  validate 
key risks. Management is then responsible for implementing 
the Board and Board committee approved risk management 
strategy and for developing policies, controls, processes and 
procedures to identify and manage risks.

14  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Senior members of management make up our Enterprise Risk 
Committee,  which  meets  regularly  to  coordinate  information 
sharing and mitigation efforts for all types of risks. The Audit 
and  Finance  Committee  stays  apprised  of  significant  actual 
and  potential  risks  faced  by  Staples  and  the  effectiveness 
of  its  risk  assessment  and  management  process  in  part 
through detailed presentations at least twice a year from the 
Vice  President  of  Internal  Audit  as  the  representative  of  the 
Enterprise Risk Committee. In 2016, management presented 
to the Audit and Finance Committee the results of its enterprise 
wide review of the major financial, operational and legal risks 
facing  the  company.  For  the  most  important  risks,  the  CFO 
and Vice President of Internal Audit presented their mitigation 
strategies,  which  had  been  reviewed  by  the  Enterprise  Risk 
Committee.  Management  also  reviewed  with  the  Audit  and 
Finance Committee its ERM methodologies for identifying and 
prioritizing financial, operational and legal risks and discussed 
the top level risks and related risk management.

In  2016,  as  part  of  the  ERM  process,  significant  attention 
was  given  to  implementation  of  the  Company’s  information 
security strategy. The Audit and Finance Committee provides 
oversight  to  management  with  respect  to  network  security 
enhancements  and  other  projects  underway  by  the  Global 
Technology team.

Independent of the enterprise risk management process, the 
Audit  and  Finance  Committee  is  made  aware  of  risks  as  a 
result of being briefed in person regularly by our Vice President 
of  Internal  Audit,  as  well  as  an  annual  briefing  and  quarterly 
reports by our Director of Global Compliance on compliance 
and  ethics  matters.  These  reports  also  are  provided  to 
the  Board.  The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  also  meets 
regularly  with  the  General  Counsel  and  at  least  quarterly,  in 
executive  session,  alone  with  the  Vice  President  of  Internal 
Audit. The Audit and Finance Committee uses the results of 

STRATEGY

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

its  discussions  with  our  Vice  President  of  Internal  Audit  to 
inform its overall view of risk and approve the proposed audit 
schedule for the internal audit group. Our internal audit group 
identifies,  assesses  and  assists  management  in  addressing 
and  managing  risks  by  using  the  Integrated  Framework  by 
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (2013), also known as the COSO framework.

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  administers  its  risk 
oversight  role  through  the  Board  committee  structure  as 
well.  Each  Board  committee  is  responsible  for  monitoring 
and  reporting  on  the  material  risks  associated  with  its 
respective  subject  matter  areas  of  responsibility.  The  Audit 
and  Finance  Committee  oversees  risks  related  to  our 
accounting  and  financial  reporting  processes,  the  integrity 
of  our  financial  statements,  capital  policies  and  practices, 
and  financial  transactions,  the  Nominating  and  Corporate 
Governance  Committee  oversees  risks  related  to  corporate 
governance,  including  director  independence  and  related 
party transactions, and as discussed in the “CD&A” section of 
this proxy statement, the Compensation Committee oversees 
risks  related  to  our  compensation  programs,  including 
an  annual  review  and  risk  assessment  of  the  Company’s 
compensation  policies  and  practices  for  all  associates  and 
a  risk  assessment  in  connection  with  any  changes  to  our 
compensation program.

In addition, the Board and the Audit and Finance Committee 
receive presentations throughout the year from management 
regarding specific potential risks and trends as necessary. At 
each  Board  meeting,  the  Chairman  and  CEO  addresses  in 
a  directors  only  session  matters  of  particular  importance  or 
concern, including any significant areas of risk requiring Board 
attention.  We  believe  that  the  practices  described  above 
facilitate effective Board oversight of our significant risks.

At  its  regularly-scheduled  meeting  in  June  of  each  year, 
our  full  Board  reviews  the  Company’s  near-  and  long-term 
strategies  in  detail.  The  meeting  is  typically  held  off-site 
and  includes  presentations  by  and  discussions  with  senior 
management regarding strategic initiatives. The Board remains 
involved  in  strategic  planning  throughout  the  year,  engaging 
with  management  to  review  progress  of  and  challenges  to 
the  Company’s  strategy,  and  to  approve  specific  initiatives. 
In  2016,  our  Board  and  Committees  devoted  significant 
additional time throughout the year to review and discuss the 

Staples 20/20 strategy and related initiatives. Individual Board 
committees also consider strategic matters that fall within their 
areas  of  focus,  such  as  our  Audit  and  Finance  Committee’s 
involvement in the divestitures of our European and Australian 
operations as part of our strategic priority to focus on North 
America,  and  report  to  the  full  Board  at  regularly  scheduled 
quarterly  meetings.  Our  independent  directors  also  meet  in 
regularly scheduled executive sessions without management 
present, at which strategy is discussed.

DIVERSITY

Diversity has always been very important to us. We strive to 
offer an inclusive business environment that offers diversity of 
people, thought and experience, as well as diverse suppliers. 
This also holds true for our Board of Directors. Our Board is 
committed to seek out highly qualified women and individuals 
from diverse groups to include in the candidate pool of Board 
nominees, as reflected in our Guidelines. Additionally, the Board 
annually  reviews  the  appropriate  skills  and  characteristics 
of  the  Board  members  in  light  of  the  current  composition 

of  the  Board,  and  diversity  is  one  of  the  factors  used  in 
this  assessment.  Not  only  does  the  Board  view  diversity  of 
experience, industry, skills and tenure as important, but also 
of age, gender and ethnic backgrounds. Since 2012, we have 
added eight new directors to our Board. These new directors 
include three women, one Hispanic, and one Asian. The Board 
is  also  provided  with  an  annual  report  on  diversity  initiatives 
and Staples’ approach and progress on such initiatives.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  15 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

SUSTAINABILITY

In  addition  to  our  governance  best  practices,  we  have 
integrated  leading  environmental  and  social  initiatives  and 
programs in all facets of our operations. We are a recognized 
leader in environmentally-friendly business practices and have 
a long history of sourcing and selling eco-conscious products, 
providing recycling and green services, maximizing our energy 
efficiency  and  renewable  use  energy,  and  eliminating  waste. 
We  believe  these  efforts  differentiate  our  brand,  provide  us 
with a competitive advantage, and support our Staples 20/20 
strategic  priorities  which  include  accelerating  mid-market 
growth  in  North  America,  rationalizing  excess  capacity  and 
preserving  profitability  in  North  American  Retail,  and  driving 
profit improvement and cost reduction across our company. 

In 2016, we sold over $4 billion in products with environmental 
features.  Staples  has  a  growing  portfolio  of  sustainable 
products,  including  Staples  Brand.  These  products  help 
meet  the  changing  needs  of  our  customers.  Today,  Staples 
offers more than 13,000 eco-conscious products across our 
delivery and retail businesses. Our strategic account leaders 
and  dedicated  sustainable  solutions  managers  can  help 
develop and execute sustainability programs for our Staples 
Business  Advantage  customers.  Our  Sustainability  Center 
on staples.com helps raise awareness about how to identify 
eco-responsible products and makes it easy for customer to 
directly shop for those products. 

We were the first company in our industry to offer a national 
electronics  recycling  program.  Last  year,  we  helped  our 
customers  recycle  more  than  25  million  pounds  of  office 
technology  and  50  million  ink  cartridges  globally  across 
our markets. 

With  a  large  portfolio  of  facilities  and  vehicles,  Staples 
recognizes the significance of the energy usage and carbon 
emissions impacts of our operations. Reducing these impacts 
has  been  a  cornerstone  of  our  long-term  sustainability 
initiatives.  In  2016,  we  ended  the  year  with  643  buildings 
certified  to  the  ENERGY  STAR  standard,  which  represents 
51%  of  active  buildings  in  the  US.  By  2020,  our  goal  is  to 
reduce electrical intensity by 25% and total carbon emissions 
by 50% from 2010 levels. 

We  also  partner  directly  with  more  than  2,200  suppliers, 
both  large  and  small,  to  support  a  large,  complex  and 
geographically  diverse  supply  chain.  For  years,  Staples  has 
worked with suppliers to advance and improve our offerings 
of  greener  products.  We  recently  implemented  smart-size 
packaging  to  improve  our  customer  experience  and  reduce 
our carbon footprint to provide customized packaging tailored 
for individual orders. This allows us to reduce corrugate use 
by approximately 15% and void fill use by approximately 60% 
across our entire US network.

EVALUATION

We  are  committed  to  maintaining  an  effective  Board  that 
represents  the  best  interests  of  the  Company  and  our 
shareholders.  We  have  an  annual  director  self-evaluation 
process  administered  by  our  outside  counsel  to  assess 
director performance, Board dynamics and the effectiveness 
of  the  Board  and  its  committees.  As  part  of  the  process,  a 
written survey is developed with input from the Independent 
Chairman  and  each  Board  Committee  Chair.  Each  director 
completes the survey and provides suggestions and feedback 
to  our  outside  counsel,  who  then  summarizes  the  results 
of  the  assessment  and  provides  recommendations  for 
improvements,  to  our  Independent  Chairman  and  to  each 

Board  Committee  Chair.  This  process  allows  directors  to 
anonymously  provide  feedback  on,  among  other  things,  (1) 
Board information, planning, and oversight, (2) Board structure 
and operation, (3) the Board’s relationship with the CEO and 
management, (4) Committee structure and operations, and (5) 
director  qualifications,  preparedness  and  engagement.  The 
Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee,  as  well 
as the full Board, discusses these results in executive session 
and uses them in determining the appropriate mix and skill set 
for Board composition and the nomination process, as well as 
addressing areas where the Board feels it can improve.

DIRECTOR CANDIDATES

The  process  followed  by  the  Nominating  and  Corporate 
Governance  Committee  to  identify  and  evaluate  director 
candidates includes requests to Board members and others 
for recommendations, engaging a professional recruiting firm 
to  help  identify  and  recruit  potential  candidates,  meetings 
from  time  to  time  to  evaluate  biographical  information 

and  background  material  relating  to  potential  candidates 
and  interviews  of  selected  candidates  by  members  of  the 
Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  and 
our  Board.  The  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance 
Committee also considers the results of our robust Board self-
evaluation process.

16  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Shareholder-Recommended Director Candidates

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

(1) 

Shareholders may recommend an individual to the Nominating 
and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  for  consideration  as 
a  potential  director  candidate  by  submitting  the  following 
information: 
(2)  appropriate 
biographical information and background materials regarding 
the candidate; and (3) a statement as to whether the shareholder 
or  group  of  shareholders  making  the  recommendation  has 
beneficially  owned  more  than  5%  of  our  common  stock  for 
at least a year as of the date such recommendation is made. 

the  candidate’s  name; 

Such information should be submitted to the Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee, c/o Corporate Secretary, 
Staples, Inc., 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, Massachusetts 
01702.  Assuming 
that  appropriate  biographical  and 
background  material  has  been  provided  on  a  timely  basis, 
the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  will 
evaluate  shareholder  recommended  candidates  by  following 
substantially the same process, and applying substantially the 
same criteria, as it follows for candidates submitted by others.

Shareholder-Nominated Director Candidates

Our proxy access by-law allows a shareholder, or a group of 
up to 25 shareholders, owning 3% or more of our outstanding 
common  stock  continuously  for  at  least  three  years  to 
nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees 
constituting  up  to  two  individuals  or  20%  of  the  Board 
(whichever is greater), provided that the shareholder(s) and the 
nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in Article I, Section 
7.4  of  our  by-laws.  Notice  of  any  such  nomination  must  be 
received by the Corporate Secretary of Staples at 500 Staples 
Drive, Framingham, Massachusetts 01702, not later than the 
close of business on the ninetieth (90th) day, nor earlier than 
the  close  of  business  on  the  one  hundred  twentieth  (120th) 
day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual 
meeting. For the 2018 Annual Meeting, notice of proxy access 
nominations  must  be  received  no  earlier  than  February  12, 
2018 and no later than March 14, 2018. However, if the date 

of our 2018 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before or 
more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the 
shareholder must be received no earlier than 120 days prior to 
the 2017 Annual Meeting and not later than the later of (i) the 
90th day prior to the 2017 Annual Meeting and (ii) the tenth 
day following the day on which public announcement of the 
date  of  the  2018  Annual  Meeting  is  made  or  notice  for  the 
2018 Annual Meeting was mailed, whichever occurs first.

In addition, shareholders have the right under our by-laws to 
directly  nominate  director  candidates,  without  any  action  or 
recommendation on the part of the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance  Committee  or  our  Board  and  without  such 
candidates being included in the Company’s proxy materials, 
by following the relevant procedures summarized in this proxy 
statement under the caption “Shareholder Proposals.”

COMMUNICATING WITH OUR BOARD

Our  Board  will  give  appropriate  attention 
to  written 
communications that are submitted by shareholders, and will 
respond if and as appropriate. Absent unusual circumstances 
or as contemplated by the committee charters, the Chairperson 
of the Board (if an independent director), or the Independent 
Lead Director (if one is appointed), or otherwise the Chairperson 
of  the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee, 
with  the  advice  and  assistance  of  our  General  Counsel,  is 
primarily  responsible  for  monitoring  communications  from 
shareholders  and  other  interested  parties  and  for  providing 
copies  or  summaries  of  such  communications  to  the  other 
directors as he or she considers appropriate.

Under  procedures  approved  by  our  independent  directors 
and  subject  to  the  advice  and  assistance  from  our  General 
Counsel, communications are forwarded to the Chairperson of 
the Board (if an independent director), the Independent Lead 
Director  (if  one  is  appointed),  or  otherwise  the  Chairperson 
of  the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee, 

who  monitors  communications 
from  shareholders  and 
other  interested  parties.  Copies  or  summaries  of  such 
communications are provided to all directors, if such person 
considers  it  important  and  appropriate  for  all  directors  to 
know.  In  general,  communications  relating  to  corporate 
governance  and  corporate  strategy  are  more  likely  to  be 
forwarded than communications relating to ordinary business 
affairs,  personal  grievances  and  matters  as  to  which  we 
tend  to  receive  repetitive  or  duplicative  communications. 
In  addition,  in  accordance  with  our  Guidelines,  if  a  meeting 
is  held  between  a  major  shareholder  (including  institutional 
investors) and a representative of the independent directors, 
the independent Chairman will serve, subject to availability, as 
such representative of the independent directors.

Shareholders who wish to send communications on any topic 
to  our  Board  should  address  such  communications  to  The 
Board  of  Directors,  c/o  Corporate  Secretary,  Staples,  Inc., 
500 Staples Drive, Framingham, Massachusetts 01702.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  17 

 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 
(ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

The  members  of  our  Board  are  elected  for  a  term  of  office 
to expire at the next annual meeting (subject to the election 
and  qualification  of  their  successors  or  the  earlier  of  their 
death, resignation or removal). Ten directors, constituting our 
entire  Board,  are  to  be  elected  at  the  Annual  Meeting.  One 
of our current directors, Carol Meyrowitz, is not standing for 
reelection  at  the  Annual  Meeting  and  our  Board  therefore 
determined to reduce the size of the Board from eleven to ten 
upon her departure.

In considering whether to recommend any particular candidate 
for  inclusion  in  our  Board’s  slate  of  recommended  director 
nominees, 
the  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance 
Committee  applies  the  assessment  criteria  set  forth  in  our 
Corporate  Governance  Guidelines.  These  criteria  include 
diversity,  age  and  skills  such  as  understanding  of  the  office 
products  market,  the  retail  industry,  e-commerce,  finance, 
accounting, marketing, technology, risk oversight, international 
business  and  other  operational  and  business  knowledge 
needed  to  oversee  a  global  multi-channel  business.  The 
principal qualification of a director is the ability to act effectively 
on behalf of all of our stockholders.

The  Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee 
does  not  assign  specific  weights  to  particular  criteria,  and 
no  particular  criterion  is  a  prerequisite  for  any  prospective 
nominee. We believe that the specific skills, qualifications and 
experience  of  our  directors,  considered  as  a  group,  should 
provide  a  mix  of  knowledge  and  abilities  that  will  allow  our 
Board to fulfill its responsibilities.

Director Quali(cid:31)cations, Skills and Experience

Audit, Financial Expertise
Corporate Governance
Consumer and Business Sales
E-Commerce / Marketing
International Operations
IT Management & Security Technology
Leadership and Management
M&A / Integration
Real Estate
Retail
Risk Oversight
Strategy
Supply Chain / Logistics

6

6

7

8

8

9

3

3

3

2

4

5

5

We  believe  each  nominee  in  the  slate  presented  below, 
through their own personal accomplishments and dedication 
to their profession and community, has demonstrated strong 
intellectual acumen, solid business judgment, strategic vision, 
integrity and diligence.

Each of the current directors consistently has demonstrated 
their  strong  work  ethic  and  dedication  to  Staples,  including 
coming  prepared  to  meetings,  asking  insightful  questions, 
challenging  management’s  assumptions,  focusing  on  long 
term  business  strategy,  analyzing  challenges,  evaluating 
solutions and overseeing implementation.

We  believe  that  the  composition  of  the  Board,  including 
the  varied  tenure  of  our  directors,  combines  institutional 
knowledge  and  understanding  of  our  business  model, 
products  and  services  and  historical  growth  strategies  with 
fresh perspectives and exposure to alternative approaches to 
business process, which promotes lively Board discussion and 
effective oversight and problem solving.

Director Tenure Balance

Over 10 years: 1

Less than 5 years: 6

5 to 10 years: 3

All  of  our  nominees  are  current  or  former  chief  executive 
officers,  chairpersons,  directors  or  senior  executives  of 
large  sophisticated  corporations,  educational  institutions,  or 
investors in a broad range of corporations. As such, they have 
a deep understanding of, and extensive experience in, many 
areas that are critical to our operation and success. We have 
determined that nominees who have served in these roles have 
extensive experience with one or more of financial statement 
preparation,  compensation  determinations,  compliance, 
corporate  governance,  risk  oversight,  public  affairs  and 
legal matters.

Below  is  biographical  information  of  each  of  the  nominees, 
highlighting the particular experience, qualifications, attributes 
or skills of each nominee that supports the conclusion of the 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee that these 
individuals should serve as directors of Staples.

18  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

DIRECTOR BIOGRAPHIES

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Age: 69 
Director Since: 2012

Current Staples Board Committees
- Nominating and Corporate Governance

Skills and Experience
- Corporate Governance
- Leadership and Management
- International Operations
- IT Management and Security
- Risk Oversight
- Strategy

Selected Other Positions
-  Director, Harvard Management Company
- Director, Broad Institute
- Director, Ragon Institute

Education
-  M. A. and Ph.D., American Civilization, 

University of Pennsylvania

-  B.A., History, Bryn Mawr College, magna 

cum laude with honors

Drew Faust

Career Highlights

Dr. Faust is the 28th President of Harvard University. Leading up to her appointment as President in 2007, Dr. Faust served 
as the Founding Dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study charged with integrating the former Radcliffe College 
into Harvard University following the merger in 1999. Before Harvard, Dr. Faust served as the Annenberg Professor of 
History at the University of Pennsylvania, where she was a member of the faculty for 25 years. As President of Harvard, 
Dr. Faust is responsible for all aspects of Harvard’s academic and administrative activities, which include operations and 
research and teaching activities across the globe. Dr. Faust also serves on the board of Harvard Management Company, 
which is responsible for investing Harvard’s endowment and related financial assets to produce long term results to 
support the education and research goals of the university.

Age: 59 
Director Since: 2016

Current Staples Board Committees
- Audit and Finance, Executive

Skills and Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- Business Sales
- IT Management and Security
- Leadership and Management
- Real Estate
- Strategy

Public Company Boards
Current
- CBRE Group, Inc.
Prior
- Trammell Crow Company (2000-2006)

Selected Other Positions
-  Board Director, Stanford Federal 

Credit Union

Education
- M.B.A., Harvard Business School
-  B.S., mechanical engineering, Texas A&M 

University, magna cum laude

Curtis Feeny

Career Highlights
Mr. Feeny has been a Managing Director of Voyager Capital, a venture capital firm, since January 2000. Mr. Feeny has 
invested in enterprise software, data center systems, wireless infrastructure and Smart Grid technologies, and represents 
Voyager on the boards of several of its privately held portfolio companies. In 2001, Curtis was appointed by President 
George W. Bush to the Board of Directors of the Presidio Trust, where he served until 2006. From 1992 through 1999, 
Mr. Feeny served as Executive Vice President of Stanford Management Co., which manages the Stanford University 
endowment. He was responsible for investing and managing real estate and other asset classes including private equity 
and venture capital.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  19 

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Education
-  École Nationale Supérieure des 

Télécommunications (ENST)

-  Lycée du Parc

Age: 53 
Director Since: 2015

Current Staples Board Committees
- Audit and Finance

Skills and Experience
- Consumer and Business Sales
- Ecommerce/Marketing
- International Operations
- IT Management and Security
- Strategy

Paul-Henri Ferrand

Career Highlights

Mr. Ferrand has served as Vice President and Sector Lead, U.S. Services and Distribution Sector, of Google, Inc., a 
global provider of internet related services and products, since May 2014. In his role as the head of Google’s largest 
customer sector, Mr. Ferrand leads performance-based advertising sales and related analytics. Before joining Google, 
Mr. Ferrand was President, Dell North America, at Dell, Inc., a global technology company, from August 2012 to March 
2014, where he was responsible for leading Dell’s business across all of North America, covering all segments (consumer 
and business). Mr. Ferrand previously held other positions at Dell, including Global Vice President & GM, Software and 
Peripherals from September 2011 to August 2012, President Dell Asia-Pacific-Japan from July 2010 to September 
2011, Chief Marketing Officer, Dell Consumer, Small and Medium Business from January 2009 to September 2011, and 
President Dell APACs from March 2004 to December 2008. Before Dell, Mr. Ferrand served in various management 
positions at Nokia, Alcatel-Lucent and AT&T.

Age: 56 

Director Since: 2016

Current Staples Board Committees
- Executive

Skills and Experience
- Consumer and Business Sales
- Corporate Governance
- Ecommerce/Marketing
- Leadership and Management
- Strategy
- Supply Chain/Logistics

Public Company Boards
Current
- CarMax Inc.
Prior
- The Stride Rite Corporation (2002-2007)

Education
- J.D., Harvard Law School
-  S.M., Management Science, 

Massachusetts Institute of Technology

-  B.A., Economics and Near Eastern Studies, 

Princeton University

Shira Goodman

Career Highlights

Ms. Goodman has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2016. Ms. Goodman served in roles 
with increasing responsibility at Staples since joining the company in 1992, including President and interim Chief Executive 
Officer from June 2016 to September 2016, President, North American Operations from January 2016 to June 2016, 
and President, North American Commercial since February 2014. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President 
of Global Growth since February 2012, Executive Vice President of Human Resources since March 2009, Executive 
Vice President of Marketing since May 2001, and in various other management positions. Ms. Goodman has been a key 
architect of the Staples 20/20 strategy. Before Staples, Ms. Goodman worked at Bain & Company for six years in project 
design, client relationships and case team management.

20  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Public Company Boards
Current
- Corning Incorporated
- Meritage Homes Corporation
- NiSource, Inc.

Education
- M.A., Syracuse University
-  B.A., St. Bonaventure University, 

summa cum laude

Age: 55 
Director Since: 2016

Current Staples Board Committees
- Compensation

Skills and Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- Consumer and Business Sales
- E-Commerce/Marketing
- International Operations
- Leadership and Management
- Retail
- Risk Oversight
- Strategy
- Supply Chain/Logistics

Deborah Henretta

Career Highlights

Ms. Henretta currently serves as Senior Advisor to SSA & Company, an executive decision strategy consulting 
firm. Ms. Henretta also serves as Senior Advisor to General Assembly, a pioneer in innovative education and career 
transformation. Ms. Henretta has over 30 years of business leadership experience across both developed and developing 
markets, as well as expertise in brand building, marketing, philanthropic program development and government relations. 
She joined Procter & Gamble (“P&G”) in 1985. In 2005, she was appointed President of P&G’s business in ASEAN, 
Australia and India. She was appointed group president, P&G Asia in 2007, group president of P&G Global Beauty 
Sector in June 2013, and group president of P&G E-Business in February 2015. She retired from P&G in June 2015. 
Ms. Henretta also was a member of Singapore’s Economic Development Board (EDB) from 2007 to 2013. In 2008, she 
received a U.S. State Department appointment to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation’s Business Advisory Council. In 
2011, she was appointed chair of this 21-economy council, becoming the first woman to hold the position.

Age: 44 
Director Since: 2015

Current Staples Board Committees
- Audit and Finance

Skills & Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- Consumer Sales
- Marketing
- M&A/Integration
- Leadership and Management
- Risk Oversight

Public Company Boards
Current
- Sears Holdings Corp

Education
- M.B.A., Columbia University
-  B.A., Economics and Political Science,  

Colgate University

Kunal S. Kamlani

Career Highlights

Mr. Kamlani is President of ESL Investments, Inc., a hedge fund sponsor, and has served in this position since March 
2016. Prior to ESL, he was Chief Executive Officer of CASP Advisors, an independent advisory firm founded in 2015, 
which focuses on brand extension strategies, infrastructure development and mergers & acquisitions in the global cruise 
industry. Mr. Kamlani previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Prestige Cruise Holdings, the parent 
company of Oceania Cruises and Regent Seven Seas Cruises, from August 2011 until December 2014. Mr. Kamlani had 
previously served as Chief Financial Officer from August 2009 to March 2010 and was recruited back to Prestige Cruise 
Holdings in 2011. From March 2010 to May 2011, Mr. Kamlani served as head of the Global Investment Solutions division 
of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch where he was responsible for the Wealth Management Platform including managed 
accounts, mutual funds, stocks, bonds, new issues, insurance, alternatives and structured investments. Mr. Kamlani also 
served as Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Citi Smith Barney from 2006 until 2009 and in various other 
capacities at Citigroup since 2001.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  21 

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Age: 65 
Director Since: 2016

Current Staples Board Committees
- Audit and Finance

Skills and Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- Consumer and Business Sales
- International Operations
- Leadership and Management
- M&A/Integration
- Retail
- Strategy
- Supply Chain/Logistics

Public Company Boards
Current
- Callaway Golf Company
Prior
- Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (2004-2016)

Education
- M.B.A., Stanford University
- B.A., Dartmouth College

John F. Lundgren

Career Highlights

Mr. Lundgren retired in 2016 as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., the successor 
entity following the merger of The Stanley Works and Black and Decker in March 2010. Prior to the merger, Mr. Lundgren 
served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Stanley Works, a worldwide supplier of consumer products, 
industrial tools and security solutions for professional, industrial and consumer use. Prior to joining The Stanley Works in 
2004, Mr. Lundgren served as President — European Consumer Products, of Georgia Pacific Corporation and also held 
various positions in finance, manufacturing, corporate development and strategic planning with Georgia Pacific and its 
predecessor companies, namely James River Corporation from 1995 to 1997 and Fort James Corporation from 1997 to 
2000. Mr. Lundgren began his business career in brand management at the Gillette Corporation. Mr. Lundgren is also a 
former member of the board of directors of the National Association of Manufacturers.

Age: 60 

Director Since: 2007

Current Staples Board Committees
-  Executive, Nominating and  

Corporate Governance

Skills and Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- International Operations
- Leadership and Management
- M&A/Integration
- Real Estate
- Risk Oversight
- Strategy

Public Company Boards
Current
- CBRE Group, Inc.
Prior
- Trammell Crow Company (2002-2006)

Selected Other Positions
- British American Business Council
-  Director, Baylor Healthcare System  

Foundation

Education
- M.B.A., Harvard Business School
-  B.S., Computer Science, Iowa 

State University

Robert Sulentic

Career Highlights

Mr. Sulentic has served as Chief Executive Officer of CBRE Group, Inc., a global commercial real estate services 
company, since 2012 and President since 2010. Mr. Sulentic also has been a member of the CBRE Board since 2012. 
He previously served as President of the Development Services business from 2006 to 2011 and as Chief Financial Officer 
and Group President, each from 2009 until 2010. In addition, Mr. Sulentic was a member of CBRE’s Board and Group 
President of Development Services, Asia Pacific and Europe, Middle East and Africa from 2006 through 2009. Before 
CBRE, Mr. Sulentic served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Trammell Crow Company from 2000 through 2006, 
and was also Chairman of the Board from 2002 through 2006. He previously served as its Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer from September 1998 to October 2000.

22  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (ITEM 1 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Public Company Boards
Prior
- Yankee Candle Corporation (2005-2007)

Education
- M.B.A., Harvard Business School
-  B.S., Chemical Engineering, University of 

Texas, Austin

  Age: 57 

Director Since: 2007

Current Staples Board Committees
-  Executive, Nominating and  

Corporate Governance

Skills and Experience
- Consumer and Business Sales
- Corporate Governance
- E-commerce/Marketing
- International Operations
- M&A/Integration
- Strategy

Vijay Vishwanath

Career Highlights

Mr. Vishwanath has been a Partner at Bain & Company, a management consulting firm, since 1993 and is a leader in 
Bain’s consumer products practice. Mr. Vishwanath first joined Bain in 1986, after working at Procter & Gamble. In his 
position at Bain, Mr. Vishwanath has counseled numerous Fortune 500 companies on consumer product and brand 
strategy, as well as marketing. Additionally, he advises CEOs and management teams of the leading global consumer 
companies on matters of strategy, organization, mergers and performance improvement, including growth, pricing, 
market spending and optimization, trade and channel management, and cost reduction across the entire value chain. 
Mr. Vishwanath also has valuable experience in corporate governance. Mr. Vishwanath has published several articles 
on a variety of consumer product issues, and has spoken to audiences around the world on the topic of growth and 
brand strategy.

Paul F. Walsh

  Age: 67 

Director Since: 1990

Current Staples Board Committees
-  Compensation, Executive

Skills and Experience
- Audit, Financial Expertise
- Consumer and Business Sales
- E-commerce/Marketing
- International Operations 
- IT Management and Security 
- Leadership and Management
- M&A/Integration
- Retail
- Risk Oversight
- Strategy

Public Company Boards
Prior
- eFunds Corporation (2002-2007)
- Incon, Inc. (1995-1998)

Selected Other Positions
Current
- Chairman, United Dental Partners
-  Director, Transaction Services Group
Prior
- Chairman, Sterling Backcheck Inc.  
(2010-2015)
- Director, Competitor Group Inc. 
(2013-2015)
-  Trustee, Thunderbird School of 

Management (2009-2013) 

Education
-  M.B.A., Boston University, with honors
-  B.S., Engineering, Tufts University

Career Highlights

Mr. Walsh has served as a Senior Managing Director of Calera Capital, a private equity firm, since September 2015, 
and was an Operating Partner of, and outside resource to, Calera Capital since 2008. Mr. Walsh serves on the board of 
directors of Transaction Services Group, a Calera Capital portfolio company. Before Calera, Mr. Walsh was the Chairman 
and CEO of eFunds Corporation from 2002 to 2007, a leading provider of risk management, electronic funds transfer 
services, prepaid card processing, and global outsourcing solutions to more than 10,000 financial services companies in 
more than 80 countries. eFunds also provides point-of-sale fraud prevention solutions to retailers and electronic benefits 
processing services to government entities. Additionally, in 2002, Mr. Walsh founded Clareon, which built one of the 
premiere B2B payment solutions in the U.S., utilizing technology co-developed with the U.S. Treasury. Clareon was later 
acquired by Fleet/Bank of America.

OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE NOMINEES AS DIRECTORS.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  23 

 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

in  our  general  industry.  The  Committee  annually  reviews 
an  extensive  analysis  of  marketplace  practices  for  Outside 
Director pay conducted by management and reviewed by the 
Committee’s independent advisor. Consistent with our equity 
program for associates, the Outside Director compensation 
program  also  reflects  a  value-based  approach  to  equity 
grants, in which the amount of the awards made to Outside 
Directors is based on a fixed value rather than a fixed number 
of shares.

During fiscal year 2016, on the second business day following 
the  2016  Annual  Meeting,  each  of  our  Outside  Directors 
elected at the meeting received their annual restricted stock 
unit grants. The number of shares of restricted stock units to 
be  granted  is  determined  by  dividing  the  fixed  value  by  the 
closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. Upon 
a  change-in-control  of  Staples  or  upon  a  director  leaving 
our Board after reaching the age of 72, all of such director’s 
restricted stock units would fully vest and be paid out.

In March 2016, each then-serving Outside Director voluntarily 
declined half of the quarterly cash payment of $18,750 for the 
next four quarters of their service as a director, in response to 
the pressures on our share price in fiscal year 2015. Each such 
director  therefore  temporarily  received  a  reduced  quarterly 
cash payment of $9,375 in June, September, and December 
of 2016, and March of 2017.

the 

in  consultation  with 

The  Committee, 
independent 
compensation consultant, reviewed the change in role in light 
of compensation practices for the Independent Chair at peer 
group and S&P 500 companies. The Committee determined 
that  an  increase  to  Mr.  Sulentic’s  compensation  would  be 
appropriate based on benchmarking data, but at the request of 
Mr. Sulentic, did not proceed to recommend any adjustments 
to his current pay as Lead Director.

(“the  Committee”) 

The  Compensation  Committee 
is 
responsible  for  making  recommendations  to  our  Board  with 
respect  to  the  compensation  paid  to  our  non-employee 
directors  (“Outside  Directors”).  Our  Outside  Directors  are 
predominantly compensated through equity awards, reflecting 
the  Committee’s  philosophy  that  director  pay  should  be 
aligned with the interests of our shareholders.

It  is  the  Committee’s  goal  to  maintain  a  level  of  Outside 
Director  compensation  at  the  median  of  companies  both 
within  our  peer  group  as  well  as  similarly-sized  companies 

2016 COMPENSATION

Each Outside Director receives an annual equity grant equal 
to $175,000 in the form of restricted stock units. The annual 
grants  vest  after  one  year.  In  addition,  the  following  Outside 
Directors  receive  additional  annual  equity  grants:  (a)  the 
Independent  Lead  Director  receives  restricted  stock  units 
with  a  value  of  $40,000;  (b)  each  chairperson  of  the  Audit 
and  Finance  Committee,  Compensation  Committee  and 
Nominating  and  Corporate  Governance  Committee  receives 
restricted stock units with a value of $32,000. In each case, 
these  additional  grants  vest  on  the  date  of  each  of  the  four 
regularly  scheduled  quarterly  Board  meetings  that  such 
Independent Lead Director or chairperson holds such position 
and  are  paid  in  shares  on  the  one  year  anniversary  of  the 
award. In addition, each Outside Director receives a quarterly 
cash  payment  of  $18,750  and  is  reimbursed  for  reasonable 
expenses  incurred  in  attending  meetings  of  our  Board.  The 
chairperson of the Audit and Finance Committee receives an 
additional quarterly cash payment of $3,750.

New  Outside  Directors  receive  a  one-time  initial  grant  of 
restricted  stock  units  equal  to  $150,000,  which  vests  after 
three  years.  Mr.  Feeny,  Ms.  Henretta  and  Mr.  Lundgren 
received this initial grant in 2016, on the second business day 
following the 2016 Annual Meeting.

2017 COMPENSATION

On January 29, 2017, in line with the Company’s previously 
announced Independent Chair policy, Mr. Sulentic was elected 
to the role of Independent Chairman of the Board. Mr. Sulentic 
has served as a Board Member since 2007 and in the role of 
Lead Director since 2015.

24  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

The following table summarizes our current compensation structure for Outside Directors.

Cash Retainer

Restricted Stock Unit Awards (1)

Role
Independent Chairman

Audit and Finance
Nominating and Corporate Governance
Compensation

Chair

Director

Standard
$75,000
$75,000
$75,000
$75,000
$75,000

Role-Related
—
$15,000
—
—
—

Standard
$175,000
$175,000
$175,000
$175,000
$175,000

Role-Related
$40,000
$32,000
$32,000
$32,000

Total $
$290,000
$297,000
$282,000
$282,000
— $250,000

(1) 

New Outside Directors also receive a one-time initial grant of Restricted Stock Units equal to $150,000.

The table below sets out the 2016 fiscal year compensation received by our Outside Directors.

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION FOR 2016 FISCAL YEAR

Name*
Basil L. Anderson 2
Drew Gilpin Faust
Curtis Feeny
Paul-Henri Ferrand
Deborah A. Henretta
Kunal Kamlani
John F. Lundgren
Carol Meyrowitz
Rowland T. Moriarty 2
Robert E. Sulentic
Raul Vazquez 2
Vijay Vishwanath
Paul F. Walsh

Fees earned or 
paid in cash 
($)
35,625
46,875
63,750
46,875
56,250
46,875
56,250
46,875
28,125
46,875
28,125
46,875
46,875

Stock1 
Awards ($)
0
175,001
357,013
175,001
325,006
175,001
325,006
175,001
0
215,003
0
207,008
207,008

Option 
Awards 
($)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

All Other 
Compensation 
($)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Total 
($)
35,625
221,876
420,763
221,876
381,256
221,876
381,256
221,876
28,125
261,878
28,125
253,883
253,883

* 

(1) 

 Excludes  Mr.  Sargent  and  Ms.  Goodman,  who  each  served  as  CEO  for  a  portion  of  2016  and  did  not  receive  separate 
compensation for their services as director. Each of their compensation as a named executive officer is reported in the Summary 
Compensation Table included in this proxy statement.

 The  amounts  shown  in  the  Stock  Awards  column  represent  the  aggregate  grant  date  fair  value  of  awards  computed  in 
accordance  with  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (“FASB”)  Accounting  Standards  Codification  (“ASC”)  Topic  718  for 
awards granted during our 2016 fiscal year, not the actual amounts paid to or realized by our Outside Directors during our 2016 
fiscal year. The aggregate fair value of these awards is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. 
Fractional shares are rounded up to the nearest whole share. Awards made during 2016 represent:

•  Annual grant of restricted stock units to each director;

•  For Mr. Sulentic, our Independent Lead Director for fiscal year 2016, restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 

$40,000;

•  For Messrs. Feeny, Vishwanath and Walsh, chair of our Audit and Finance Committee, chair of our Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee and chair of our Compensation Committee, respectively, for fiscal year 2016, restricted stock units 
with a grant date fair value of $32,000 each;

•  For Messrs. Feeny, Henretta and Lundgren, who joined our Board in fiscal year 2016, restricted stock units with a grant date 
fair value of $150,000, granted in connection with the director’s initial election to the Board and which vest after three years.

(2) 

 Messrs. Anderson, Moriarty and Vazquez did not stand for reelection to the Board at the 2016 Annual Meeting.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  25 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

OUTSTANDING DIRECTOR AWARDS

The table below supplements the Director Compensation table above by providing (1) the number of restricted stock units awarded 
to our directors during our 2016 fiscal year and (2) the total number of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units held 
by our directors as of January 28, 2017, the end of our 2016 fiscal year.

Name
Drew Gilpin Faust
Paul-Henri Ferrand
Kunal Kamlani
Carol Meyrowitz

Robert E. Sulentic

Vijay Vishwanath

Paul F. Walsh

New Directors in 2016
Curtis Feeny
Deborah A. Henretta
John F. Lundgren

Grant Date 
6/16/2016
6/16/2016
6/16/2016
6/16/2016

6/16/2016

6/16/2016

6/16/2016

6/16/2016
6/16/2016
6/16/2016

Award 
Type 
RSU
RSU
RSU
RSU
OP
RSU
OP
RSU
OP
RSU
OP

RSU
RSU
RSU

Number of 
Shares 
Awarded in 
FY 2016
20,115
20,115
20,115
20,115
0
24,713
0
23,794
0
23,794
0

41,036
37,357
37,357

Total 
Options and  
Unvested  
Restricted  
Shares as of 
 2016 FYE 
20,115
29,173
29,173
20,115
77,867
24,713
82,367
23,794
86,867
23,794
68,867

41,036
37,357
37,357

Grant Date 
Fair Value 
($) 
175,001
175,001
175,001
175,001
0
215,003
0
207,008
0
207,008
0

357,013
325,006
325,006

RSU = Restricted stock unit, OP = Stock option

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

 Restricted stock unit awards granted in connection with the annual director grant vest in full on the first anniversary of the grant 
date, provided that the director then serves on our Board. Restricted stock unit awards made upon initial election as a director 
vest in full on the third anniversary of the grant date.

 Restricted stock units awarded to our Independent Lead Director and each chairperson of the Audit and Finance Committee, 
Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee vest ratably on the date of each of the four 
regularly scheduled quarterly Board meetings that such Lead Director or chairperson held such position and are paid on the 
one year anniversary of the award.

 Stock options awarded during 2008, 2009 and 2010 vested in full on the first anniversary of the grant date, provided that the 
director served on our Board. Stock option awards made prior to 2008 vested ratably on an annual basis over a four-year 
vesting period, provided that the director then served on our Board.

Stock Ownership by Directors

All Outside Directors are subject to a stock ownership guideline of five times the annual Board cash retainer and have five years 
after joining the Board to meet such ownership guideline. In 2016, all directors met the guidelines.

26  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND 
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Our  Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis 
(“CD&A”) 
describes  how  we  design  and  manage  our  compensation 
program, provides an overview of our business performance 
and  progress  in  2016  with  our  Staples  20/20  strategy  and 
most importantly, demonstrates the strong link between pay 
and performance for our Named Executive Officers (“NEOs”).

We  also  present  a  summary  of  shareholder  feedback,  the 
positive changes our Board has made to address this feedback, 
and describe how we established the compensation structure 
for our new CEO, appointed in September 2016.

The CD&A is structured as follows:

•  An  executive  summary, 

including  our  business 
performance and shareholder engagement in 2016 (p.27)

•  A presentation of compensation earned by our NEOs as a 

result of this performance (p.31)

•  A detailed discussion of our 2016 compensation program 
(p.34) followed by the processes we use in designing and 
managing compensation (p.40)

•  Additional  material 

to  governance  of  our 
compensation program such as policies relating to stock 
ownership and recoupment (p.42)

relating 

I  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Guiding Principles of Our Compensation Program

The Committee believes that executive compensation should 
be directly linked to performance and the creation of long-term 
value for our shareholders.

Based  on  this  principle,  as  well  as  consultation  with 
shareholders, the Committee has developed annual and long-
term incentive programs that are tied to objective, quantifiable, 
and rigorous performance metrics. The metrics we use in our 
incentive  programs  support  the  long-term  alignment  of  pay 
with performance.

Business Overview

Staples  is  a  world-class  provider  of  products  and  services 
that  primarily  serve  the  needs  of  business  customers  of  all 
sizes  in  seven  countries.  The  overwhelming  majority  of  our 
revenue  is  generated  in  North  America.  We  are  committed 
to providing superior value to our customers through a broad 
selection  of  products,  easy  to  use  websites  and  mobile 
platforms, a differentiated salesforce, an integrated retail and 
online  shopping  experience  and  a  wide  range  of  print  and 
marketing and technology services. With the disposition of our 
European business, at the end of fiscal year 2016 we operated 
two business segments, North American Delivery and North 
American Retail.

Our vision is we help businesses succeed. This reflects a multi-
year  effort  to  evolve  our  company  to  become  the  product 
and  service  destination  for  businesses  in  a  rapidly  evolving 
and  competitive  marketplace.  In  May  2016,  we  introduced 
our  Staples  20/20  strategic  plan  with  four  key  priorities  to 
transform Staples and get our company back to sustainable 
sales  and  earnings  growth.  We  are  extremely  focused  on 
allocating more resources to the businesses where we have 
our  strongest  competitive  advantages,  and  deemphasizing 
our  underperforming  businesses.  We’re  also  prioritizing 
innovation as a key catalyst to further differentiate Staples from 
our competitors.

The  structure  of  our  executive  compensation  program  is 
intended to enable the company to attract, retain and motivate 
a talented management team to drive our business objectives 
of both top line and bottom line results, as well as attractive 
returns  on  capital.  We  believe  our  overall  program,  and  in 
particular our focus on granting performance-based awards, is 
consistent with current best practices in compensation design.

Our priorities are to:

• Accelerate mid-market growth in North America

• Narrow our geographic focus to North America

•  Rationalize  and  preserve  profitability  of  our  North 

American Retail stores

•  Drive  profit  improvement  and  cost  reduction  across 

the company

Our North American Delivery segment (58% of total company 
sales in 2016) consists of the U.S. and Canadian businesses, 
including  Staples  Advantage,  Staples.com,  Staples.ca,  and 
Quill.com, that sell and deliver products and services directly to 
businesses and consumers. Our strategies for North American 
Delivery  focus  on  driving  increased  customer  acquisition, 
retention and share of wallet through our customized contract 
offerings, our membership programs and expanding categories 
beyond  office  supplies,  with  a  particular  focus  on  the  mid-
market  customer  segment.  We  are  also  focused  on  serving 
our  customers  by  evolving  our  team-based  contract  selling 
model  to  be  more  unified  and  collaborative.  We  are  driving 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  27 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

growth  in  categories  beyond  core  office  supplies  by  adding 
specialists who have expertise in selling products like facilities 
and break room supplies, furniture, promotional products and 
technology products.

Our  North  American  Retail  segment  (37%  of  total  company 
sales  in  2016)  consists  of  1,255  stores  in  the  United  States 
and  304  stores  in  Canada  at  year  end.  Our  strategies  for 
North American Retail focus on offering easy-to-shop stores 

with products that are readily available and easy to find, and 
knowledgeable sales associates to support customers while 
preserving profitability through increased customer conversion, 
cost  reductions  and  growing  our  services  businesses.  Our 
goals are to continue to be a destination for core office supply 
categories like ink, toner and paper as well as products and 
services beyond office supplies, such as print and marketing 
services,  facilities  and  break  room  supplies  and  technology 
products and services.

Staples 20/20 Strategic Priorities

2016 Staples 20/20 Accomplishments

•  Realigned  our  operating  structure  to  better  serve  our 
customers  by  aligning  our  delivery  businesses  and 
mid-market customers within one business unit

•  Strengthened  our  differentiated  approach  to  serving 
mid-market customers by combining the strength of our 
sales force with our digital expertise

•  Began  scaling  our  membership  programs,  ending  the 
year with significantly increased numbers of mid-market 
contract  membership  customers  and  small  business 
membership  customers  who  shop  on  Staples.com 
and Quill.com

•  Achieved  double  digit  growth  in  sales  beyond  office 

supplies in the mid-market contract business

•  Entered into an agreement to sell a controlling interest in 
our remaining European operations to Cerberus Capital 
Management during the fourth quarter of 2016 and this 
transaction closed in early 2017

•  Sold our UK retail business and operations to Hilco
•  Acquired  Capital  Office  Products,  one  of  the  largest 

independent office products dealers in the U.S.

•  Partnered  with  Managed  by  Q  to  provide  mid-market 
contract  customers  in  New  York  City,  Chicago,  San 
Francisco  and  Los  Angeles  with  an  expanded  offering 
of office services

•  Continued 

to  rationalize  excess  capacity 

in  retail 
network  through  48  store  closures  and  reduce  risk  by 
shortening the average remaining lease life per store in 
North America

•  Increased customer conversion in both U.S. Stores and 

Canadian Stores

•  Drove growth in print and marketing services
•  Continued  to  simplify  the  operating  environment  for 
our retail associates so that they can spend more time 
engaging with customers

•  After  eliminating  approximately  $750  million  of 
annualized pre-tax costs from 2013 – 2015, launched 
a  plan  to  eliminate  an  additional  $300  million  of 
annualized pre-tax costs from 2016 – 2018

•  Achieved goal of eliminating $100 million of annualized 

pre-tax costs in 2016

•  Developed  detailed  plans  to  further  reduce  product 
costs, evolve our product stocking and promotional 
strategies, drive savings in our supply chain, eliminate 
fixed costs in our retail stores, and generate additional 
efficiency  savings  across  the  company  in  2017 
and 2018

Accelerate mid-market growth in North America

Narrow geographic focus to North America

Rationalize  and  preserve  profitability  of  our  North  American 
Retail stores

Drive  profit 
the company

improvement  and  cost 

reduction  across 

28  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARYEXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

2016 was a transformational year at Staples:

•  Four  new  Directors  joined  our  Board  –  three  Outside 
Directors from a variety of different industries and our new 
CEO, Ms. Goodman

•  We  transitioned  to  separate  CEO  and  Chairman  roles 
pursuant  to  our  previously  announced  Independent 
Chair policy

•  Ms. Goodman simplified her management team from 15 

to 10 roles that serve on Staples leadership team

•  Ms.  Goodman’s 

target  compensation  as  CEO 

is 
significantly at risk – 89% of Ms. Goodman’s compensation 
is  performance-based  while  Mr.  Sargent’s  2016  target 
compensation was 65% performance-based

•  Ms. Goodman’s total target compensation as CEO is at 

the 25th percentile of our peer group companies

•  We eliminated many legacy executive perquisites in 2016 

and plan to execute additional changes in 2017

Governance Outreach Program & Response to Shareholder Feedback

Robust Twice-Yearly Shareholder Engagement Program

For  several  years,  Staples  has  conducted  a  comprehensive 
shareholder  outreach  program.  Our  Board  values 
the 
opportunity to engage directly with our shareholders to hear 
their  thoughts,  better  understand  their  views  and  represent 
their  interests.  As  a  result  of  this  program,  over  the  past 
several years, the Board has made significant enhancements 
to  our  corporate  governance  and  compensation  programs 
including proactive adoption of key governance initiatives and 
restructuring  compensation  to  increase  alignment  between 
pay and performance.

In 2016, our Say-on-Pay proposal received support from 94% 
of shares voted at our annual meeting of shareholders.

Shareholder Feedback and Board Response

A summary of shareholder’s perspectives related to executive 
compensation  and  the  Board’s  response  is  provided  below. 
Our  other  robust  corporate  governance  practices  that  have 
developed in response to shareholder feedback are described 
elsewhere in this proxy statement.

We  received  overwhelmingly  positive  feedback  from  our 
discussions  with  shareholders.  They  were  appreciative  of 
the  Committee’s  recent  enhancements  to  the  executive 
compensation program which included the following:

•  Adopting  3-year  cumulative  goals  for  the  long-term 

incentive program

•  Adopting  a  policy  limiting  executive  severance  to  2.99 
times the sum of the executive’s base salary plus target 
annual cash incentive award, unless shareholder approval 
is obtained

•  Ensuring that the performance goals in our incentive plans 
remain  appropriately  rigorous  and  are  aligned  with  our 
business objectives

•  Modifying our peer group to provide better comparisons 

with Staples

All  enhancements  to  the  executive  compensation  program 
were  the  direct  result  of  shareholder  feedback  and  based 
on  the  Committee’s  careful  deliberation  with  input  from 
management and the independent compensation consultant. 
Shareholders  also  applauded  the  changes  made  to  our 
executive  compensation  program  for  the  new  CEO  and 

In 2016, we reached out to the top 200 institutional investors, 
representing  86%  of  shares  outstanding.  As  we  reached 
out,  we  provided  shareholders  and  proxy  advisory  firms 
with an update of Staples’ governance and compensation 
practices.  We  ultimately  held  discussions  with  investors 
representing approximately 40% of our shares outstanding. 
Our Chair of our Compensation Committee and our Chair 
of our Nominating and Governance Committee participated 
in some of the discussions and played an important role in 
our outreach program.

appreciated  the  continued  responsiveness  to  shareholder 
feedback.  CEO  compensation  is  discussed  more  fully  on 
page 33, but highlights of the program developed based on 
shareholder feedback are listed below.

•  Ms. Goodman’s total target compensation as CEO is at 

the 25th percentile of our peer group companies

•  Ms.  Goodman’s 

approximately  12% 
compensation

target 

total  compensation  was 
less  than  Mr.  Sargent’s  target 

– to better align pay with Staples’ historical performance

–  to  reflect  the  fact  that  Ms.  Goodman  is  a  first-time 
CEO,  and  does  not  serve  as  the  Chair  of  the  Board 
of Directors

•  100%  of  the  new  CEO’s  long-term  incentive  award 
is  performance-based  shares,  which  results  in  89% 
of  the  new  CEO’s  total  compensation  package  being 
performance-based. In 2016, Mr. Sargent’s compensation 
was 65% performance-based

•  No  additional  awards  or  one-time  long-term  incentives 

were offered to the new CEO

•  Ms. Goodman also declined an increase in tax services 
reimbursement  that  was  traditionally  reserved  for  the 
CEO. The Company will be eliminating the executive tax 
services reimbursement program in 2017

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  29 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

We  did  not  receive  any  shareholder  proposals  for  inclusion 
in  this  year’s  proxy  statement.  Although  the  shareholder 
feedback  on  our  executive  compensation  program  was 
very  positive,  the  Committee  will  continue  to  monitor  the 
sentiments of our shareholders through our outreach program. 

The Committee will also remain vigilant to ensure that the goals 
in our incentive plans remain rigorous and our peer group is 
composed of companies that appropriately reflect the evolving 
markets  which  our  company  operates  in,  and  the  changing 
composition of our company.

Committed to Compensation Best Practices

Things We Do

Things We Don’t Do

• No employment agreements
•  No excise tax gross-ups in executive severance 

agreements

• No pension plan
• No private plane
• Minimal executive perquisites

• Strong alignment of pay and performance
• 89% of CEO compensation is “at risk”
• Both short- and long-term programs include performance goals
•  Rigorous, objective financial metrics on annual and performance-
based long-term awards that are closely tied to business strategy

• Cumulative three-year goals in the long-term incentive program
•  3-year  relative  TSR  modifier  in  performance-based  long–term 

awards

•  Strong stock ownership guidelines (5x salary for CEO and up to 

4x for other NEOs)

•  Double  trigger  change  in  control  provisions  in  severance 

agreements

•  Policy requiring shareholder approval for executive severance in 

excess of certain limits

•  Clawback policy
• Anti-hedging policy

Plan Design & Components of Executive Compensation

Our NEOs for fiscal year 2016 were:

NEO
Shira Goodman1
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte
Joseph G. Doody
Michael Williams2

Ronald L. Sargent3
John Wilson4

Title
CEO
Executive Vice President and CFO
Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller
Vice Chairman
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer

CEO and Chairman
President International Operations and Head of Global 
Transformation

1 

2 
3 
4 

 Ms. Goodman served as President, North American Commercial until her appointment as interim CEO on June 14, 2016 and permanent CEO on 
September 25, 2016. 
Mr. Williams’ title was Executive Vice President and General Counsel until January 2017.
Mr. Sargent stepped down from the CEO position on June 14, 2016 and left Staples on January 28, 2017.
Mr. Wilson left Staples on October 31, 2016.

Messrs. Conte and Williams qualified as NEOs for 2016 due to the review of our management structure as part of Ms. Goodman’s 
transition to her new role as CEO.

30  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARYEXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In 2016, our executive compensation program had three elements: (1) base pay, (2) annual performance-based cash incentive 
and (3) long term incentive(s); for our CEO, from 2017 the long term incentive is 100% performance-based. For the other NEOs 
(excluding Mr. Conte), the long term incentive is 2/3rd performance-based and 1/3 time-based (Restricted Stock Units). The first 
chart below illustrates how our CEO’s target compensation in structured; the second chart shows the (average) target structure of 
NEOs other than the CEO (excludes Mr. Conte and NEOs who left Staples during 2016):

CEO Target Opportunity Mix

Elements of
Compensation

Base
Salary
11%

Annual

Incentives

17%

Long-Term Incentives

72%

Fixed vs.
Performance Based

Fixed
11%

Performance Based

89%

Annual vs.
Long-Term

Annual
28%

Cash vs. Equity

Cash
28%

Long-Term

72%

Equity
72%

NEO Average (excluding Mr. Conte & CEO)
Target Opportunity Mix

Elements of
Compensation

Base
Salary
24%

Annual

Incentives

18%

Fixed vs.
Performance Based

Annual vs.
Long-Term

Cash vs. Equity

Fixed
43%

Annual
42%

Cash
42%

Long-Term Incentives

58%

Performance Based

57%

Long-Term

58%

Equity
58%

Component
Base Salary
Annual Cash Award

Fixed or Variable
Fixed
100% Performance based

Performance Share Award

100% Performance based

2016 Benchmark/Metrics
• Based on median of peers
• 50% Earnings Per Share
• 25% Total Gross Profit Dollars
• 25% Total Sales
• 50% Return on Net Asset (RONA) %
• 50% Operating Income Growth %
•  +/-  25%  based  on  3-year  Relative  Total  Shareholder 

Return (TSR)

Restricted Stock Unit Award
Benefits

100% Time based
Fixed

• Vest ratably over 3 years (1/3, 1/3, 1/3)
• Broad-based plans and limited executive perquisites

2016 Compensation Results

The  Committee  sets  rigorous  financial  metrics  tied  directly 
to the success of our strategy and the creation of long-term 
shareholder value in a highly competitive industry.

within the first 90 days of the fiscal year. Target performance 
goals are generally based on our fiscal year operating plan and 
outlook for the coming year.

Both  our  annual  cash  award  and  our  performance  share 
awards  for  2016  were  100%  tied  to  objective  and  rigorous 
financial  goals.  We  set  our  goals  for  our  incentive  programs 

The  following  tables  set  out  our  results  against  our  pre-
determined, rigorous performance goals, under our incentive 
award plans for which there was a payout opportunity in 2016.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  31 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Annual Cash Incentive Award

Shira Goodman
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte1
Joseph G. Doody 
Michael Williams

Ronald L. Sargent

Target 
Value $
$1,244,291
$621,154
$189,609
$593,635
$271,802

Actual 
Value $
$584,817
$291,942
$120,378
$279,008
$127,747

Realized Value as 
% of Target
47%
47%
63.5%
47%
47%

$1,873,812

$880,692

47%

1 
* 

 Mr. Conte is not a member of Staples leadership team and was eligible for a different bonus plan in 2016 than the other NEOs. 
Mr. Wilson was not eligible to receive a payment under the Annual Cash Incentive Award as he left Staples on October 31, 2016.

Performance Share Award

In March 2017, performance shares were earned and released 
for the 2014-2016 performance cycle. 

•  The  target  value  and  target  number  of  shares  were 

determined at the start of the performance period

•  The realized value is a function of the number of shares 
earned, adjusted for relative total shareholder return and 
the stock price when shares are released

Performance Share Award, 2014 – 2016

•  For  the  3-year  performance  period  from  2014  –  2016, 
cumulative  total  shareholder  return  fell  in  the  bottom 
one-third of the S&P 500, resulting in a 25% reduction in 
shares earned

•  As  a  result,  the  realized  value  of  performance  share 

awards was 53.925% of target value

Name
Shira Goodman
Christine Komola
Mark Conte3
Joseph Doody
Michael Williams4

Ronald Sargent
John Wilson5

Target 
Value $
$2,169,112
$2,169,112
—
$2,169,112
$406,271

Target 
Shares1
161,874
161,874
—
161,874
30,019

Shares 
Awarded
87,291
87,291
—
87,291
16,189

Actual 
Value $2
$766,415
$766,415
—
$766,415
$142,139

Realized Value as 
% of Target
53.925%
53.925%
—
53.925%
53.925%

$8,225,000
$2,169,112

613,806
161,874

330,996
82,289

$2,906,145
$722,497

53.925%
50.835%

1 
2 
3 
4 

5 

 Target shares calculated on share price of $13.40 on March 5, 2014 grant date and rounded up to the nearest full share. 
 Value based on closing price of $8.78 of Staples stock on date of release (March 7, 2017). 
 Mr. Conte is not eligible to receive Performance Share Awards.
 Target shares calculated on share price of $13.40 on March 5, 2014 grant date and $14.43 on December 3, 2014 grant date, rounded up to the 
nearest full share.
 Mr. Wilson’s award was pro-rated to reflect the fact that he left Staples on October 31, 2016.

 

 

Total shareholder return (TSR) Notwithstanding our progress on key Staples 20/20 objectives, we believe total shareholder 
return on a 1-year basis was negatively affected by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruling in May, 2016 granting 
the Federal Trade Commission’s request for a preliminary injunction to block Staples’ acquisition of Office Depot, as well as year-
over-year declines in total company sales and non-GAAP earnings per share during fiscal years 2014 – 2016. Our stock prices on 
the first and last day of fiscal 2016 were $8.92 and $9.16 respectively.

Total Shareholder Return
1-year
3-year

Staples
+8%
-21%

S&P Retail 
Index
+18%
+67%

S&P 500
+20%
+36%

32  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARYEXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

New CEO Compensation

In 2016, Staples transitioned our CEO position from Mr. Sargent 
to Ms. Goodman, who was appointed to the role of interim CEO 
on  June  14,  2016,  and  permanent  CEO  on  September  25, 
2016. The Committee engaged its independent compensation 
consultant, Exequity, to provide data and analysis to support 
the  Committee’s  decision-making  process  in  agreeing  an 
appropriate  target  compensation  structure  and  value  for  the 
new CEO.

In  reaching  its  decision,  the  Committee  considered  many 
factors,  including  peer  group  CEO  compensation,  tenure  of 
each of the CEOs, and the revenue and market capitalization 
of  the  peer  group  companies.  The  analysis  also  took  into 
account  whether  the  role  of  CEO  at  the  peer  companies 
was a combined CEO / Chair role or whether the peer group 
company had separate CEO and independent Chair roles.

Ms. Goodman’s total target annual compensation as CEO is at the 25th percentile of our peer group companies

The Committee determined that the following target total compensation was appropriate:

Base Salary

Annual Cash Incentive

Long Term Incentive

•  Ms.  Goodman’s  annual  base  pay 
was  increased  from  $700,000  to 
$1,100,000  with  effect  from  her 
appointment as CEO

•  Ms. Goodman served as interim CEO 
between June 14 and September 24, 
2016. During this time, Ms. Goodman 
received a monthly stipend allowance 
of  $30,500 
recognize  her 
additional  responsibilities  as  interim 
CEO, in addition to her base pay of 
$700,000.  This  stipend  ceased  on 
her appointment to the CEO role on 
September 25, 2016

to 

•  The  base  salary  of  $1,100,000 
represents an 11.9% reduction in base 
salary compared to the base salary of 
Mr. Sargent, the previous CEO

•  Ms.  Goodman’s 

annual 

cash 
incentive  target  as  a  percentage  of 
base  pay  was  increased  from  85% 
to  150%  on  her  appointment  as 
interim CEO on June 14, 2016. The 
calculation of bonus earned took into 
account  base  pay  and  the  monthly 
stipend  she  received  to  recognize 
her role as interim CEO

•  The  150%  target  is  in  line  with 
Mr.  Sargent’s 
target  opportunity 
as  CEO  and  is  in  line  with  target 
percentages of peer group companies

•  On the change of incumbent in the 
CEO role, the Committee determined 
that it would be appropriate for the 
CEO long term incentive to be 100% 
performance-based

•  The  Committee  also  determined 
that the target value of the CEO long 
term incentive should be reduced

•  The  Committee’s  guiding  principle 
in  moving 
from  a  Long  Term 
Incentive  (“LTI”)  practice  of  2/3rds 
Performance  Shares,  1/3rd  time-
based  Restricted  Stock  Units  was 
to reinforce our pay for performance 
philosophy  and  to  more  fully  align 
our CEO’s interests with those of our 
shareholders

•  Consequently,  Ms.  Goodman’s  first 
long  term  incentive  grant  as  CEO 
was  granted  100%  in  performance 
shares,  with  a 
target  value  of 
$7,250,000

•  This 

represents  a 

reduction  of 
$975,000  or  11.8%  of  the  target 
LTI  value  of  the  previous  CEO, 
Mr. Sargent

Taking these changes together, this represents a reduction in target annual compensation for our CEO in excess of $1.3M or 
11.8%, as set out in the table below.

Base Salary
Target Annual Cash Incentive
Total Target Annual Cash
Long Term Incentives
Target Value - Performance Shares
Grant Date Value - Restricted Stock Units
Long Term Incentives - Total Target Value
Total Target Annual Compensation 

Target Annual Compensation as CEO

150%

150%

Mr. Sargent
$1,249,208
$1,873,812
$3,123,020

$5,483,333
$2,741,667
$8,225,000
$11,348,020

Ms. Goodman
$1,100,000
$1,650,000
$2,750,000

$7,250,000
0
$7,250,000
$10,000,000

Difference, 
Ms. Goodman 
vs. Mr. Sargent
-$149,208

-$373,020

-$975,000
-$1,348,020

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  33 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II   2016 COMPENSATION PROGRAM

Overview

The  Committee’s  compensation  decisions  in  2016  were 
intended  to  drive  the  highest  level  of  executive  team 
engagement  to  lead  the  organization  through  its  strategic 
objectives,  and  to  attract  and  retain  world-class  executive 
talent. In the course of its review, the Committee considered the 
complexity of the business, input on current market practices 
from the Committee’s independent compensation consultant 
and  management,  the  highly  competitive  environment  for 
talent and prior years’ Say-on-Pay votes.

•  Staples’  compensation  philosophy  is  to  target  market 
median  for  base  salary,  annual  cash  and  long-term 
incentive opportunities

•  For  2016, 

the  annual  cash 

incentive  was  100% 
performance based and the long term incentive was 2/3 
performance-based (in the form of performance shares) 
and 1/3 time-based (in the form of restricted stock units) 

•  For 2017, the CEO’s long term incentive will be delivered 
100% in the form of performance shares, such that 89% 
of  the  total  target  compensation  for  the  CEO  will  be 
performance-based. In 2016, Mr. Sargent’s compensation 
was 65% performance-based.

Ms. Goodman - Total Compensation at Risk

Mr. Sargent - Total Compensation at Risk

Compensation 
Not At Risk: 11%

Compensation 
Not At Risk: 35%

Compensation At Risk: 89%

Compensation At Risk: 65%

Pay Elements

The table below summarizes the core elements of our 2016 compensation program for our NEOs.

Principal Contribution to 
Compensation Objectives

Base Salary
Attracts, retains and rewards 
talented executives with 
annual salary that reflects 
the executive’s performance, 
skill set and value in the 
marketplace

Performance Metrics

Base Salary

+ Annual Cash Incentive Awards

+ Performance Shares

•  Focuses executives on 

annual financial and 
operating results

•  Links compensation to 

strategic plan

•  Enables total cash 

compensation to remain 
competitive within the 
marketplace for executive 
talent

•  EPS, Gross Profit Dollars 

and Total Sales Growth

•  Rewards achievement 
of long-term business 
objectives and stockholder 
value creation

•  Propels engagement in 

long-term strategic vision, 
with upside for superior 
performance

•  Retains successful and 

talented management team
• RONA %, Sales Growth %

Base  salaries  are  reviewed  and  established  annually  or 
upon  promotion  /  following  a  change  in  job  responsibilities. 
Management makes recommendations based on market data, 
internal pay equity and each executive’s level of responsibility, 
experience, expertise and performance.

In  March  2016,  our  senior  leadership  team  (including  the 
NEOs,  other  than  our  Senior  Vice  President  and  Corporate 
Controller) elected not to receive any base salary increase. The 
Committee  agreed,  and  also  decided  that  Ms.  Komola,  our 
CFO,  would  not  receive  at  the  time,  the  second  tranche  of 
her  salary  increase  previously  approved  in  November  2015. 
Our Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, while an 

34  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

executive  officer,  is  not  a  member  of  our  senior  leadership 
team and received a base salary increase of 1.5%, effective 
May 1, 2016, in line with our merit budget for associates other 
than the senior leadership team. In June 2016, Ms. Komola 
received  her  increase  of  7.1%,  which  had  been  approved 

in  November  2015  in  order  to  more  appropriately  position 
her  salary  compared  to  peer  group  CFOs.  Ms.  Goodman’s 
salary  was  increased  in  connection  with  her  promotion  to 
CEO  as  described  in  the  “Executive  Summary  –  New  CEO 
Compensation” section of this CD&A.

Annual Cash Incentive Plan

The NEOs are eligible to earn cash awards based on Company performance under the Amended and Restated Executive Officer 
Incentive Plan (other than Mr. Conte, who participates in our Annual Performance Award plan instead). Target awards are granted 
as a percentage of base salary. 

The table below sets out the target % for 2016:

NEO
Shira Goodman1
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte
Joseph G. Doody
Michael Williams

Ronald L. Sargent
John Wilson2

Target %
150%
85%
50%
85%
50%

150%
Not applicable

1 

2 

 Ms. Goodman’s annual cash incentive target as a percentage of base was increased from 85% to 150% on her appointment as interim CEO on 
June 14, 2016.
 Mr. Wilson left Staples during 2016 and was not eligible to receive a payment under our annual cash incentive plan as a result.

Financial Performance Metrics

In  March  2016,  the  Committee  selected  three  performance 
metrics for the 2016 annual cash incentive awards:

• EPS (50%)

• Gross Profit Dollars (25%)

• Total Sales Growth (25%)

While EPS remained the same, Gross Profit Dollars and Total 
Sales  Growth  replaced  our  2015  metrics  of  Gross  Margin 
Dollars and Beyond Office Supplies Sales Growth, respectively. 
Gross  Profit  Dollars  includes  distribution,  delivery,  rent  and 
other  occupancy  expense,  and  the  Committee  believed  this 
was a more appropriate metric given our initiatives to reduce 
cost and improve efficiency in our supply chain and retail store 
network. The Committee also believed that Total Sales Growth 

better aligned with our 2016 business objectives of growing 
mid-market sales in our delivery business, and driving traffic 
in  stores  and  online  across  all  categories.  Our  performance 
metrics are calculated on a non-GAAP basis. 

Each  performance  objective  was  assigned  an  associated 
threshold  achievement  level  below  which  no  portion  of  the 
bonus  attributable  to  that  measurement  was  to  be  paid. 
Additionally, target and maximum levels are set with increased 
payouts  for  better  than  expected  performance,  with  a 
maximum payout of 200% of target. 

The Committee, working with its independent compensation 
consultant,  employed  statistical  modeling  and  exercised 
judgment to assess the degree of difficulty of hitting various 
levels  of  performance  to  ensure  the  goals  were  robust  yet 
attainable  in  the  context  of  our  business  environment  and 
progress to date on the reinvention strategy.

No portion of any bonus is payable in the event the company fails to achieve the threshold EPS

2016 Annual Cash Incentive Plan - Goals & Metrics

Shira Goodman
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte1
Joseph G. Doody 
Michael Williams

Ronald L. Sargent

Target 
Value $
$1,244,291
$621,154
$189,609
$593,635
$271,802

Actual 
Value $
$584,817
$291,942
$120,378
$279,008
$127,747

Realized 
Value as % of Target
47%
47%
63.5%
47%
47%

$1,873,812

$880,692

47%

1 

 Mr. Conte is not a member of Staples leadership team and was eligible for a different bonus plan in 2016 than the other NEOs. While the metrics 
were the same, the goals for Total Gross Profit $ and Total Sales Growth under this plan excluded our European and US Retail business units, 
resulting in an additional payout under the Total Gross Profit $ metric.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  35 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Metric
Earnings Per Share
Total Gross Profit $
Total Sales Growth
Total Payout %

Weighting
50%
25%
25%

Threshold
$0.86
$5,305M
(0.6%)

Target
$0.91
$5,491M
1.4%

Maximum
$0.96
$5,677M
3.5%

Actual
$0.906
$5,191M
(1.6%)

Achievement to 
Target
99%
94%
95%

Contribution to 
Total Payout
47%
0%
0%
47%

Earnings per Share (EPS) - Earnings per share is calculated 
based on figures reported in our financial statements, adjusted 
to remove certain non-recurring or non-cash charges. EPS is 
a funding mechanism for our annual cash incentive program 
and minimum performance must be attained for any payment 
to  be  earned.  EPS  generally  is  deemed  to  be  a  measure  of 
financial  success  and  its  maximization  is  a  prime  indicator 
of  operational  health.  The  target  goal  was  $0.91,  which 
reflected an increase of $0.02 versus the target goal in 2015. 
In addition, the gap between threshold and target goals was 
set at just $0.05. This increased the difficulty of achieving the 
minimum EPS required to earn any annual incentive from 2015 
and 2014, where the gap between threshold and target was 
$0.10 and $0.15, respectively. 

Total  Gross  Profit  $  -  Gross  profit  $  is  defined  as  sales, 
net  of  direct  product  costs  (including  the  impact  of  vendor 
rebates  or  other  promotional  income),  reserves  for  returns 
and  allowances,  and  charges/credits  for  obsolescence, 

Long Term Incentive Plan Awards

The 2016 long-term incentive awards for our NEOs (excluding 
Mr. Conte, who is not eligible to receive performance shares) 
for  2016  were  granted  2/3  as  performance  shares  and  1/3 
as time-based Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”), as authorized 
under our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan.

RSUs

•  The Committee includes RSUs in the long-term incentive 
mix  to  be  in  line  with  typical  practice  among  our  peer 
group and the broader market.

•  The  Committee  based  its  determination  on  feedback 
from  shareholders,  consultations  with  its  independent 
compensation consultant, the need to remain competitive 
in  the  marketplace  in  recruiting  top  talent  and  other 
factors  relating  to  each  equity  vehicle’s  impact  on  both 
the participants and the company.

•  The  RSUs  vest  in  three  equal  annual  installments,  such 
that they are fully vested on the third anniversary of the 
grant date. 

2016 Plan Year Goals & Metrics

shrink, other margin additives, logistics and rent & occupancy 
(excluding the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations). 

Total  Sales  Growth  -  Sales  is  defined  as  net  sales  of  all 
product categories across both our core office products and 
beyond  office  supplies  categories  (excluding  the  impact  of 
foreign exchange fluctuations). 

For 2017, we simplified the annual bonus plan for our NEOs to 
be 50% based on our North American Retail results and 50% 
based on our North American Delivery results, with no bonus 
payable  if  a  threshold  EPS  goal  is  not  achieved.  The  metric 
selected  for  our  North  American  Retail  plan  was  Operating 
Income (100%). The metrics selected for our North American 
Delivery plan were Operating Income (50%) and Sales Growth 
(50%).  These  changes  to  the  annual  cash  incentive  plan 
reinforce  our  Staples  20/20  strategy,  align  with  our  focus  to 
North America and the core deliverables of accelerating growth 
in our North American Delivery business and preserving profit 
in our North American Retail business.

Performance Shares

•  The  performance  shares  were  subject  to  a  three-year 
performance  period,  with  cumulative  three-year  goals. 
The  Committee  also  set  goals  for  the  third  year  of  our 
2014-2016  long-term  awards  and  second  year  of  our 
2015-2017 long-term awards, which had one-year goals 
set annually for the three-year performance periods.

•  With respect to the performance shares, the award will be 
increased or decreased by 25% based on the company’s 
three-year total shareholder return relative to the returns 
generated by the S&P 500 companies. 

•  As  of  January  28,  2017,  our  total  shareholder  return 
over the 2014-2016 performance period was at the 10th 
percentile of the S&P 500. Therefore, any awards earned 
for  the  2014-2016  long-term  awards  were  reduced 
by 25%.

For 2016, the last year of the 2014 – 2016 performance cycle and the second year of the 2015-2017 performance cycle, the 
Committee selected Return on Net Assets (“RONA”) % and Sales Growth %, each weighted at 50%, as the performance metrics. 
These were the same metrics as used in 2014 and 2015 and were selected because they were linked to the execution of our 
reinvention strategy and are indicators of stockholder value enhancement. The fiscal 2016 goals were as follows:

Metric
RONA %
Sales Growth %
Total Plan Payout

Weighting Threshold

50%
50%

9.00% 9.19%
1.4%
(0.6%)

Target Maximum Actual Payout %
100%
0%
50%

9.38% 9.19%
3.5% (1.6%)

RONA % - RONA is calculated as net operating profit after taxes (operating profit, add rent expense) as a percentage of net assets 
(total assets, add interest bearing debt, add net capitalized rent, add implied goodwill). 
Sales Growth % - Sales Growth is based on sales figures reported in our financial statements of 2016 compared to 2015.

36  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Performance Share Award 2014 – 2016

The tables below set forth for each NEO the target award for the three-year performance period 2014-2016, actual shares earned, 
and the level of goal achievement for fiscal years 2014-2016.

Name
Shira Goodman
Christine Komola
Mark Conte3
Joseph Doody
Michael Williams4

Ronald Sargent
John Wilson5

Target  
Value$
$2,169,112
$2,169,112
—
$2,169,112
$406,271

Target  
Shares1
161,874
161,874
—
161,874
30,019

Shares  
Awarded
87,291
87,291
—
87,291
16,189

Actual  
Value$2
$766,415
$766,415
—
$766,415
$142,139

Realized Value  
as % of Target
53.925%
53.925%
—
53.925%
53.925%

$8,225,000
$2,169,112

613,806
161,874

330,996
82,289

$2,906,145
$722,497

53.925%
50.835%

1 
2 
3 
4 

5 

Target shares calculated on share price of $13.40 on March 5, 2014 grant date and rounded up to the nearest full share. 
Value based on closing price of $8.78 of Staples stock on date of release (March 7, 2017).
Mr. Conte is not eligible to receive performance share awards and instead receives his long-term incentive solely in the form of RSUs.
Target shares calculated on share price of $13.40 on March 5, 2014 grant date and $14.43 on December 3, 2014 grant date, rounded up to 
the nearest full share. Mr. Williams received a second tranche of performance shares in 2014 in connection with his promotion from Senior Vice 
President to Executive Vice President.
Mr. Wilson’s award was pro-rated to reflect the fact that he left Staples on October 31, 2016.

3 Year Performance Period Achievement 

(2014 – 2016)

RONA %

Sales Growth %

Total Payout % for three-year cycle (87.26% + 78.44% + 50.00% / 3) =
Actual payout % after -25% TSR modifier applied (71.90% x 75%)

Performance Share Award 2015 – 2017  
(three-year performance period, annual goals)

Actual Results
Target Goal
Weighting
Payout % 

FY14
8.95%
8.90%
50%

FY15
9.03%
9.16%
50%
103.55% 90.85%

FY16
9.19%
9.19% 
50%
100%

Actual Results
Target Goal
Weighting
Payout % 
Plan Year Payout %

-0.61%
2.29%
50%

(1.6%)
-2.22%
1.4%
1.2%
50%
50%
70.97% 66.02%
0.00%
87.26% 78.44% 50.00%

71.90%
53.925%

The goal achievement for 2015 and 2016 will also be applied to the corresponding annual goals for our 2015-2017 performance 
share awards granted in March 2015 (subject to the TSR modifier), as set out below: 

3 Year Performance Period Achievement  

(2015 - 2017)

Name
Christine Komola
Mark Conte1
Joseph Doody
Michael Williams

Ronald Sargent2
John Wilson2

Target  
Value$
$2,169,109
—
$2,169,109
$575,009

Target  
Shares
130,748
—
130,748
34,660

$8,225,007
$2,169,109

495,781
130,748

2015 
(RONA% and 
Sales Growth%)
78.44%

2016 
(RONA% and 
Sales Growth%)
50.00%

2017 
(RONA% and 
Sales Growth%)
TBD

1 
2 
* 

Mr. Conte is not eligible to receive performance shares and receives his long-term incentive solely in the form of RSUs.
Messrs. Sargent and Wilson’s awards will be pro-rated to reflect the fact that they left Staples on January 28, 2017 and October 31, 2016, respectively.
Achievement against 2017 goals will be determined by the Committee in March 2018.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  37 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Performance Share Award 2016 – 2018 
(three-year performance period, three-year 
cumulative goals)

In response to shareholder feedback in 2016, the Committee 
adopted  three-year  cumulative  goals  for  the  2016-2018 
performance period. The Committee selected Return on Net 

Assets (RONA) % and Operating Income Growth ($M), each 
weighted  at  50%  as  the  performance  metrics.  Operating 
Income Growth ($M) replaced Sales Growth % as one of the 
two  metrics  to  include  our  initiatives  related  to  sales  growth 
and operating efficiency in our long-term incentive plan. 

The table below sets forth the target award for each NEO for 
2016-2018:

3 Year Performance Period Achievement  

(2016 - 2018)

Name
Shira Goodman1
Christine Komola
Mark Conte2
Joseph Doody
Michael Williams

Ronald Sargent3
John Wilson3

Target  
Value$*
$1,446,071
$1,446,071
—
$1,446,071
$383,334

Target  
Shares
137,721
137,721
—
137,721
36,508

$5,483,342
$1,446,071

522,223
137,721

The  2016  –  2018  performance  cycle  was  the  first 
performance cycle where we set 3-year cumulative 
goals. Achievement against those 3-year cumulative 
goals  will  be  determined  by  the  Compensation 
Committee in March 2019.

* 
1 
2 
3 

Reflects move to 2/3 performance shares and 1/3 RSUs for the 2016-2018 performance cycle. 
Ms. Goodman received her grant prior to her promotion to CEO.
Mr. Conte is not eligible to receive performance shares and receives his long-term incentive solely in the form of RSUs.
Messrs. Sargent and Wilson’s awards will be pro-rated to reflect the fact that they left Staples on January 28, 2017 and October 31, 2016, respectively.

2016 Restricted Stock Unit Grant

The table below sets forth for each NEO the target award for the annual Restricted Stock Unit grant made on April 22, 2016:

Name
Shira Goodman
Christine Komola
Mark Conte1
Mark Conte2
Joseph Doody
Michael Williams

Ronald Sargent3
John Wilson3

Grant Date Value $*
$723,041
$723,041
$275,004
$300,003
$723,041
$191,667

Shares Granted
68,861
68,861
31,109
33,937
68,861
18,254

$2,741,676
$723,041

261,112
68,861

* 
1 

2 
3 

Reflects move to 2/3 performance shares and 1/3 RSUs for the 2016 -2018 performance cycle.
Mr. Conte is not a member of our senior leadership team and received his annual grant of restricted stock units in July, along with Staples’ other 
eligible associates.
Mr. Conte received an additional special equity grant in July 2016.
Messrs. Sargent and Wilson’s awards were forfeited upon their respective departures from Staples.

38  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Setting Performance Goals

The table below highlights our history of setting challenging performance goals.

Annual Cash Incentive

Performance Share Award for 2014-2016

2016
2015
2014

2016
2015
2014

Goal Attainment %
%
96.7%
69.5%
99.5%

%
50.00%
78.44%
87.26%
71.90%

Payout %
%
47.0%
33.1%
87.0%

%

*53.925%

*  

Payout reflects downward adjustment related to relative TSR for the respective three-tier period.

Executive Benefits & Perquisites

Retirement Benefits

•   We  do  not  have  a  pension  plan  in  which  our  NEOs 
participate. However, our NEOs are eligible to participate 
in defined contribution retirement income plans that are 
fully  funded  by  the  NEOs  and  supported  by  Staples 
through limited matching contributions. 

•   Our NEOs are eligible to participate in our 401(k) qualified 
plan on the same basis as our other salaried associates; 
however, their contributions are limited to 2% of eligible 
compensation.  Due  to  the  limitations  on  our  officers’ 
ability  to  contribute  to  our  401(k)  plan,  we  maintain 
the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”), 
which  is  a  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  plan 
intended  to  provide  comparable  benefits  above  the 
applicable limits of our 401(k) qualified plan. Under the 
SERP, officers of Staples may defer a total of up to 90% 
of  their  base  salary  and  bonus  and  receive  matching 
contributions  up  to  a  maximum  of  4%  of  base  salary 
and bonus.

Health and Welfare Benefits

•   Our NEOs are eligible to participate in standard health 
and welfare programs on the same basis as our other 
salaried  associates.  These  programs  include  medical, 

dental, vision, disability, and supplemental life insurance. 
We  also  have  an  Executive  Benefits  Program  for  all 
senior officers of Staples, including the NEOs, consisting 
of  life  insurance,  long-term  care  insurance,  a  survivor 
benefit plan, and an executive physical program; as well 
as a legacy supplemental long term disability benefit in 
which  Ms.  Goodman  is  the  only  NEO  who  continues 
to participate. Ms. Goodman was provided this benefit 
before she was appointed CEO. For each plan or policy 
described  above  that  requires  payment  of  periodic 
premiums  or  other  contributions,  we  generally  pay 
such premiums or other contributions for the benefit of 
each NEO. 

•   In  December  2016,  the  Committee  scaled  back  the 
Executive  Benefits  Program  by  eliminating  the  non-
standard  life  insurance,  long-term  care  insurance  and 
executive  physical  benefits  for  employees  hired  on  or 
after  January  1,  2017,  and  reducing  the  amount  of 
the benefit available to them under the survivor benefit 
plan.  For  current  employees,  the  Committee  (i)  froze 
the  amount  of  the  benefit  available  to  them  under  the 
non-standard  life  insurance  benefit  and  the  survivor 
benefit  plan  as  of  December  31,  2016,  (ii)  eliminated 
the  executive  physical  benefit  as  of  May  2017,  and 
(iii)  eliminated  the  company  reimbursement  for  their 
long-term care insurance benefit as of July 2017 (with 
some exceptions for employees over 65 years of age).

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  39 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Expatriate Benefits

•   Mr.  Wilson  received  certain  expatriate  benefits  in 

connection with his assignment to the Netherlands.

For more information about retirement and other benefits, see 
the “All Other Compensation” table” in this proxy statement.

Minimal Executive Perquisites

Our  executive  compensation  program  is  almost  completely 
free of perquisites.

•   Policy against reimbursement of excise tax on change 
in control payments. We maintain a policy that prohibits 
Staples from entering into any compensation, severance, 
or  employment-related  agreement  that  provides  for  a 
gross up payment to cover taxes triggered by a change 
in control, including taxes payable under Sections 280G 
and 4999 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code.

•   Aircraft  Policy.  During  2016,  Staples  terminated  its 
leased  aircraft  agreement  and  the  policy  of  personal 
use of our leased aircraft. There was no personal use of 
our leased aircraft during our 2016 fiscal year before the 
termination of the policy.

•   Tax  Services  Reimbursement  Program.  We  reimburse 
some of our NEOs up to $5,000 each year for tax, estate, 
or financial planning services from a pre-approved list of 
service providers that must not include our independent 
registered public accounting firm. The reimbursements 
are not grossed up for taxes. The program allows for our 
CEO to be reimbursed up to $50,000 each year. On her 
appointment to the role of CEO, Ms. Goodman declined 
to  accept  the  increase  in  tax  service  reimbursement 
from $5,000 to $50,000. The company plans to phase 
out this program during 2017.

III  COMPENSATION PROCESS
Pay Philosophy 

It is the company’s philosophy that:

•  Pay  should  be  performance-based,  so  that  excellent 
results  yield  relatively  high  pay  and  poor  results  yield 
relatively low pay

•  Salaries and incentives should be referenced to median 
peer group practices, but when making decisions about 
compensation  levels,  the  Committee  relies  upon  its 
judgment and not on rigid guidelines or formulas

The Compensation Committee’s Process

The  Committee  has  established  a  number  of  processes  to  help  ensure  that  our  executive  compensation  program  meets  its 
objectives and is consistent with the pay philosophy described above. These processes also helped to inform the design of the 
2016 Compensation Program described above.

•  Reviewing  total  compensation  strategy  and  pay  levels 

for executives

•  Performing  competitive  analyses  of  outside  board 

member and CEO compensation

•  Examining  all  aspects  of  executive  compensation 
the 

to  assess  whether 

they  support 

programs 
business strategy

Independent Compensation Consultant 

Our Committee charter authorizes the Committee to engage 
independent  legal  and  other  advisors  and  consultants  as  it 
deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its responsibilities 
and prohibits the Committee’s compensation consultants from 
serving  as  Staples’  regular  advisors  and  consultants.  In  our 
2016  fiscal  year,  the  Committee  continued  to  use  Exequity 
LLP  as  an  independent  advisor  to  advise  on  and  assist  the 
Committee with executive compensation matters. Under the 
terms  of  its  written  agreement,  Exequity  is  responsible  for, 
among other matters:

40  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•  Preparing  for  and  attending  selected  Committee  and 

Board meetings

•  Supporting  the  Committee  in  staying  current  on  the 
latest legal, regulatory and other industry considerations 
affecting executive compensation and benefit programs

•  Providing general advice to the Committee with respect 
to  all  compensation  decisions  pertaining  to  the  CEO 
and  all  compensation 
recommendations  submitted 
by management

During  our  2016  fiscal  year,  the  independent  consultant 
performed these responsibilities and met with the Committee 
in  executive  session  without  the  presence  of  management. 
Exequity  was  also  engaged  to  support  the  Compensation 
Committee with analysis and recommendations with respect 
to appropriate target annual compensation for Ms. Goodman 

on her appointment to the role of CEO.

Consistent  with  the  terms  of  the  written  agreement  and  the 
Committee  charter,  Exequity  has,  with  the  knowledge  and 
consent of the Committee, provided input to management on 
matters to be presented by management to the Committee. 
Exequity  has  not  performed  services  for  Staples  that  were 
unrelated  to  Committee  matters.  During  2016,  with  the 
Committee’s  approval,  Exequity  assisted  management 
by  providing  compensation  data  related  to  executive  and 
non-executive  positions.  Most  of  the  data  reviewed  by  the 
Committee  is  generated  by  management  and  reviewed 
and  advised  upon  by  the  compensation  consultant.  The 
principal consultant from Exequity attended each of the four 
Committee  meetings  during  our  2016  fiscal  year.  Exequity 
was  paid  $87,861  for  all  services  rendered  during  2016.  In 
September  2016,  the  Committee  performed  a  conflict  of 
interest assessment with respect to Exequity and no conflict of 
interest was identified.

Benchmarking 

is 

to 

typical  practice 

The  Committee’s 
review  NEO 
compensation  on  an  annual  basis  at  its  regularly  scheduled 
meeting in December of each year, ahead of the beginning of 
the new fiscal year. The Committee typically benchmarks each 
NEO’s  compensation  against  data  and  analysis  provided  by 
management and the independent compensation consultant 
based on current proxy statement data from our peer group, 
and 
the  Company’s  performance, 
shareholder  feedback,  and  the  results  of  our  Say-on-Pay 
advisory vote.

into  account 

taking 

In  2016,  the  Committee  met  in  executive  session  and 
engaged the independent compensation consultant to provide 
benchmarking analysis and recommendations with respect to 
Ms. Goodman’s target compensation in connection with her 
appointment to the CEO role on an interim basis in June, and a 
permanent basis in September, as described in the “Executive 

Peer Group 

Summary – New CEO Compensation” section of this CD&A. 
Given the departures of Messrs. Sargent and Wilson in 2016, 
the  expectation  that  Ms.  Goodman  would  be  reviewing  our 
management structure as part of her transition to the new role, 
the  Committee’s  previous  extensive  analysis  of  current  NEO 
compensation, and the fact that our Senior Vice President and 
Corporate Controller and Executive Vice President and Chief 
Legal Officer were not expected to be NEOs going forward, 
the  Committee  did  not  make  any  changes  to  the  executive 
compensation  for  our  other  NEOs  and  determined  that  its 
typical benchmarking would not be productive. 

Instead,  in  December  2016  the  Committee  focused  on  the 
competitiveness of base salary, total cash compensation (base 
salary plus annual cash bonus) and total long-term incentive 
compensation levels that would potentially be associated with 
Ms. Goodman’s new management structure. 

The Committee reviews our peer group extensively every three 
years, the last review being conducted in 2015.

The peer group analysis was conducted by the Committee’s 
independent compensation consultant, using a proprietary 
model  to  compare  the  “fit”  of  each  of  the  peer  group 
companies to Staples’ profile based on industry, company 
size, market valuation, and performance.

Based  on  a  quantitative  and  qualitative  assessment,  the 
Committee retained twelve of the then peer group companies 
and included six new peer group companies. These changes 
were  designed  to  ensure  the  overall  peer  group  was  more 
appropriately aligned with Staples from a revenue and market 
capitalization perspective. 

The new companies selected at that time are shaded in the 
table below:

Bed Bath & Beyond
Best Buy Co., Inc.
CarMax, Inc.*
FedEx Corporation
Gap Inc.
J.C. Penney Company, Inc.

Kohl’s Corporation
L Brands, Inc.
Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
Macy’s, Inc.
NIKE, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.

Office Depot, Inc.
Publix Super Markets, Inc.
Rite Aid Corporation
Sysco Corporation
The TJX Companies, Inc.
Xerox Corporation

* 

CarMax, Inc. will be removed from the peer group as our new CEO, Ms. Goodman, serves on the CarMax, Inc. Board.

We will again review our peer group in 2017 to ensure appropriate alignment for industry, revenue and capitalization following 
the divestiture of our European business and our geographic focus to North America, in addition to our strategic shift to B2B 
and delivery.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  41 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Compensation Analysis & Conclusions

This section describes the Committee’s analysis and conclusions relating to the overall level of compensation for our CEO and 
other named executive officers.

CEO Compensation 

Please refer to the “Executive Summary – Shareholder Feedback and Board Response” and “New CEO Compensation” sections 
of this CD&A for a full description of how Ms. Goodman’s total target compensation as CEO was determined.

Compensation  at  Target  -  Based  on  the  analysis  of  peer 
group  CEO  compensation  provided  by  the  independent 
compensation  consultant, 
target 

the  Committee  set 

compensation for Ms. Goodman at the 25th percentile of our 
peer group companies.

Other NEO Compensation

this  CD&A, 

As discussed in the “Compensation Process – Benchmarking” 
section  of 
the  Committee  had  previously 
been  provided  with  extensive  analysis  with  respect  to  the 
compensation  of  our  other  NEOs  over  the  preceding  years, 
and  did  not  engage  in  further  detailed  benchmarking  in 
2016.  The  Committee  had  previously  taken  steps  to  align 
Ms. Komola’s target compensation more closely with the 50th 
percentile of the peer group.

As  Ms.  Goodman  finalized  the  management  structure  for 
2017,  the  Committee  were  asked  by  management  at  the 
December  meeting  to  instead  review  the  appropriate  target 
compensation for two expected executive officer roles: (i) the 
role of Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer, which 
was filled in January 2017 by an external candidate, and (ii) the 
President, North American Delivery role, which was filled by an 
internal candidate at the beginning of fiscal 2017.

Conclusions

The  Committee  reviewed  and  established  the  target 
compensation for our CEO, appointed in September 2016 
and determined that the overall target compensation was 
appropriate,  given  the  target  compensation  agreed  was 
a significant reduction versus the target compensation of 

the  prior  CEO  and  that  it  aligned  with  the  25th  percentile 
of  Staples  peer  group  companies.  The  Committee  also 
determined  that  the  2016  compensation  for  the  other 
NEOs continued to be appropriate.

IV  OTHER MATTERS
Termination Scenarios 

regularly 

The  Committee 
reviews  all  compensation 
components  for  our  NEOs,  including  salary,  bonus,  current 
vested and unvested long term incentive compensation, the 
current value of owned shares, and cost of all perquisites and 
benefits.  In  addition,  the  Committee  periodically  examines 
similar information for other senior executives. 

The Committee also reviews the projected payout obligations 
under  potential  retirement, 
termination,  severance,  and 
change-in-control  scenarios  to  fully  understand  the  financial 
impact  of  each  of  these  scenarios  to  Staples  and  to 
the executives.

Input from Management

Certain  officers  within  our  Human  Resources  department 
regularly  attend  Committee  meetings  to  provide  information 
and recommendations regarding our executive compensation 
program,  including  the  Executive  Vice  President  of  Human 
Resources and Vice President of Compensation. 

Among  other  things,  these  officers  present  our  CEO’s 
recommendations  regarding  any  change  in  the  base  salary, 
bonus,  equity  compensation,  goals  related  to  performance-
based  cash  or  equity  compensation  and  other  benefits  of 

42  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Documentation  detailing 
the  above  components  and 
scenarios with their respective dollar amounts was prepared 
by management for each of our NEOs and reviewed by the 
Committee  in  March  2017.  This  information  was  prepared 
based on compensation data as of the end of fiscal year 2016 
and assumed that the various scenarios occurred at the end of 
fiscal year 2016. Similar termination scenario information with 
respect to our 2016 fiscal year is presented under the heading 
“Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control.”

Based  on  this  review,  the  Committee  found  the  total 
compensation  for  each  of  our  NEOs  under  these  various 
scenarios  to  be  reasonable.  Many  factors  were  considered, 
including, but not limited to, the contributions of the executive to 
Staples, the financial performance of Staples, the marketplace 
and the particular contemplated scenario. 

other  senior  executives.  These  officers  also  compile  other 
relevant  data  at  the  request  of  the  Committee.  The  CEO’s 
recommendations are based in part on the results of annual 
performance reviews of the other executives. 

The Committee is not bound by such recommendations but 
generally  takes  them  into  consideration  before  making  final 
determinations  about  the  compensation  of  such  executives 
other than our CEO. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The CEO, at the discretion of the Committee, may be invited 
to  attend  all  or  part  of  any  Committee  meeting  to  discuss 
compensation  matters  pertaining  to  the  other  executives. 
In fiscal 2016, Mr. Sargent attended the regularly scheduled 
compensation  committee  meetings  in  March  and  June. 

Ms. Goodman attended the regularly scheduled meetings in 
June and December. When discussing compensation matters 
pertaining  to  our  CEO,  the  Committee  generally  meets  in 
executive  sessions  with 
independent  compensation 
consultant without any member of management present. 

its 

Administration of Incentive Plan

The  Board  and  the  Committee,  through  delegated  powers, 
have  broad  discretion  in  administering  the  cash  and  stock 
incentive plans under which new awards may be made. This 
discretion  includes  the  authority  to  grant  awards,  determine 
target awards, and select performance objectives and goals, 
along  with  the  ability  to  adopt,  amend  and  repeal  such 
administrative  rules,  guidelines  and  practices  as  deemed 
advisable.  In  addition,  the  Committee  has  broad  discretion 
to  modify  awards  and  determine  goal  attainment  and  the 
payment of awards under our current plans. 

The Committee may determine to what extent, if any, specific 
items  are  to  be  counted  in  the  relevant  financial  measures 
for  any  particular  business  and  whether  special  one-time 
or  extraordinary  gains  and/or  losses  and/or  extraordinary 
events should or should not be included or considered in the 
calculation  of  goals.  The  Committee  can  decrease  but  not 
increase incentive awards for NEOs.

Risk Assessment 

At  the  December  2016  meeting,  the  Committee  conducted 
its  annual 
risk  assessment  of  our  executive  officer 
compensation programs. The evaluation included an analysis 
of the appropriateness of our peer group, compensation mix, 
performance metrics, performance goals and payout curves, 
payment  timing  and  adjustments,  equity  incentives,  stock 
ownership  guidelines/trading  policies,  performance  appraisal 
process  and  leadership/culture.  In  addition,  the  Committee 
reviewed  the  major  compensation  plans  with  regard  to  risk 
mitigators attributable to each of the programs.

The Board has delegated authority to the Chairman and CEO 
to  grant  stock  options  and  restricted  stock  units  and,  in  his 
capacity  as  Chairman,  restricted  stock  to  non-executive 
employees out of an annual pool of 600,000 shares. Given our 
appointment of an independent Chairman in 2017, the Board 
expects to revisit this delegation.

The  annual  pool  is  designed  to  be  used  between  quarterly 
Committee  meetings  to  facilitate  making  new  hire  and 
retention grants and to reward special accomplishments and 
achievements of associates. Awards from the annual pool are 
granted on the earlier of the first business day of the month 
that follows appropriate approval or two business days after 
the  Committee’s  ratification  of  the  award.  Awards  from  this 
pool cannot be granted to executive officers.

The  risk  mitigators  included  the  balanced  mix  of  cash  and 
equity  incentives,  the  mix  and  quality  of  the  performance 
metrics,  the  stock  ownership  guidelines  and  a  broad 
recoupment  policy.  The  Committee  also  considered  and 
reviewed  the  input  from  participants  in  our  corporate 
governance outreach program. 

Based on its evaluation and recognizing that all compensation 
programs are inherently risk laden, the Committee determined 
that the level of risk within our compensation programs was 
appropriate  and  did  not  encourage  excessive  risk  taking  by 
our  executives.  Accordingly,  the  Committee  concluded  that 
our compensation programs are not reasonably likely to have 
a material adverse effect on the Company.

Stock Ownership

Within  five  years  of  becoming  an  officer  of  the  Company,  our 
senior  executives  must  attain  minimum  ownership  of  Staples 
common stock equal in value to no less than a defined multiple 
of their salary. The applicable multiples for Company officers are:

• Presidents: 3x Salary

• Other Executive Officers: 1 - 2x Salary1

• CEO: 5x Salary

• CFO: 4x Salary

Recoupment Policy

As  of  January  28,  2017,  all  senior  executives  had  achieved 
the  minimum  ownership  except  for  Ms.  Goodman  and 
Ms.  Komola,  who  were  both  within  their  phase-in  period. 
Ms.  Komola  subsequently  satisfied  the  minimum  ownership 
requirement in March 2017. 

1 

 The stock ownership guidelines do not apply to Mr. Conte as 
he is not a member of our senior leadership team.

Our annual cash bonus plans, long term incentive plans and 
agreements and severance arrangements provide for forfeiture 
and  recovery  of  undeserved  cash,  equity  and  severance 
compensation  from  any  associate  that  engages  in  certain 
particularly harmful or unethical behaviors such as intentional 

deceitful  acts  resulting  in  improper  personal  benefit  or  injury 
to the company, fraud or willful misconduct that significantly 
contributes to a material financial restatement, violation of the 
Code of Ethics and breach of key associate agreements.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  43 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hedging and Pledging Company Securities 

Hedging.  Our  Insider  Trading  Policy  prohibits,  among  many 
other actions, our associates and directors from entering into 
derivative  transactions  such  as  puts,  calls,  or  hedges  with 
our stock.

Tax and Accounting Implications

Under  Section  162(m)  of  the  U.S.  Internal  Revenue  Code, 
certain  executive  compensation  in  excess  of  $1  million  paid 
to our CEO and to our three most highly compensated officers 
(other than the CEO and CFO) whose compensation is required 
to  be  disclosed  to  our  stockholders  under  the  Securities 
Exchange  Act  of  1934,  is  not  deductible  for  federal  income 
tax purposes unless the executive compensation is awarded 
under a performance-based plan approved by stockholders. 

To maintain flexibility in compensating executive officers in a 
manner  designed  to  promote  varying  corporate  goals,  the 
Committee  has  not  adopted  a  policy  that  all  compensation 
must  be  deductible.  The  Committee  reviews  the  impact  of 
Section  162(m)  and  intends,  to  the  extent  it  determines  to 
be  practicable,  to  preserve  deductibility  under  the  Internal 
Revenue Code of compensation paid to our executive officers 
when  consistent  with  our  goal  of  utilizing  compensation 
programs that attract and retain key executives and align with 
stockholder interests.

Pledging.  Our  Insider  Trading  Policy  prohibits  the  use  of 
Staples’ securities as collateral in margin accounts. However, 
in  limited  circumstances,  pledging  of  Staples’  securities 
for  bona  fide  loans  which  may  require  such  securities  as 
collateral  may  be  allowed,  provided  such  pledge  is  cleared 
with the General Counsel. In the past five years, the General 
Counsel has not cleared, or been asked to clear, any pledge 
of Staples’ securities.

All  annual  cash  incentive  awards  and  performance  shares 
awarded  to  our  NEOs  are  paid  pursuant  to  plans  approved 
by  our  stockholders  and  are  potentially  deductible  by 
us.  Time-based  restricted  stock  does  not  qualify  for  the 
performance-based  exception  to  Section  162(m),  but  the 
Committee has determined that the retention benefit derived 
from such awards outweighs any potential tax benefit to us. 

The compensation that we pay to our NEOs is expensed 
in  our  financial  statements  as  required  by  U.S.  generally 
accepted accounting principles. As one of many factors, 
the  Committee  considers  the  financial  statement  impact 
in  determining  the  amount  of,  and  allocation  among  the 
elements  of,  compensation.  Stock-based  compensation 
is accounted for as required under FASB ASC Topic 718.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The Committee’s objective was to maintain a strong link between pay and performance and to continue to motivate our executives 
to execute on the key priorities of the strategic plan. The Committee reaffirmed its commitment to pay for performance and the 
compensation philosophy established in 2013.

The Compensation Committee of the Company has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required 
by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K with management and, based on this review and discussion, recommended to the Board that 
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement.

Compensation Committee

Paul Walsh, Chair  
Deborah Henretta 
Carol Meyrowitz

44  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES
Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth certain information concerning the compensation of our CEO, our former CEO, our CFO, our three 
other most highly compensated executive officers serving as of the end of our 2016 fiscal year, and one other executive officer 
who left Staples during 2016, whom we refer to collectively as the “NEOs.”

Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation 
($) (2)
584,817

All Other 
Compensation 
($) (3)
77,938

Shira Goodman 
Chief Executive Officer
Christine T. Komola 
EVP, Chief Financial Officer

Mark Conte 
SVP, Corporate Controller
Joseph G. Doody 
Vice Chairman

Michael Williams 
EVP, Chief Legal Officer
Ronald L. Sargent 
CEO and Chairman

John Wilson 
President, Intl Operations (4)

Salary  
($)

Stock 
Awards 

($) (1) Bonus

Option 
Awards 
($)

942,028 2,169,111

730,769 2,169,111
646,384 2,169,109
584,063 2,169,112
379,219
575,007

698,394 2,169,111
694,229 2,169,109
678,020 2,169,112
543,604
575,001

Year
2016

2016
2015
2014
2016

2016
2015
2014
2016

2016 1,249,208 8,225,018
2015 1,249,208 8,225,007
2014 1,249,208 8,225,000
2016
529,904 2,169,111
693,233 2,169,109
2015
2014
668,000 2,169,112

291,942
181,860
495,347
120,378

279,008
195,321
755,188
127,747

880,692
0
2,591,478
86,359
195,041
495,292

Total  
($)
3,773,894

3,264,460
3,075,453
3,307,664
1,099,233

3,287,380
3,205,075
3,718,119
1,283,433

72,637
78,100
59,142
24,630

140,866
146,416
115,799
37,081

309,134 10,664,052
389,360
9,863,575
325,851 12,391,537
598,854
3,384,228
3,476,743
419,360
326,725
3,659,129

(1) 

 

 

(2) 

(3) 

 The  amounts  shown  in  the  Stock  Awards  column  represent  the  aggregate  grant  date  fair  value  of  awards  computed  in 
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 718, not 
the actual amounts paid to or realized by the NEOs during our 2016, 2015 and 2014 fiscal years. An explanation of vesting 
of restricted stock unit awards, as well as the methodology for payouts under performance share awards is discussed in the 
footnotes to the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2016 Fiscal Year” and “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2016 Fiscal Year End” 
tables below.

 The amounts shown in the Stock Awards column in 2016 represent the grant date fair value of the 2016-2018 performance 
share awards granted under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. The fair value of these awards is based on the closing price of 
our  common  stock  ($10.50)  on  April  22,  2016  (grant  date)  and  is  calculated  at  the  target  share  payout  for  the  three-year 
performance period. For information about the threshold and maximum payout amounts under these awards, see the “Grants 
of Plan-Based Awards for 2016 Fiscal Year” table below.

 For our three-year performance share awards in 2016, actual shares earned are based on achievement of goals established 
for the three-year period. In addition, any award that is earned based on performance will be increased or decreased by 25% 
based on Staples’ three-year TSR relative to the returns generated by the S&P 500 over the same period.

 The Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column includes amounts earned under the annual cash incentive award, and in 
2014 also includes amounts earned under the legacy long term cash awards. NEOs no longer receive long term cash awards.

 The All Other Compensation column represents the following amounts, as applicable for each NEO:

• Contributions made on a matching basis pursuant to the terms of our 401(k) plan and SERP. 

•  Premiums paid under our executive life insurance and long-term disability plans, reimbursement of taxes owed with respect 
to such premiums, and premiums paid under our long-term care plan. In fiscal year 2016, annual premiums paid under our 
executive life insurance plan for Mr. Sargent, Ms. Komola, and Mr. Doody were $100,000, $19,304, and $50,000, respectively. 
Messrs. Conte, Williams and Wilson’s and Ms. Goodman’s life insurance coverage was in the form of Death Benefit Only, 
providing for Staples to pay their beneficiary upon their death, and taxes were not reimbursed with respect to those premiums. 
There was no annual premium paid for Mr. Williams in 2016 because the Company had already fully funded his policy through 
premiums paid in prior years. In fiscal year 2016, annual premiums paid under our long-term disability plans for Mr. Sargent 
and Ms. Goodman were $16,836 and $3,570, respectively.

• Tax preparation services.

• Executive physical and registry program.

• Cash payments described in the “All Other Compensation” table below.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  45 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

(4) 

 Mr. Wilson received monthly severance payments in 2016 equal to his monthly base salary rate in effect upon his departure 
from Staples on October 31, 2016, plus one-twelfth of his average annual cash award over the prior three years. The amounts 
representing salary are included in the “All Other Compensation” column and the amounts representing his average annual cash 
award are included in the “Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column. In connection with his departure from Staples we 
also agreed to make a contingent termination payment in 2017, which is not included in the table and which represented the 
amount Mr. Wilson would have otherwise received under our Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive Plan had he 
remained employed through the end of fiscal year 2016, pro-rated to account for the time he was actually employed. Mr. Wilson 
received $211,697 in 2017 pursuant to this contingent termination payment.

All Other Compensation

The table below sets forth the dollar amounts that we paid for each applicable item listed above.

Shira Goodman

Christine T. Komola

Mark Conte

Joseph G. Doody

Michael Williams

Ronald L. Sargent

John Wilson (1)

401(k)
SERP
2016 2,650
43,593
2016 2,650
36,313
2015 2,650
42,229
2014 2,600
23,100
2016
0
0
2016 2,650
27,936
2015 2,650
47,570
2014 2,600
27,076
2016 2,650
25,321
2016 2,650
49,968
2015 2,650 114,293
50,625
2014 2,600
31,649
2016 2,650
2015
0
47,199
26,720
0
2014

Executive Life 
Insurance
21,553
28,577
28,599
28,620
21,035
103,484
86,550
79,327
0
188,857
189,036
189,215
41,691
0
0

Long-Term 
Disability
6,400
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
12,754
31,826
31,856
0
0
0

Long-Term 
Care
1,242
1,022
1,022
1,022
3,595
1,796
1,796
1,796
3,810
1,555
1,555
1,555
5,304
5,304
5,064

Tax 

Services Physical
0
3,000
2,550
2,750
0
0
2,850
0
300
3,350
0
0
0
0
0

2,500
1,075
1,050
1,050
0 
5,000
5,000
5,000
5,000
50,000
50,000
50,000
0
3,053
18,200

Cash 
Totals
Payments
$77,938
0
$72,637
0
$78,100
0
$59,142
0
$24,630
0
0 $140,866
0 $146,416
0 $115,799
0
$37,081
0 $309,134
0 $389,360
0 $325,851
517,560 $598,854
363,804 $419,360
276,741 $326,725

(1) 

 Mr. Wilson’s payments reflect his expatriate assignment from the U.S. to the Netherlands. The total shown for tax services 
is the actual cost of Mr. Wilson’s tax preparation services. The total shown for cash payments includes (i) $172,652 in 2016 
representing severance payments made to Mr. Wilson following his departure from Staples, (ii) the cost of secondary housing 
while on assignment and following Mr. Wilson’s departure from Staples, and (iii) a cost of living differential allowance, school fees, 
automobile and home leave costs while on assignment.

46  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2016 Fiscal Year

The  following  table  sets  forth  summary  information  regarding  grants  of  plan-based  awards  made  to  the  NEOs  for  our  2016 
fiscal year.

Estimated Possible Payouts 
Under Non-Equity Incentive 

Plan Awards

Threshold 
($) 

Maximum 
($) 
155,536 1,244,291 2,488,582

Target 
($) 

Committee 
Approval 
Date

Grant 
Date 
(3)

4/22/2016 4/20/2016
4/22/2016 4/20/2016

(3)

77,644

621,154 1,242,308

4/22/2016 4/20/2016
4/22/2016 4/20/2016

(3)
7/1/2016
(3)

4/22/2016 4/20/2016
4/22/2016 4/20/2016

23,701

189,609

379,218

74,204

593,635 1,187,270

Estimated Future Payouts 

Under Equity Incentive 

Plan Awards (1)

Threshold 
(#) 

Target 
(#) 

Maximum 
(#) 

34,430 137,721

275,442

34,430 137,721

275,442

34,430 137,721

275,442

All Other  
Stock  
Awards 
(2)
Number  
of Shares  
of Stock 
or Units

Grant Date  
Fair Value  
of Stock 
Awards

68,861

$723,041
$1,446,071

68,861

$723,041
$1,446,071

65,046

$575,007

68,861

$723,041
$1,446,071

(3)

33,975

271,802

543,604

4/22/2016 4/20/2016

9,127

36,508

73,016

$383,334

(3)

234,227 1,873,812 3,747,624

Name
Shira 
Goodman

Christine T. 
Komola

Mark Conte

Joseph G. 
Doody

Michael 
Williams

Ronald L. 
Sargent

4/22/2016 4/20/2016
4/22/2016 4/20/2016

John Wilson

(3)

74,524

596,190 1,192,380

4/22/2016 4/20/2016
4/22/2016 4/20/2016

130,556 522,223 1,044,446

34,430 137,721

275,442

261,112 $2,741,676
$5,483,342

68,861

$723,041
$1,446,071

(1) 

 

 

(2) 

(3) 

 On April 20, 2016, the Compensation Committee established the threshold, target and maximum payout levels for the 2016-
2018 performance share awards granted pursuant to our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Amounts earned under performance share 
awards and shown in the table may be increased or decreased by 25% based on Staples’ three-year TSR relative to the returns 
generated by the S&P 500 over the same period.

 The grant date fair value of these awards is based on the closing price of our common stock ($10.50) on April 22, 2016 (grant 
date) and the target payout amount. The table below provides additional information about the value of the awards based on 
threshold and maximum payout levels for all three years of the performance period, excluding any increase or decrease based 
on TSR performance:

NEO
Shira Goodman
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte
Joseph G. Doody
Michael Williams
Ronald L. Sargent
John Wilson

2016-2018 
Threshold 
($)
$361,518
$361,518
—
$361,518
$95,834
$1,370,835
$361,518

2016-2018 
Target  
($)
$1,446,071
$1,446,071
—
$1,446,071
$383,334
$5,483,342
$1,446,071 

2016-2018 
Max  
($)
$2,892,141
$2,892,141
—
$2,892,141
$766,668
$10,966,683
$2,892,141

 For our three-year performance share awards, actual shares earned are based on achievement of goals established for the 
three-year performance period.

 Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan as part of our long-term incentive pay mix in 2016, 
vesting in three equal installments over a three-year period. The grant date fair value of these awards is based on the closing 
price of our common stock ($10.50) on April 22, 2016 (grant date).

 On March 1, 2016, the Compensation Committee established the performance objectives for the 2016 annual cash incentive 
awards  under  the  Amended  and  Restated  Executive  Officer  Incentive  Plan,  as  well  as  the  threshold,  target  and  maximum 
payment levels. See “CD&A” for information about 2016 goal achievement.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  47 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Vesting Provisions of Plan-Based Awards

2016 Compensation Program:

Annual Cash Incentive Plan Awards. Payments of annual cash 
incentive  plan  awards  under  the  Executive  Officer  Incentive 
Plan  are  determined  based  on  achievement  of  performance 
goals  and  continued  service  to  Staples.  In  addition,  the 
following provisions apply:

•  Retirement. If a NEO terminates his employment before 
the  end  of  a  performance  period  and  if  the  NEO  has 
satisfied the “Rule of 65” requirements (attainment of age 
55 plus years of service to Staples is equal to or greater 
than  65),  then  the  NEO  is  eligible  for  a  prorated  award 
based  on  the  number  of  days  the  NEO  was  employed 
during the plan year. A prorated award will only be paid out 
if the Compensation Committee certifies achievement of 
the objectives and the payouts at the end of the plan year.

•  Death. Upon a NEO’s death before the end of the plan 
year, annual cash incentive plan awards will be paid out at 
100% of the target award, regardless of the amount that 
would have been earned based upon achievement of the 
performance goals.

•  Disability.  If  a  NEO’s  employment  is  terminated  due  to 
disability before the end of the plan year, then the NEO 
is  eligible  for  a  prorated  award  based  on  the  number 
of  days  the  NEO  was  employed  during  the  plan  year. 
Prorated awards will only be paid out if the Compensation 
Committee certifies achievement of the objectives and the 
payouts at the end of the plan year.

•  Termination  of  Employment.  Other  than  as  described 
above, all annual cash incentive plan awards are forfeited 
upon termination of employment.

Performance Shares. Performance share awards are earned 
based  on  achievement  of  performance  objectives  for  each 
year of the performance period, but do not fully vest until the 
three-year performance period is completed. In addition, the 
following provisions apply:

•  Termination  of  Employment  by  Staples,  Retirement  or 
Resignation. If a NEO is terminated other than for “cause” 
(as  defined  in  the  award  agreement)  or  the  NEO  retires 
or resigns and the age and years of service requirements 
of our Rule of 65 have been satisfied, then the NEO may 
be  eligible  to  receive  (i)  shares  earned  for  completed 
fiscal years within the performance period and, for partial 
fiscal years during which the named executive officer was 
employed  by  Staples,  a  pro  rata  portion  based  on  the 
days  employed  by  Staples,  as  adjusted  by  (ii)  the  TSR 
multiplier.  Prorated  awards  will  only  be  paid  out  if  the 
Compensation  Committee  certifies  achievement  of  the 
objectives and the payouts will be made at the end of the 
applicable performance period.

•  Termination  for  “Cause”  by  Staples.  All  performance 

shares are forfeited if a NEO is terminated for cause.

•  Death  or  Disability.  In  the  event  of  a  NEO’s  death  or 
disability,  performance  shares  will  vest  and  be  paid  out 
at the end of the performance period, to the extent the 
performance  objectives  are  met,  as  if  the  NEO  were 
employed on such date.

•  Change-in-Control.  If,  in  connection  with  a  change-in-
control,  (a)  the  NEO  does  not  accept  employment  with 
the  surviving  corporation  upon  the  change-in-control  or 
(b)  within  one  year  following  the  change-in-control,  the 
NEO’s  employment  is  terminated  without  cause  (or  the 
NEO  resigns  for  good  reason),  the  NEO  is  entitled  to 
receive the greater of the target number of shares or the 
shares earned based on achievement of the performance 
objectives and TSR multiplier.

Restricted  Stock  Units.  Restricted  Stock  Units  vest  in  three 
equal installments over a three-year period, with one-third of 
the underlying shares vesting on each anniversary of the grant 
date. In addition, the following provisions apply:

•  Termination of Employment. All unvested Restricted Stock 
Units  are  forfeited  if  a  NEO  ceases  to  be  an  employee 
of,  or  consultant  to,  Staples,  except  in  connection  with 
retirement under certain circumstances described below.

•  Death,  Disability  or  Retirement.  In  the  event  of  a  NEO’s 
death, disability or retirement after reaching the age of 65, 
any unvested Restricted Stock Units shall vest in full.

•  Change-in-Control. If within one year following a change-
in-control,  a  NEO’s  employment  is  terminated  without 
cause (or the NEO resigns for good reason), any unvested 
Restricted Stock Units shall vest in full.

Option Awards. Under certain circumstances, the time-based 
vesting of stock options, which were granted to NEOs prior to 
2013, may be accelerated or the awards may be forfeited as 
described below.

•  Retirement or Resignation. If a NEO retires or resigns and 
(i)  the  age  of  65  has  been  attained,  or  (ii)  the  age  and 
years of service requirements of our Rule of 65 have been 
satisfied, then all stock option awards vest in full.

•  Termination of Employment by Staples. All unvested stock 
options  are  forfeited  if  a  NEO  is  terminated  by  Staples, 
regardless of whether such termination was for cause.

•  Death  or  Disability.  All  stock  options  vest  in  full  upon  a 

NEO’s death or disability.

result 

•  Change-in-Control.  Under  our  standard  form  of  non-
qualified  stock  option  agreement,  a  change-in-control 
would 
in  a  partial  vesting  acceleration  of 
outstanding  options  and  a  termination  without  cause 
(or  resignation  for  good  reason)  within  one  year  after  a 
change-in-control would result in acceleration of vesting 
of all remaining options.

48  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2016 Fiscal Year End

The following table sets forth summary information regarding the outstanding equity awards held by each of the NEOs as of the 
end of our 2016 fiscal year.

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name
Shira Goodman

Christine T. Komola

Mark Conte

Joseph G Doody

Michael Williams

Grant Date/
Performance
Share Period
4/22/2016

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

7/2/2012
7/1/2011
7/1/2010
7/1/2009
7/1/2008
7/2/2007
4/22/2016

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

7/2/2012
7/1/2011
7/1/2010
7/1/2009
7/1/2008
7/2/2007
7/1/2016
7/1/2016
9/16/2015
7/1/2015
4/22/2016

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

7/2/2012
7/1/2011
7/1/2010
7/1/2009
7/1/2008
7/2/2007
4/22/2016

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

12/3/2014

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)
Exercisable

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)
Unexercisable 
(1)

Option
Exercise
Price  
($)

Option
Expiration
Date 
(2)

Market 
Value of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested  
(#) (4)
$630,767

Number of 
shares or 
units of stock 
that have not 
vested  
(#) (3)
68,861

Equity 
Incentive  
Plan Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units  
or Other  
Rights That  
Have Not
Vested  
(#) (5)

Equity 
Incentive  
Plan Awards: 
Market or 
Payout Value 
Of Unearned 
Shares, Units  
or Other  
Rights That  
Have Not 
Vested 
($) (4)

137,721 $1,261,524
130,748 $1,197,652
161,874 $1,482,766

155,262
159,551
119,353
120,061
111,651
103,095

60,516
39,406
29,478
29,653
18,736
17,300

217,314
230,749
172,614
173,642
161,478
149,104

13.03 7/2/2022
15.93 7/1/2021
19.27 7/1/2020
20.12 7/1/2019
24.30 7/1/2018
24.42 7/2/2017

13.03 7/2/2022
15.93 7/1/2021
19.27 7/1/2020
20.12 7/1/2019
24.30 7/1/2018
24.42 7/2/2017

13.03 7/2/2022
15.93 7/1/2021
19.27 7/1/2020
20.12 7/1/2019
24.30 7/1/2018
24.42 7/2/2017

68,861

$630,767

137,721 $1,261,524
130,748 $1,197,652
161,874 $1,482,766

31,109
33,937
3,595
11,790
68,861

$284,958
$310,863
$32,930
$107,996
$630,767

137,721 $1,261,524
130,748 $1,197,652
161,874 $1,482,766

18,254

$167,207

41,581

$380,882

36,508
34,660
30,019

$334,413
$317,486
$274,974

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  49 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)
Exercisable

Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options (#)
Unexercisable 
(1)

Option
Exercise
Price  
($)

Option
Expiration
Date 
(2)

Market 
Value of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested  
(#) (4)
261,112 $2,391,786

Number of 
shares or 
units of stock 
that have not 
vested  
(#) (3)

Name
Ronald L. Sargent

Grant Date/
Performance
Share Period
4/22/2016

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

7/2/2012
7/1/2011
7/1/2010
7/1/2009
7/1/2008
7/2/2007

824,068
863,012
645,583
649,424
603,932
557,653

13.03 7/2/2022
15.93 7/1/2021
19.27 7/1/2020
20.12 7/1/2019
24.30 7/1/2018
24.42 7/2/2017

John Wilson

1/31/2016-2/2/2019 (6)
2/1/2015-2/3/2018 (7)
2/2/2014-1/28/2017 (8)

Equity 
Incentive  
Plan Awards: 
Number of 
Unearned 
Shares, Units  
or Other  
Rights That  
Have Not
Vested  
(#) (5)

Equity 
Incentive  
Plan Awards: 
Market or 
Payout Value 
Of Unearned 
Shares, Units  
or Other  
Rights That  
Have Not 
Vested 
($) (4)

522,223 $4,783,563
495,781 $4,541,354
613,806 $5,622,463

$314,527
34,337
76,389
$699,723
148,533 $1,360,562

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

10/1/2012

426,812

11.61 4/30/2017

 Stock options vest 25% per year after the date of grant. The exercisability of the options is accelerated in the circumstances 
described under the caption “Vesting Provisions of Plan-Based Awards” following the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2015 
Fiscal Year” table above. 

 The expiration date for stock options is typically the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. 

 The  shares  in  this  column  represent  Restricted  Stock  Units.  Restricted  Stock  Units  vest  in  three  equal  installments  over  a 
three-year period, with one-third of the underlying shares vesting on each anniversary of the grant date. The exercisability of 
the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in the circumstances described under the caption “Vesting Provisions of Plan-Based 
Awards” following the “Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2016 Fiscal Year” table above.

 Based on the fair market value of our common stock on January 28, 2017 ($9.16 per share). 

 The shares in the Equity Incentive Plan Awards column represent performance share awards based on target share payout. 

 Performance share awards vest based on achievement of performance objectives over the performance period covering fiscal 
years 2016 through 2018. For our three-year performance share awards granted in 2016, actual shares earned are based on 
achievement of goals established for the three-year period. In addition, any award that is earned based on performance will be 
increased or decreased by 25% based on Staples’ three-year TSR relative to the returns generated by the S&P 500 over the 
same period. 

 Performance share awards vest based on achievement of performance objectives over the performance period covering fiscal 
years 2015 through 2017. For our three-year performance share awards granted in 2015, one-third of the three-year target 
award is applied as a target amount for each of the fiscal years within the performance period. Actual shares earned are based 
on achievement of goals established for each year. In addition, any award that is earned based on performance will be increased 
or decreased by 25% based on Staples’ three-year TSR relative to the returns generated by the S&P 500 over the same period. 
See the “CD&A” section of our proxy statement for information about 2016 goal achievement.

 Performance share awards vest based on achievement of performance objectives over the performance period covering fiscal 
years 2014 through 2016. For our three-year performance share awards granted in 2014, one-third of the three-year target 
award is applied as a target amount for each of the fiscal years within the performance period. Actual shares earned are based 
on achievement of goals established for each year. In addition, any award that is earned based on performance will be increased 
or decreased by 25% based on Staples’ three-year TSR relative to the returns generated by the S&P 500 over the same period. 
See the “CD&A” section of our proxy statement for information about 2016 and 2015 goal achievement.

50  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Option Exercises and Stock Vested During 2016 Fiscal Year

The following table summarizes the option exercises and vesting of stock awards for each of the NEOs during our 2016 fiscal year:

Shira Goodman
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte
Joseph G. Doody
Michael T. Williams
Ronald L. Sargent
John Wilson

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Number of 
Shares Acquired 
on Exercise  
(#)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Value Realized 
Upon Exercise  
($)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Number of 
Shares Acquired 
Upon Vesting  
(#)
63,382
63,382
7,692
88,710
15,247
336,372
62,101

Value Realized 
on Vesting  
($) (1)
614,805
614,805
67,638
860,487
147,896
3,262,808
602,380

(1) 

Represents the fair market value of the stock award on the date of vesting.

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for 2016 Fiscal Year

The following table sets forth summary information with respect to each of the NEOs regarding contributions to our Supplemental 
Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) for our 2016 fiscal year:

Shira Goodman
Christine T. Komola
Mark Conte
Joseph G. Doody
Michael Williams
Ronald L. Sargent
John Wilson

Executive 
Contributions in 
Last FY  
($)
224,120
71,067
0
324,485
25,322
224,857
29,491

Company 
Contributions in 
Last FY  
($)*
43,593
36,313
0
27,936
25,321
49,968
31,649

Aggregate Earnings 
in Last FY  
($)
361,567
224,123
0
929,403
19,297
988,868
6,304

Aggregate 
Withdrawals/ 
Distributions  
($)
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Aggregate Balance 
at Last FYE  
($)*
3,518,401
1,311,439
0
8,816,551
168,929
8,001,095
218,052

* 

 Company contribution amounts in 2016 are included in the All Other Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table 
included in this proxy statement. In addition, amounts reported in the aggregate balance that were previously included in the 
Summary Compensation Table in prior years can be found in the All Other Compensation Table included in this proxy statement.

Our  SERP  is  a  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  plan 
which is generally intended to provide an additional retirement 
account  option  above  the  applicable  limits  of  our  401(k) 
qualified  plan.  Our  SERP  provides  participants  with  a  range 
of  diversified  investment  options  similar  to  our  401(k)  plan. 
Eligible  executives,  including  the  named  executive  officers, 
may  contribute  up  to  100%  of  their  base  salary  and  annual 
cash  bonus  and  will  receive  matching  contributions  in  cash 
equal to 100% of each dollar saved, up to a maximum of 4% of 
base salary and bonus. For employees hired prior to January 1, 

2017, the matching contributions generally vest 20% per year 
during the first two years of service based on hours worked 
during a calendar year, with the remainder vesting in full after 
three years of service. For employees hired after December 31, 
2016,  the  matching  contributions  generally  vest  in  full  after 
three years of service. All of our named executive officers are 
fully vested in their SERP balances. Benefits generally are paid 
to the participant in accordance with a predefined distribution 
schedule based on the requirements of Section 409A under 
the Internal Revenue Code.

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control

The  tables  below  show  the  estimated  incremental  value 
transfer to each current named executive officer under various 
scenarios relating to a termination of employment. The tables 
below  and  the  discussion  that  follows  assume  that  such 
termination occurred on January 28, 2017. The actual amounts 

that would be paid to any named executive officer can only be 
determined at the time of an actual termination of employment 
and  would  vary  from  those  listed  below.  The  estimated 
amounts listed below are in addition to any retirement, welfare 
and other benefits that are available to associates generally.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  51 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Fiscal 2016 Termination Scenarios

Retirement or  
Resignation

Termination  
for Cause

Termination  
Without  
Cause

Resignation  
for Good  
Reason

Termination  
Following  
Change-in- 
Control

Change-in- 
Control Only

Death or  
Disability

$0 $3,025,162 $3,025,162 $3,781,453

$0

$0

Shira Goodman *
Cash Severance Payment
Value of Accelerated Vesting of 
Incentive Compensation
Continuation of Benefits
Life Insurance Payout
Survivor Death Benefit Payout
Total

Christine Komola *
Cash Severance Payment
Value of Accelerated Vesting of 
Incentive Compensation
Continuation of Benefits
Life Insurance Payout
Survivor Death Benefit Payout
Total

Mark Conte *
Cash Severance Payment
Value of Accelerated Vesting of 
Incentive Compensation
Continuation of Benefits
Life Insurance Payout
Survivor Death Benefit Payout
Total

Joseph Doody *
Cash Severance Payment
Value of Accelerated Vesting of 
Incentive Compensation
Continuation of Benefits
Life Insurance Payout
Survivor Death Benefit Payout
Total

Michael Williams *
Cash Severance Payment
Value of Accelerated Vesting of 
Incentive Compensation
Continuation of Benefits
Life Insurance Payout
Survivor Death Benefit Payout
Total

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$36,713
$0
$0

$0 $2,577,184
$0
$55,367
$0
$0
$0
$0
$0
$0 $3,061,875 $3,061,875 $6,414,004

$36,713
$0
$0

$0 $1,049,616

$0 $1,574,424

$0
$0
$28,577
$0
$0
$0
$0
$0
$0 $1,078,193

$28,577
$0
$0

$0 $2,577,184
$42,866
$0
$0
$28,577 $4,194,474

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$235,923

$0
$36,195
$0
$0
$272,118

$0

$471,845

$0
$36,195
$0
$0

$736,748
$54,590
$0
$0
$36,195 $1,263,183

$0 $1,024,105

$0 $1,536,157

$0
$16,807
$0
$0
$16,807

$0
$16,807
$0
$0

$0
$132,459
$0
$0
$16,807 $1,156,564

$132,459
$0
$0

$0 $2,577,184
$190,524
$0
$0
$132,459 $4,303,866

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$690,562

$0
$51,405
$0
$0
$741,967

$0 $1,035,843

$51,405
$0
$0

$0 $1,064,053
$59,282
$0
$0
$51,405 $2,159,178

$2,291,511
$0
$3,300,000
$7,150,000 (1)

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0 $12,741,511

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$0
$0
$0
$0
$0

$0

$2,291,511
$0
$0

$3,412,500 (1)
$5,704,011

$0

$736,748
$0
$1,141,875
$1,332,188 (1)
$3,210,810

$0

$2,291,511
$0
$0

$3,177,693 (1)
$5,469,204

$0

$988,337
$0
$1,630,811
$1,902,613 (1)
$4,521,760

(1) 

* 

 Includes  one  year  payout  at  target  under  the  Amended  and  Restated  Executive  Officer  Incentive  Plan  (or,  in  the  case  of 
Mr. Conte, the Annual Performance Award Plan) in addition to any Survivor Death Benefit Payout. 

Payouts subject to 409A regulations.

52  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

See  below  for  additional  explanation  of  the  terms  of  these 
payments  and  our  assumptions  calculating  them.  Each  of 
these payments complies with our policy adopted in October 
2015,  limiting  severance  benefits  payable  under  a  NEO’s 
employment  or  severance  agreement 
(excluding  equity 

awards)  to  2.99  times  the  sum  of  an  executive’s  salary  and 
target annual cash incentive award, under all scenarios other 
than  death  or  disability.  In  addition,  please  see  the  “CD&A” 
section of this proxy statement.

Retirement or Resignation

The “Retirement or Resignation” column includes:

•  Continuation of Benefits. The continuation of benefits for Mr. Doody represents the provision of long-term care coverage 

beginning at age 65 under a group long-term care insurance plan.

Termination for Cause

The “Termination for Cause” column includes:

•  Continuation of Benefits. The continuation of benefits for Mr. Doody represents the provision of long-term care coverage 

beginning at age 65 under a group long-term care insurance plan.

Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason

In addition to our equity and cash incentive award agreements 
that provide for the acceleration of vesting upon a termination 
without  cause,  we  have  entered  into  severance  benefits 
agreements with each of the NEOs that provide compensation 
following a termination without cause or resignation for good 
reason. The circumstances constituting cause or good reason 
are specifically described in the severance benefits agreements 
for the named executive officers, which are listed as exhibits 
to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our cash 
and equity incentive plans, if applicable. In general, under the 
severance benefit agreements and our incentive plans:

•  a termination will be for cause if the NEO has willfully failed 
to perform his or her duties, breached any confidentiality 
or  non-compete  agreement  with  us,  or  engaged  in 
misconduct that harms us; and

•  the NEO will have good reason to resign if we materially 
diminish his or her authority or responsibilities, reduce his 
or  her  salary  or  eligibility  for  bonus  and  other  benefits, 

Termination Following Change-in-Control

Under our severance benefits agreements with the NEOs, if we 
terminate the NEO’s employment without cause or the NEO 
resigns for good reason within two years following a change-
in-control  of  Staples,  the  NEO  would  receive  payments  in 
addition to those triggered by a termination without cause or 
resignation for good reason. The circumstances constituting a 
change-in-control of Staples are specifically described in the 
severance benefits agreements for the NEOs, which are listed 
as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. In 
general, a change-in-control will occur if:

•  another person becomes the owner of 30% or more of 

the combined voting power of our stock,

•  there is a change in a majority of the members of the then-

incumbent Board, or

•  our shareholders approve a merger with another entity in 
which our shareholders fail to own more than 75% of the 
combined voting power of the surviving entity.

or require that he or she relocate their office more than 
an additional 50 miles from the NEO’s primary residence 
following a change-in-control of Staples.

The “Termination without Cause” and “Resignation for Good 
Reason” columns include:

•  Cash  Severance  Payments.  Amounts  represent  the 
continuation  of  salary  and  bonus  for  24  months  for 
Ms. Goodman, 6 months for Mr. Conte, and 12 months 
for the other NEOs.

•  Continuation  of  Benefits.  The  continuation  of  benefits 
represents health, dental and vision insurance coverage for 
the severance period, as well as executive life insurance. 
For  Mr.  Doody,  amounts  also  include  the  provision  of 
long-term  care  coverage  beginning  at  age  65  under  a 
group long-term care insurance plan. The amounts listed 
are estimates based on the current policies in place after 
applying a reasonable benefit cost trend.

The  “Termination  Following  Change-in-Control”  column 
includes:

•  Cash  Severance  Payments.  Amounts  represent  the 
continuation  of  salary  and  bonus  for  30  months  for 
Ms. Goodman, 12 months for  Mr. Conte, and 18 months 
for the other NEOs.

•  Value of Accelerated Vesting of Incentive Compensation.
Amounts  represent  the  target  value  of  the  2016-2018, 
2015-2017 and 2014-2016 performance share awards.

•  Continuation  of  Benefits.  The  continuation  of  benefits 
represents health, dental and vision insurance coverage for 
the severance period, as well as executive life insurance. 
For  Mr.  Doody,  amounts  also  include  the  provision  of 
long-term  care  coverage  beginning  at  age  65  under  a 
group long-term care insurance plan. The amounts listed 
are estimates based on the current policies in place after 
applying a reasonable benefit cost trend.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  53 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Death or Disability

The “Death or Disability” column includes:

•  Value of Accelerated Vesting of Incentive Compensation. 
Amounts  represent  the  target  value  of  the  2016-2018, 
2015-2017, and 2014-2016 performance share awards, 
minus amounts earned for completed plan years.

•  Life  Insurance  Payout.  Amounts  represent  payouts  of 
three times base salary. Not included in the table above 
are the payouts from insurance policies for Ms. Komola 
and  Mr.  Doody  because  those  are  paid  directly  to  the 
beneficiary  by  the  insurer,  unlike  the  death-benefit  only 
coverage  for  Ms.  Goodman  and  Messrs.  Conte  and 
Williams,  which  is  collected  by  Staples  from  the  insurer 
and paid to the beneficiary along with reimbursement of 
taxes owed with respect to such payout. Payouts under 
Ms. Komola and Mr. Doody’s policies would be $2,250,000 
and  $2,095,182,  respectively.  In  addition,  Staples  has 
agreed to continue executive life insurance premiums to 
age 65 for Ms. Komola and Mr. Doody regardless of the 
reason for their termination of employment with Staples, 

Agreements Affecting Payments

We  provide  for  forfeiture  and  recovery  of  undeserved  cash, 
equity  and  severance  compensation  from  any  associate 
that  engages  in  misconduct.  We  also  view  recoupment  as 
a  risk  management  and  asset  recovery  tool  for  dealing  with 
particularly harmful or unethical behaviors such as intentional 
deceitful  acts  resulting  in  improper  personal  benefit  or  injury 
to the company, fraud or willful misconduct that significantly 
contributes to a material financial restatement, violation of the

Former Executive Officers

Actual termination payments to our NEOs who left Staples in 
2016 are as follows.

•  Mr. Sargent stepped down as Chief Executive Officer on 
June 14, 2016, and received (or will receive) pursuant to 
a letter agreement with Staples (i) $792,767 representing 
continued  salary  and  bonus  opportunity,  as  then  in 
effect,  through  January  28,  2017  when  he  stepped 
down as Chairman of the Board, (ii) monthly payments of 
$166,740 for 24 months following January 28, 2017, and 
(iii) continuation of benefits estimated to be in the amount 
of  $875,000,  which  represents:  (a)  health  insurance 
coverage for Mr. Sargent and his family until he reaches 
age  65;  (b)  continued  payment  of  the  premiums  for 
Mr. Sargent’s existing life insurance policy and long-term 
care insurance policy until Mr. Sargent reaches age 65, 
as required by the terms of the policies; and (c) specified 
secretarial and tax preparation assistance.

and  because  Ms.  Goodman  previously  met  certain  age 
and service requirements, Staples agreed to continue her 
death-benefit only coverage for life.

•  Survivor  Death  Benefit  Payout.  Amounts  represent 
payouts of 100% of base salary and target bonus for the 
first year and 50% of base salary and target bonus for the 
second and third years, made monthly over a period of 
three years.

If the termination is due to the NEO’s disability, he or she would 
be entitled to receive a distribution from our SERP, generally 
in  accordance  with  the  plan  provisions  and  any  predefined 
distribution  schedule  based  on  the  requirements  of  Section 
409A  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code.  The  NEO  would  also 
be  entitled  to  receive  disability  payments  from  our  disability 
carriers,  if  the  named  executive  officer  has  enrolled  in  such 
policy. Disability coverage is generally designed to replace 60% 
of  the  NEO’s  compensation  up  to  $600,000  for  each  of  the 
named executive officers. The disability benefit payouts from 
disability  insurance  policies  for  which  the  named  executive 
officer pays the premiums are not included in the table above.

Code of Ethics and breach of key associate agreements. For 
instance, each of the named executive officers has executed 
a  Proprietary  and  Confidential  Information  Agreement  that 
covers the two year period subsequent to termination of his 
employment. Violation of any of the terms of these agreements 
entitles  us  to  recover  any  severance  payments  and  value 
received in connection with any equity awards.

•  Mr.  Wilson  left  Staples  on  October  31,  2016,  and 
received under his severance agreement and pursuant to 
a separate agreement with Staples (i) a cash severance 
payment in the amount of $1,109,644, which represents 
the  continuation  of  salary  and  bonus  for  12  months, 
(ii) continuation of benefits estimated to be in the amount 
of  $21,787,  which  represents  health,  dental  and  vision 
insurance  coverage  for  the  severance  period,  (iii)  a 
contingent termination payment of $211,697 representing 
the amount he would have otherwise received under our 
Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive Plan if 
he had remained employed through the end of fiscal year 
2016, pro-rated to account for the time he was actually 
employed, and (iv) a monthly housing allowance of Euro 
12,500 per month plus reasonable utility expenses for the 
period beginning the day after his last day of employment 
and ending on February 28, 2017.

54  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION AT 2016 
FISCAL YEAR END

Equity Compensation Plan Information At 2016 Fiscal Year End

Plan Category
Equity compensation plans approved  
by security holders
Equity compensation plans not approved  
by security holders
Total

Number of Securities to  
be Issued upon Exercise  
of Outstanding Options,  
Warrants and Rights  
(a) (1)

Weighted-Average  
Exercise Price of  
Outstanding Options,  
Warrants and Rights  
(b) (2)

Number of Securities  
Remaining Available for  
Future Issuance under  
Equity Compensation  
Plans (excluding  
securities reflected in  
column (a))  
(c) (3)

27,299,012

0
27,299,012

$21.10

0
$21.10

36,197,738

0
36,197,738

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

 Includes the maximum number of shares issuable under performance share awards (including the potential 25% increase as a 
result of relative TSR performance), as described in the “CD&A” section of this proxy statement, and restricted stock units, in 
each case outstanding as of fiscal year end.

 Weighted-average exercise price calculation excludes outstanding performance share awards and restricted stock units, which 
do not have an exercise price.

 Includes 28,154,245 shares available for issuance under our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan as well as 8,043,493 shares available 
for issuance under our 2012 ESPP. Does not include shares that may become available for issuance, as provided in the 2014 
Stock Incentive Plan, through the expiration, termination, surrendering, cancellation, forfeiture or settlement of awards granted 
under our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan or our Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND 
INSIDER PARTICIPATION

During  our  2016  fiscal  year,  Ms.  Henretta,  Mr.  Kamlani, 
Ms.  Meyrowitz  and  Mr.  Walsh  served  on  the  Compensation 
Committee  and  were  independent  directors  during  such 
service.  None  of  our  executive  officers  has  served  as  a 

director  or  member  of  the  compensation  committee  (or 
other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other 
entity whose executive officers served on our Compensation 
Committee or our Board of Directors.

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING 
COMPLIANCE

Based  solely  on  our  review  of  copies  of  reports  filed  during 
fiscal  year  2016  by  the  directors,  executive  officers  and 
beneficial  owners  of  more  than  10%  of  our  common  stock 
required to file such reports pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 
Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  and  a  review  of  written 
certifications  provided  by  them  to  the  Company,  we  believe 
that all of our directors and executive officers complied with 

the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Securities 
Exchange  Act  of  1934,  except  that  Shira  Goodman’s  initial 
Form 3 filed in February 2014, and nine subsequent Form 4s, 
omitted  30,235  shares  of  common  stock  from  the  direct 
ownership  total,  which  error  was  corrected  by  an  amended 
Form 3 filing in March 2017.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  55 

 APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF NAMED 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION  
(ITEM 2 ON THE PROXY CARD)

Our  Board  recognizes  that  it  is  appropriate  to  seek  on  an 
annual basis the views of shareholders on Staples’ executive 
compensation  program.  Our  shareholders  are  being  asked 
to  approve,  on  an  advisory  basis,  the  compensation  of  our 
named executive officers as disclosed in this proxy statement.

The primary objective of our compensation program is to align 
executive pay with long term shareholder value creation. The 
“Executive  Compensation”  section  of  this  proxy  statement, 
including  the  “CD&A”,  describes  in  detail  our  executive 
compensation  programs  and  the  decisions  made  by  the 
Compensation Committee with respect to the 2016 fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2017.

In  accordance  with  Section  14A  of  the  Exchange  Act,  our 
Board is asking shareholders to approve, on an advisory basis, 
Staples’ named executive officer compensation by approving 
the following resolution:

“RESOLVED,  that  the  compensation  paid  to  the  Company’s 
named  executive  officers,  as  disclosed  pursuant  to  the 
compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission,  including  the  Compensation  Discussion  and 
Analysis,  the  compensation  tables  and  any  related  material 
disclosed in this proxy statement is hereby APPROVED.”

As an advisory vote, this proposal is not binding upon Staples. 
The  Compensation  Committee  considers  the  results  of  the 
voting in making future compensation decisions for our named 
executive officers.

OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR 
THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF OUR 
NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION.

 ADVISORY VOTE ON THE FREQUENCY OF 
FUTURE EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ADVISORY 
VOTES (ITEM 3 ON THE PROXY CARD)

As described in proposal 2 above, stockholders are provided 
an opportunity to cast an advisory vote on Staples’ executive 
compensation.  In  accordance  with  Section  14A  of  the 
Exchange Act, this proposal 3 provides stockholders with an 
opportunity to cast a non-binding advisory vote regarding the 
frequency  of  future  executive  compensation  advisory  votes. 
Stockholders may vote for a frequency of every one, two or 
three years, or may abstain from casting a vote. 

This is consistent with management’s and the Compensation 
Committee’s  annual  review  of  our  executive  compensation 
program, and with our current practice based on the results 
of our previous advisory vote on frequency in 2011. The Board 
also  believes  that  an  annual  vote  will  facilitate  more  direct 
stockholder input about executive compensation, as well as, 
reflect Staples’ generally open and responsive attitude towards 
stockholders’ concerns.

The  Board  believes 
that  advisory  votes  on  executive 
compensation  should  be  conducted  every  year  so  that 
stockholders  may  annually  express  their  views  on  Staples’ 
executive compensation program. 

OUR  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS  RECOMMENDS 
THAT YOU VOTE FOR A FREQUENCY OF 1 YEAR 
FOR  FUTURE  EXECUTIVE  COMPENSATION 
ADVISORY VOTES.

56  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

 APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN  
(ITEM 4 ON THE PROXY CARD)

We  are  seeking  stockholder  approval  of  our  amended  and 
restated Executive Officer Incentive Plan, which we refer to as 
the Annual Cash Plan, in order to obtain favorable corporate 
tax  treatment  for  payments  earned  under  this  plan.  The 
Annual  Cash  Plan  is  designed  to  provide  opportunities  for 
participants to earn financial rewards for their role in ensuring 
that the Company meets its annual performance targets and 
to  align  the  interests  of  the  participants  with  those  of  our 
stockholders.  The  Annual  Cash  Plan  was  last  approved  by 
stockholders in 2012. For more information about our annual 
cash incentive award program for our executive officers, see 
the  "Compensation  Discussion  and  Analysis"  section  of  this 
proxy statement.

Requirement 
for  Stockholder  Approval.  Under 
Section  162(m)  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as 
amended  (the  “Code”),  certain  executive  compensation  in 
excess of $1 million per year paid to some of our executive 
officers would generally not be deductible for federal income 
tax  purposes  unless  such  compensation  is  paid  under  a 
performance-based plan that is approved by our stockholders 
and  satisfies  certain  other  criteria.  Our  Board  is  therefore 
submitting the Annual Cash Plan for stockholder approval in 
order to avail itself of the performance based compensation 
exception  to  the  deduction  limitations  under  Section  162(m) 
of the Code. The Board believes that it is important for 
stockholders  to  approve  the  amended  and  restated 
Annual Cash Plan. 

Proposed Changes to the Annual Cash Plan. The Annual 
Cash  Plan  is  substantially  similar  to  the  plan  approved 
by  our  stockholders  in  2012,  and  pursuant  to  which  our 
annual incentive plan awards to executive officers have been 

made  from  2012  to  2016.  The  Compensation  Committee 
determined to make the following changes in connection with 
the amendment and restatement of the Annual Cash Plan:

•  Extended the term of the Annual Cash Plan through fiscal 

year 2021.

•  Provided  flexibility  in  setting  the  length  of  performance 
periods  under  the  Annual  Cash  Plan.  Rather  than  only 
having  the  full  fiscal  year  available  as  a  performance 
period,  the  Compensation  Committee  may  now  set 
multiple,  shorter  periods  of  time  to  constitute  the 
performance periods in any given fiscal year.

•  Clarified  that  performance  goals  under  the  Annual 
Cash  Plan  may  be  calculated  on  a  Generally  Accepted 
Accounting Principles (GAAP) or non-GAAP basis.

•  Provided  flexibility  for  the  Compensation  Committee  to 
set  differing  minimum  performance  goals  in  any  given 
performance  period  by  removing  the  requirement  to 
always have a minimum Earnings Per Share goal.

In fiscal 2017, the Compensation Committee took advantage 
of the flexibility afforded by the Annual Cash Plan, as amended 
and  restated,  in  setting  performance  periods  to  divide  the 
fiscal year into two six-month periods, and established goals 
for awards under the Annual Cash Plan for the first half of fiscal 
2017  subject  to  stockholder  approval,  as  further  described 
below under “Annual Cash Plan Awards.” If stockholders do 
not approve the Annual Cash Plan, then no payment will be 
made with respect to such awards.

Description  of  the  Annual  Cash  Plan  (as  Proposed  to  be  Amended  and 
Restated)

The following is a brief summary of the material terms of the 
Annual Cash Plan as proposed to be amended and restated. 
The following summary is qualified in all respects by reference 
to the Annual Cash Plan, which is attached as Appendix A to 
this proxy statement. 

Term  of  Plan.  The  Annual  Cash  Plan  will  cover  five  fiscal 
years (or portions thereof), beginning with our 2017 fiscal year 
and ending with our 2021 fiscal year. We refer to each such 
fiscal year or portion of a fiscal year in which performance is 
measured as a "Plan Period."

Administration.  The Annual Cash Plan will be administered 
by  the  Compensation  Committee  of  our  Board  of  Directors. 
The  Compensation  Committee  will  have  broad  authority  to 
determine  target  bonuses,  select  performance  objectives, 
adopt  rules  and  regulations  relating  to  the  Annual  Cash 
Plan,  and  make  decisions  and  interpretations  regarding  the 
provisions of the Annual Cash Plan.

Eligibility.  Each of our executive officers, within the meaning 
of  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  by  the  Securities 
and  Exchange  Commission,  will  be  eligible  to  participate  in 
the Annual Cash Plan. We currently have 8 executive officers. 
An  executive  officer  whose  employment  terminates  before 
the end of a Plan Period, other than as a result of permanent 
disability, death or retirement, will not be eligible to receive a 
bonus award under the Annual Cash Plan for that Plan Period.

Determination  of  Bonus  Awards.    Each  executive  officer 
will  have  a  target  bonus  award  (a  "Target  Award")  for  each 
Plan Period. Target Awards will be expressed as a percentage 
of the actual base salary paid to the executive officer during 
that Plan Period. The percentages will be determined by the 
Compensation Committee based upon the executive officer’s 
job level and responsibilities and may vary for different officers 
and business units.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  57 

APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN (ITEM 4 ON THE PROXY CARD) 

Within  the  earlier  of  (i)  90  days  after  the  beginning  of  each 
Plan  Period  and  (ii)  the  first  25%  of  the  Plan  Period,  the 
Compensation Committee will establish specific performance 
objectives  for  the  payment  of  bonus  awards  for  that  Plan 
Period.  The  performance  objectives  for  each  Plan  Period 
will  be  based  on  one  or  more  of  the  following  measures 
which  may  be  determined  in  accordance  with  GAAP  or  on 
a  non-GAAP  basis:  sales,  earnings  per  share,  return  on  net 
assets,  return  on  equity,  adjusted  operating  profit,  free  cash 
flow,  total  shareholder  return,  net  income,  operating  income 
and  customer  service  levels.  The  Compensation  Committee 
may  determine  that  special  one-time  or  extraordinary  gains 
or  losses,  including  without  limitation  as  a  result  of  certain 
acquisitions  or  divestitures  and  changes  in  accounting 
principles,  should  or  should  not  be  included  in  determining 
whether such performance objectives have been met.

For each Plan Period, a specified percentage of each Target 
Award will be based upon each of the performance objectives 
selected  by  the  Compensation  Committee  for  that  Plan 
Period.  For  each  of  the  performance  objectives,  a  specified 
percentage of the portion of the Target Award that is based on 
that particular performance objective will be paid based on the 
level  of  performance  achieved.  Each  performance  objective 
has a threshold performance level that must be achieved for 
any  of  the  bonus  award  to  be  paid  for  such  objective.  If  an 
executive officer dies before the end of a Plan Period, however, 
a bonus award based on target performance will be paid within 
60 days of the executive officer’s death, and will be annualized 
if the Plan Period does not cover the entire fiscal year.

The maximum bonus award payable to any executive officer 
for  any  fiscal  year  will  be  $4  million,  with  such  amount 
proportionally  allocated  among  all  Plan  Periods  within  such 
fiscal year. In addition, the Compensation Committee presently 
intends to limit bonus awards to 200% of an executive officer’s 
Target Award.

Annual Cash Plan Awards

The  grant  of  awards  under  the  Annual  Cash  Plan  is 
discretionary.  Other  than  as  described  below,  the  Company 
cannot  now  determine  the  number  or  type  of  awards  to  be 
granted in the future to any particular participant or group.

2017  First  Half  Awards.    The  Compensation  Committee 
approved  in  March  2017,  subject  to  stockholder  approval, 
awards under the Annual Cash Plan for the first half of fiscal 
2017 (the “2017 First Half Awards”). The target compensation 
under the 2017 First Half Awards represents one-third of the 
total  target  compensation  payable  under  the  Annual  Cash 
Plan  to  each  executive  officer,  with  the  other  two-thirds  to 
be payable in connection with the awards for the second half 
of fiscal 2017. We typically collect a higher proportion of our 
annual revenue in the second half of our fiscal year.

Amendments  and  Termination.    The  Annual  Cash  Plan 
may  be  amended  or  terminated  by  either  our  Board  or  the 
Compensation  Committee,  provided  that  (1)  no  amendment 
or termination of the Annual Cash Plan after the end of a Plan 
Period may adversely affect the rights of executive officers with 
respect to their bonus awards for that Plan Period and (2) no 
amendment which would require stockholder approval under 
Section  162(m)  of  the  Code  may  be  effected  without  such 
stockholder approval.

Recoupment; Dodd-Frank Clawback.   If the Compensation 
Committee  determines  during  the  course  of  a  participant’s 
employment or during a period of time following termination 
of employment, that a participant engaged in certain harmful 
or  unethical  behavior,  the  Compensation  Committee  may, 
in  addition  to  terminating  the  participant’s  participation  in 
the Annual Cash Plan and requiring forfeiture of outstanding 
awards,  require  repayment  by  the  participant  of  certain 
amounts  paid  under  the  Annual  Cash  Plan.  In  addition,  in 
accordance with any requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and 
any policy adopted by the Company with respect thereto, if the 
Company  is  required  to  prepare  an  accounting  restatement 
due  to  material  noncompliance  of  the  Company  with  any 
financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, then 
the  Company  shall  require  the  participants  to  return  to  the 
Company, or forfeit if not yet paid, the amount of any award 
received  under  the  Annual  Cash  Plan  during  the  three-year 
period preceding the date on which the Company is required 
to  prepare  the  accounting  restatement  in  excess  of  what 
would have been paid to the participant under the accounting 
restatement as determined by the Compensation Committee.

The 2017 First Half Awards include sales and operating income 
performance  goals  for  the  first  half  of  fiscal  year  2017.  As 
described above, the payment of any amount under the 2017 
First Half Awards is contingent on stockholders approving the 
Annual Cash Plan. In addition, no payments pursuant to the 
2017  First  Half  Awards  will  be  made  unless  the  applicable 
performance  goals  are  satisfied,  and  Staples  achieves  a 
minimum EPS threshold amount for the full fiscal year to be 
determined by the Compensation Committee.

58  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

APPROVAL OF AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN (ITEM 4 ON THE PROXY CARD) 

The table below shows the threshold, target and maximum amounts payable under the 2017 First Half Awards. 

Name of Individual and Title/Position or Identification of Group
Shira Goodman
Chief Executive Officer
Christine T. Komola
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Mark Conte 
Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller
Joseph G. Doody
Vice Chairman
Michael Williams
Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer
All current executive officers, as a group
All current directors, who are not executive officers, as a group*
All employees, including all current officers, who are not executive officers, as a group**

Threshold 
($) 
34,375

Target 
($) 
550,000

Maximum 
($) 
1,100,000

13,635

218,167

436,333

4,044
 
7,434

5,998
 
96,418
—
—

64,706
 
118,940

129,413
 
237,881

95,964
 
1,542,682
—
—

191,928
 
3,085,363
—
—

* 

** 

Non-employee directors are not eligible to participate in the Annual Cash Plan.

 No employees, other than executive officers, participate in the Annual Cash Plan. Employees that are not executive officers and 
eligible for annual cash incentives participate in the Company’s Annual Performance Award Plan.

Income  Tax  Consequences.  The 

Federal 
following 
generally  summarizes  the  United  States  federal  income 
tax  consequences  that  will  arise  with  respect  to  the  Annual 
Cash Plan, but it is not a detailed or complete description of 
all  U.S.  federal  tax  laws  or  regulations  that  may  apply,  and 
does not address any local, state or foreign laws. Therefore, 
no  one  should  rely  on  this  summary  for  individual  tax 
compliance,  planning  or  decisions.  Participants  in  the 
Annual Cash Plan should consult their own professional 
tax advisors concerning tax aspects of participating in 
the Annual Cash Plan. 

Payments  received  by  executive  officers  under  the  Annual 
Cash  Plan  will  be  income  subject  to  tax  at  ordinary  income 
rates when received. Since the Annual Cash Plan is intended to 
comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, 
if  the  Annual  Cash  Plan  is  approved  by  stockholders  at  the 
Annual Meeting, then bonus payments made in accordance 
with the terms of the Annual Cash Plan will be deductible for 
the Company and will not be subject to disallowance under 
Section 162(m) of the Code.

OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR 
APPROVAL  OF  THE  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  59 

 RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT 
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
(ITEM 5 ON THE PROXY CARD)

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  is  directly  responsible 
for  appointing,  compensating,  overseeing,  evaluating  and, 
when  necessary,  terminating  our  independent  registered 
public  accounting  firm,  and  our  independent  registered 
public  accounting  firm  reports  directly  to  the  Audit  and 
Finance Committee. The Audit and Finance Committee of our 
Board has appointed the firm of Ernst & Young LLP as our 
independent registered public accounting firm for the current 
fiscal year. Ernst & Young LLP has served as our independent 
auditor since our inception. The Audit and Finance Committee 
evaluates  the  performance  of  our  independent  auditors, 
including the senior audit engagement team, each year and 
determines  whether  to  reengage  the  current  independent 
auditors or consider other audit firms. Further, in conjunction 
with the mandated rotation of the audit firm's lead engagement 
partner, the Audit and Finance Committee and its chairman 
are directly involved in the selection of Ernst & Young's new 
lead  engagement  partner.  The  members  of  the  Audit  and 
Finance Committee and the Board believe that the continued 
retention of Ernst &Young LLP to serve as our independent 
auditor is in the best interests of our shareholders.

Although  shareholder  approval  of  the  Audit  and  Finance 
Committee’s selection of Ernst & Young LLP is not required by 
law, our Board believes that it is advisable to give shareholders 
an  opportunity  to  ratify  this  selection.  If  this  proposal  is  not 
approved  at  the  Annual  Meeting,  the  Audit  and  Finance 
Committee may reconsider its selection.

Representatives  of  Ernst  &  Young  LLP  are  expected  to 
be  present  at  the  Annual  Meeting.  They  will  have  the 
opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and 
will  also  be  available  to  respond  to  appropriate  questions 
from shareholders.

OUR BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR 
THE  RATIFICATION  OF  ERNST  &  YOUNG  LLP  AS 
THE  COMPANY’S  INDEPENDENT  REGISTERED 
PUBLIC  ACCOUNTING  FIRM  FOR  THE  CURRENT 
FISCAL YEAR.

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors is 
composed of four members and acts under a written charter, 
as amended and restated on June 14, 2016, a copy of which is 
available in the Corporate Governance section of our Investor 
Information  webpage  at  www.staples.com.  The  members  of 
the Audit and Finance Committee are independent Directors, 
as defined by its charter and the rules of the Rule 10A-3 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the applicable rules of 
the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  provides  independent, 
objective oversight of Staples’ financial reporting process on 
behalf of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary 
responsibility for the preparation, presentation and integrity of 
Staples’ consolidated financial statements and for maintaining 
an adequate system of disclosure controls and procedures and 
maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting 
for  that  purpose.  In  fulfilling  its  oversight  responsibilities,  the 
Audit  and  Finance  Committee  reviewed  and  discussed  with 
management  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements, 
and related schedules, for the 2016 fiscal year, which review 
included a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability, 
of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant 
judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements.

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  discussed  with  Staples’ 
internal auditors and independent registered public accounting 
firm the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The 
Audit  and  Finance  Committee  met  with  the  internal  auditors 

and independent registered public accounting firm, with and 
without  management  present,  to  discuss  the  results  of  their 
examinations,  their  evaluations  of  Staples’  internal  controls, 
and the overall quality of Staples’ financial reporting.

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  reviewed  and  discussed 
with  Ernst  &  Young  LLP,  Staples’  independent  registered 
public  accounting  firm,  which  is  responsible  for  expressing 
an  opinion  on  the  conformity  of  those  audited  consolidated 
financial statements and related schedules with US generally 
accepted accounting principles, its judgments as to the quality, 
not  just  the  acceptability,  of  Staples’  accounting  principles 
and  such  other  matters  as  are  required  to  be  discussed 
with  the  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  by  the  standards  of 
the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United 
States)  (PCAOB),  including  AS  1301  (Communications  with 
Audit Committees), the rules of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and other applicable regulations. The Audit and 
Finance Committee also received the written disclosures and 
the letter from the independent registered public accounting 
firm  required  by  PCAOB  Rule  3526,  Communication  with 
Audit  Committees  Concerning  Independence.  The  Audit 
and  Finance  Committee  discussed  with  the  independent 
registered public accounting firm the independent registered 
public accounting firm’s independence from management and 
Staples and considered the compatibility of non-audit related 
services  provided  to  Staples  by  the  independent  registered 
public accounting firm with the independent registered public 
accounting firm’s independence.

60  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (ITEM 5 ON THE PROXY CARD) 

The Audit and Finance Committee also reviewed and discussed 
together  with  management  and  the  independent  registered 
public accounting firm Staples’ audited consolidated financial 
statements  for  the  year  ended  January  28,  2017,  and  the 
results  of  management’s  assessment  of  the  effectiveness 
of  the  Staples’  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and 
the  independent  auditor’s  audit  of  internal  control  over 
financial reporting.

Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the 
Audit and Finance Committee recommended to Staples’ Board 
of  Directors,  and  the  Board  approved,  that  Staples’  audited 
consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  schedules  be 
included  in  Staples’  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the 
year ended January 28, 2017 for filing with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission.

Audit and Finance 
Committee: 

Curtis Feeny, Chair
Paul-Henri Ferrand
Kunal Kamlani
John Lundgren

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING 
FIRM’S FEES
Audit Fees

Ernst  &  Young  LLP  billed  us  an  aggregate  of  approximately 
$10.8 million and $9.3 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, 
respectively, for professional services rendered in connection 
with  our  annual  audit,  the  audit  of  our  internal  control  over 

financial reporting, the review of our interim financial statements 
included  in  our  Form  10-Q,  statutory  filings,  registration 
statements,  accounting  consultation  and  compliance  with 
regulatory requirements.

Audit-Related Fees

Ernst & Young LLP billed us an aggregate of approximately $135,000 and $232,000 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, for 
services primarily related to employee benefit plan audits, due diligence and other reports required to satisfy regulatory requirements.

Tax Fees

Ernst & Young LLP billed us an aggregate of approximately $2.3 million and $1.4 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, 
for services related to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For fiscal years 2016 and 2015, approximately $150,000 and 
$155,000, respectively, of these fees was related to tax compliance.

All Other Fees

We did not receive any other services from Ernst & Young LLP; therefore, they did not bill us in fiscal years 2016 and 2015 for 
other services.

Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures

The  Audit  and  Finance  Committee  has  adopted  policies  and 
procedures  relating  to  the  approval  of  all  audit  and  non-audit 
services that are to be performed by our independent registered 
public accounting firm. These policies provide that we will not 
engage our independent registered public accounting firm to 
render audit or non-audit services (other than de minimus non-

audit services as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) unless 
the  service  is  specifically  approved  in  advance  by  the  Audit 
and Finance Committee. All services provided to us by Ernst 
&  Young  LLP  in  each  of  fiscal  years  2016  and  2015  were 
approved in accordance with these policies.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  61 

 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock held as of April 17, 2017 by (1) each person who 
is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) each current director and 
nominee of the Staples Board for director; (3) each of the named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table 
included in this proxy statement; and (4) all current directors and executive officers as a group:

Name of beneficial owner
5% Shareholders
Vanguard Group (5) 
100 Vanguard Blvd, Malvern, PA 19355
BlackRock, Inc. (6) 
55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055
Directors, Nominees for Director and Named Executive Officers
Mark Conte
Joseph Doody
Drew Faust (7)
Curtis Feeny
Paul-Henri Ferrand
Shira Goodman (8)
Deborah Henretta
Kunal Kamlani
Christine Komola (9)
John Lundgren
Carol Meyrowitz
Ronald Sargent (10)
Robert Sulentic (11)
Vijay Vishwanath
Paul Walsh (12)
Michael Williams
John Wilson
All current directors and executive officers as a group (18 persons)

Shares directly 
or indirectly 
owned (1)

Shares 
acquirable 
within 
60 days (2)

Total 
shares 
beneficially 
owned (3)

Percentage of 
common stock 
beneficially 
owned (4)

65,277,605

— 65,277,605

10.00%

46,408,127

— 46,408,127

7.11%

—

—
459,329 1,127,854
20,115
58,615
23,794
—
10,707
20,115
791,926
268,761
—
20,115
10,918
20,115
218,042
208,601
20,115
—
81,698
97,982
2,152,217 4,143,672
107,080
88,161
88,161
6,084
— 426,812
1,722,346 2,949,266

128,277
90,042
218,989
23,235

—
1,587,183
78,730
23,794
30,822
1,060,687
20,115
31,033
426,643
20,115
179,680
6,295,889
235,357
178,203
307,150
29,319
426,812
4,671,612

—
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*

* 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

Less than 1%

 Each person listed has sole investment and/or voting power with respect to the shares indicated, except as otherwise noted.

 Reflects (i) shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options exercisable on April 17, 2017 or within 60 days thereafter, and (ii) 
shares issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units within 60 days after April 17, 2017. All options have an exercise price 
in excess of the stock price on April 17, 2017.

 Reflects shares (i) directly or indirectly owned and (ii) shares acquirable within 60 days after April 17, 2017. The inclusion herein 
of any shares as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.

 Number of shares deemed outstanding includes 653,086,539 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 17, 2017, 
any options for shares that are exercisable by such beneficial owner on April 17, 2017 or within 60 days thereafter, and any 
shares issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units to such beneficial owner within 60 days after April 17, 2017.

 Reflects shares beneficially owned as of March 31, 2017, as set forth in a Schedule 13G filed on April 10, 2017. Of these 
shares, Vanguard Group reported to have shared dispositive power with respect to 1,123,205 shares, sole dispositive power 
with respect to 64,154,400 shares, shared voting power with respect to 125,781 shares, and sole voting power with respect to 
1,046,609 shares.

62  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) 

(12) 

 Reflects shares beneficially owned as of December 31, 2016, as set forth in a Schedule 13G filed on January 27, 2017. Of these 
shares, BlackRock, Inc. reported to have sole dispositive power with respect to 46,408,127 shares and sole voting power with 
respect to 40,132,334 shares.

Includes 58,615 shares owned by the Drew Gilpin Faust Personal Trust.

 Includes 232,541 shares owned by the Shira D Goodman Trust.

 Includes 14,028 shares owned by the John A. Komola Trust and 194,573 shares owned by the Christine T. Komola Trust.

 Includes 52,077 shares owned by Sargent Family LLC, 1,458,187 shares owned by the Ronald L. Sargent Revocable Trust, 
19,313 shares owned by the Jill Sargent Irrevocable Trust, 619,174 shares owned by Sargent Partners LLC and 42,269 shares 
owned by Ronald L. Sargent 2011 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust. Also includes 3,466 shares that may be distributed from a 
401(k) plan account.

Includes 302 shares owned by Mr. Sulentic’s daughter.

Includes 247 shares owned by Paul F. Walsh, IRA and 218,742 shares owned by the Walsh Family Trust.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  63 

 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, 
VOTING AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

How does the Board recommend that I vote and what is the requirement to approve each matter?

Matter
Election of Ten Directors

Board 
Recommendation
FOR each director 
nominee

Approval (on an advisory basis) of Named Executive 
Officer Compensation
Advisory vote on the frequency of future executive  
compensation advisory votes
Approval of the Company’s Amended and Restated  
Executive Officer Incentive Plan
Ratification of Ernst & Young LLP

FOR

1 YEAR

FOR

FOR

Voting Approval 
Standard*
Majority of 
votes cast**
Majority of 
votes cast***
Majority of 
votes cast***+
Majority of 
votes cast
Majority of 
votes cast***

Effect of 
Abstention

Effect of Broker 
Non-Vote

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

No effect

Not applicable

* 

** 

*** 

+ 

 A quorum must be present at the meeting in order for the matters to be acted upon. 

 A nominee will be elected as a director at the Annual Meeting if the votes cast “FOR” such nominee exceed the votes cast 
“AGAINST”  such  nominee  (with  “abstentions”  and  “broker  non-votes”  not  counted  as  a  vote  either  “for”  or  “against”  that 
nominee’s election).

This vote is non-binding.

 If none of the three frequency options receives the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast, we will consider the 
frequency option (one year, two years or three years) receiving the highest number of votes cast by shareholders to be the 
frequency recommended by shareholders.

What is a proxy and proxy statement?

A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote the 
shares you own. The person you designate is called a proxy 
or proxy holder. If you designate someone as your proxy in a 
written document, that document also is called a proxy or a 
proxy card. A proxy statement is the document that contains 
the  information  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission 
(SEC) rules require us to provide when we ask you to sign a 
proxy designating individuals to vote on your behalf.

What  is  the  difference  between  a  “shareholder  of 
record” and a “beneficial owner”?

These  terms  describe  the  manner  in  which  your  shares 
are  held.  If  your  shares  are  registered  directly  in  your  name 
through Computer Shareholder Services, our transfer agent, 
you are a “shareholder of record” or registered shareholder. If 
your shares are held in “street name” through a bank, broker, 
nominee or other shareholder of record, you are considered 
the “beneficial owner” of those shares.

Who is entitled to vote?

What constitutes a quorum?

Shareholders of record at the close of business on the record 
date, April 17, 2017, are entitled to receive notice of the Annual 
Meeting and to vote their shares of our common stock at the 
meeting, or any postponement or adjournment of the meeting. 
Holders  of  shares  of  our  common  stock  are  entitled  to  one 
vote per share and individual votes will be kept confidential, 
except as appropriate to meet legal requirements.

Who can attend the meeting?

All shareholders as of the record date, or their duly appointed 
proxies,  may  attend  the  meeting.  A  government-issued 
photo  identification  such  as  a  driver’s  license,  state-issued 
ID card or passport, will be required. Please note that if you 
are a beneficial owner, you will also need to bring a copy of a 
brokerage statement reflecting your stock ownership in Staples 
as of the record date to be allowed into the meeting. You may 
obtain  directions  to  the  location  of  our  Annual  Meeting  by 
writing, emailing or calling our Investor Relations department 
at  500  Staples  Drive,  Framingham,  Massachusetts  01702, 
email: investor@staples.com, or telephone: (800) 468-7751.

The  presence  at  the  meeting,  in  person  or  by  proxy,  of  a 
majority of the shares of our common stock outstanding on 
the record date will constitute a quorum, permitting business 
to be conducted at the meeting. As of the record date, [xx] 
shares  of  our  common  stock  were  outstanding  and  entitled 
to vote. Proxies that are received and marked as abstentions 
or left blank will be included in the calculation of the number 
of  shares  considered  to  be  represented  at  the  meeting  for 
quorum purposes.

What happens if an incumbent director does not receive 
the required number of votes for election?

If an incumbent director does not receive the required number 
of votes he or she is expected to promptly submit his or her 
offer of resignation to the Board. The Board will then consider 
the  resignation  and  the  action  to  be  taken  in  accordance 
with  the  procedures  set  forth  in  our  Corporate  Governance 
Guidelines,  within  90  days  of  the  shareholder  vote.  The 
Company will publicly disclose the Board’s decision, including 
the  Board’s  reasoning  if  the  resignation  is  not  accepted.  If 
the  resignation  is  accepted,  the  Board  may  fill  the  resulting 
vacancy  in  accordance  with  our  by-laws.  Please  see  our 
Corporate Governance Guidelines for more information.

64  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, VOTING AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

How do I vote?

If you received a paper copy of these proxy materials, included 
with such copy is a proxy card or a voting instruction card from 
your bank, broker or other nominee for the Annual Meeting. If 
you received a notice of Internet availability of proxy materials, 
the  notice  will  contain  instructions  on  how  to  access  and 
review the proxy materials online and how to obtain a paper 
or electronic copy of the materials, which will include the proxy 
statement, the 2016 Annual Report and a proxy card or voting 
instruction card, as well as instructions on how to vote.

You may vote using any of the following methods:

If you are a registered shareholder, you may vote in person at 
the meeting or by proxy. If you decide to vote by proxy, you 
may do so over the Internet, by telephone or by mail.

•  Over  the  Internet.  After  reading  the  proxy  materials, 
you  may  use  a  computer  to  access  the  website 
www.proxyvote.com.  You  will  be  prompted  to  enter 
your control number from your proxy card. This number 
will  identify  you  as  a  shareholder  of  record.  Follow  the 
instructions that will be given to you to record your vote.

•  By telephone. After reading the proxy materials, you may 
call  (800)  690-6903  using  a  touch-tone  telephone.  You 
will be prompted to enter your control number from your 
proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder 
of record. Follow the instructions that will be given to you 
to record your vote. 

•  By mail. If you received a paper copy of the proxy card by 
mail, after reading the proxy materials, you may sign, date 
and mark your proxy card and return it in the prepaid and 
addressed envelope provided. 

If  you  are  a  beneficial  owner  and  you  own  shares  that  are 
held in “street name” by a bank, broker or other nominee, you 
will  need  to  contact  your  bank,  broker  or  other  nominee  to 
determine whether you will be able to submit a proxy over the 
Internet or by telephone.

If you are a registered shareholder as of the record date and 
attend the meeting, you may personally deliver your completed 
proxy card or vote in person at the meeting. If you complete, 
sign and return your proxy card, it will be voted as you direct.

If  you  are  a  beneficial  owner,  your  bank,  broker  or  other 
nominee, as the record holder of your shares, is required to 
vote  our  shares  according  to  your  instructions.  Your  bank, 
broker  or  other  nominee  will  send  you  directions  on  how  to 
vote those shares. If you hold your shares in street name, you 
must request a legal proxy from your bank, broker or nominee 
if you would like to vote in person at the Annual Meeting.

What is a Broker Non-Vote?

A  broker  is  entitled  to  vote  shares  held  for  a  shareholder 
on  “discretionary”  matters  without  instructions  from  the 
shareholder of those shares. However, if a shareholder does 
not provide timely instructions, the broker does not have the 
authority to vote on any “non-discretionary” proposals at the 
Annual Meeting and a “broker non-vote” would occur.

The  only  matter  at  the  2017  Annual  Meeting  that  is 
“discretionary” is the ratification of our independent registered 
public  accounting 
firm.  The  other  matters  are  “non-
discretionary.”

Please instruct your broker how to vote your shares using the 
voting  instruction  form  provided  by  your  broker  or  following 
any instructions provided by your broker for voting your shares 
over the Internet or telephonically, if available.

What if I sign and return my proxy or instruction form 
but do not provide voting instructions?

If  no  choice  is  specified  on  a  signed  proxy  card,  the 
persons  named  as  proxies  will  vote  in  accordance  with  the 
recommendations of the Board.

Can  I  change  or  revoke  my  proxy  after  I  return  my 
proxy card?

Yes. Any proxy may be changed or revoked by a shareholder 
at any time before it is exercised at the Annual Meeting by:

•  Submitting a properly signed proxy card with a later date 

that is received at or prior to the Annual Meeting; 

•  Submitting a vote at a later time via the Internet or telephone;

• Attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person; or 

•  Delivering  to  our  Corporate  Secretary  a  written  notice 
of revocation, provided such statement is received at or 
prior to the Annual Meeting. 

If you are a beneficial owner and hold shares in street name, 
you  may  submit  new  voting  instructions  or  revoke  your 
voting  instructions  by  contacting  your  bank,  broker  or  other 
nominee. You may also change your vote or revoke your voting 
instructions  in  person  at  the  Annual  Meeting  if  you  obtain  a 
legal  proxy  from  the  record  holder  (bank,  broker  or  other 
nominee) giving you the right to vote the shares.

Are there other matters to be voted on at the meeting?

As  of  the  date  of  this  proxy  statement,  our  Board  does  not 
know of any other matters which may come before the meeting, 
other than the matters described in this proxy statement and 
the deadline under our by-laws for submission of matters by 
shareholders has passed. Should any other matter requiring 
a vote of our shareholders arise and be properly presented at 
the Annual Meeting, the proxy for the Annual Meeting confers 
upon  the  persons  named  in  the  proxy  and  designated  to 
vote  the  shares  discretionary  authority  to  vote,  or  otherwise 
act, with respect to any such matter in accordance with their 
best judgment.

Our  Board  encourages  shareholders  to  attend  the 
Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, you 
are  urged  to  submit  your  proxy.  Prompt  response  will 
greatly facilitate arrangements for the meeting and your 
cooperation  is  appreciated.  Shareholders  who  attend 
the  Annual  Meeting  may  vote  their  stock  personally 
even though they have sent in their proxies. If you are 
a beneficial owner, you must request a legal proxy from 
your bank, broker or nominee if you would like to vote in 
person at the Annual Meeting.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  65 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, VOTING AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

Solicitation

All  costs  associated  with  preparing,  assembling,  printing, 
mailing,  and  distributing  these  proxy  materials  will  be  borne 
by Staples. Staples will also bear the cost of soliciting proxies 
on  behalf  of  our  Board.  Staples  will  provide  copies  of  these 
proxy materials to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries, and 
custodians  holding  in  their  names  shares  of  our  common 
stock beneficially owned by others so that they may forward 
these  proxy  materials  to  the  beneficial  owners.  Staples  has 
retained the services of D.F. King & Co., Inc., a professional 
proxy  solicitation  firm,  to  aid  in  the  solicitation  of  proxies. 
Staples expects that it will pay D.F. King its customary fees, 
estimated  not  to  exceed  approximately  $10,000  in  the 
aggregate, plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
in  the  process  of  soliciting  proxies.  In  addition,  Staples  may 

Shareholder Proposals

We did not receive any shareholder proposals or nominations 
for  director  candidates  that  must  be  presented  at  our  2017 
Annual Meeting. In accordance with our by-laws, in order for 
a  shareholder  to  present  a  proposal  for  a  vote  or  nominate 
a director candidate for election at our 2017 Annual Meeting 
but  not  have  such  proposal  included  in  the  proxy  materials, 
the shareholder must have provided us with advance written 
notice by March 16, 2017.

Shareholders  who  intend  to  present  proposals  at  our  2018 
Annual Meeting and want us to include such proposals in our 
proxy  materials  relating  to  that  meeting  should  contact  our 
Corporate Secretary. Such proposals must be received at our 
principal corporate offices at 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, 
Massachusetts 01702 not later than December 27, 2017 and 
must be in compliance with applicable laws and Rule 14a-8 
under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  (the  “Exchange 
Act”) in order to be considered for possible inclusion in the proxy 
statement and form of proxy for our 2017 Annual Meeting.

If a shareholder wishes to present a proposal or nominate a 
director candidate for election at our 2018 Annual Meeting and 
the proposal or nomination is not intended to be included in our 
proxy statement for such meeting, the shareholder must give 
us advance notice and provide the information required by our 
by-laws, including but not limited to, information regarding the 
identity of the shareholder or beneficial owner, their holdings 

reimburse  brokerage  firms  and  other  persons  representing 
beneficial  owners  of  shares  for  their  expenses  in  forwarding 
solicitation materials to such beneficial owner.

Solicitations  may  also  be  made  by  personal  interview,  mail, 
telephone, facsimile, email, Twitter, other electronic channels 
of  communication,  in  particular  LinkedIn,  Staples’  investor 
relations  website,  Staples’  Annual  Meeting  website,  located 
at  https://staplesannualmeeting.com,  other  Staples-hosted 
websites  and  blogs,  or  otherwise  by  directors,  officers,  and 
other  employees  of  Staples,  but  Staples  will  not  additionally 
compensate  its  directors,  officers,  or  other  employees  for 
these services.

in  Staples  securities,  agreements  or  compensation  relating 
to  such  nomination  or  matter,  and  any  derivatives  or  other 
arrangements  to  mitigate  risk  or  change  voting  power.  If  a 
shareholder gives notice of such a proposal or nomination after 
the applicable deadline, the shareholder will not be permitted 
to  present  the  proposal  or  nomination  to  the  shareholders 
for a vote at the meeting. For our 2018 Annual Meeting, our 
Corporate Secretary generally must receive such a notice at 
500  Staples  Drive,  Framingham,  Massachusetts  01702  not 
later than 90 days and no earlier than 120 days prior to the 
first anniversary of our 2017 Annual Meeting. However, if the 
date of our 2018 Annual Meeting is more than 30 days before 
or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by 
the  shareholder  must  be  received  no  earlier  than  120  days 
prior to the 2018 Annual Meeting and not later than the later 
of (i) the 90th day prior to the 2018 Annual Meeting and (ii) the 
tenth day following the day on which public announcement of 
the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting is made or notice for the 
2018 Annual Meeting was mailed, whichever occurs first.

Under  certain  circumstances,  shareholders  may  also  submit 
nominations for directors for inclusion in our proxy materials by 
complying with the requirements of our proxy access by-laws. 
For  more  information  regarding  proxy  access,  please  see 
the  caption  “Director  Candidates  –  Shareholder-Nominated 
Director Candidates” above.

Householding of Annual Meeting Materials

Some  banks,  brokers  and  other  nominee  record  holders 
may be participating in the practice of “householding” proxy 
statements, annual reports and notices of Internet availability 
of  proxy  materials.  This  means  that  only  one  copy  of  our 
proxy statement, annual report or notice of Internet availability 
of  proxy  materials  may  be  sent  to  multiple  shareholders  in 
a  household,  which  helps  us  reduce  our  printing  costs  and 
postage fees and helps the environment by conserving natural 
resources. However, we will promptly deliver a separate copy 
of these documents to you if you write, email or call our Investor 

Relations  department  at  500  Staples  Drive,  Framingham, 
Massachusetts  01702,  email: 
investor@staples.com,  or 
telephone:  (800)  468-7751.  If  you  want  to  receive  separate 
copies  of  the  proxy  statement,  annual  report  or  notice  of 
Internet  availability  of  proxy  materials  in  the  future,  or  if  you 
are  receiving  multiple  copies  and  would  like  to  receive  only 
one copy for your household, you should contact your bank, 
broker, or other nominee record holder, or you may contact us 
at the above address, email or phone number.

66  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING, VOTING AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

Electronic Delivery of Shareholder Communications

If you received a hard copy of your Annual Meeting materials by 
mail, we encourage you to conserve natural resources, as well 
as help us reduce our printing and mailing costs, by signing up 
to receive or access your shareholder communications 
via e-mail. To sign up for electronic delivery or access, visit 
www.proxyvote.com.  Your  electronic  delivery  or  access 
enrollment will be effective until you cancel it, which you may 

do at any time by following the procedures described at the 
website listed above. If you have questions about electronic 
delivery  or  access,  please  write,  email  or  call  our  Investor 
Relations  department  at  500  Staples  Drive,  Framingham, 
Massachusetts  01702,  email: 
investor@staples.com,  or 
telephone: (800) 468-7751.

Securities and Exchange Commission Filings

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, as well as other 
information  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission 
(“SEC”).  You  may  read  and  copy  any  document  that  we  file 
with the SEC at its Internet website at www.sec.gov or at its 
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 
20549. If you would like to receive a copy of our Annual Report 

on Form 10-K for our 2016 fiscal year, or any of the exhibits 
listed therein, please write, email or call our Investor Relations 
department at 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, Massachusetts 
01702, email: investor@staples.com, or telephone: (800) 468-
7751, and we will provide you with the Annual Report or any 
requested exhibits without charge.

Forward-Looking Statements

in 

information  contained 

Certain 
this  proxy  statement 
constitutes  forward-looking  statements  for  purposes  of  the 
safe  harbor  provisions  of  The  Private  Securities  Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Any statements contained in this proxy 
statement  that  are  not  statements  of  historical  fact  should 
be  considered  forward-looking  statements.  You  can  identify 
forward-looking statements by the use of the words “believes”, 
“expects”,  “anticipates”,  “plans”,  “may”,  “will”,  “would”, 
“intends”, “estimates”, and other similar expressions, whether 
in the negative or affirmative, although not all forward-looking 
statements include such words. Forward-looking statements 

are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates 
and projections which involve substantial uncertainty and risk, 
including the review of our assessments by our outside auditor 
and changes in management’s assumptions and projections. 
Actual  results  may  differ  materially  from  those  indicated  by 
such  forward-looking  statements  as  a  result  of  risks  and 
uncertainties, including those factors discussed or referenced 
in  our  most  recent  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  filed  with 
the SEC, under the heading “Risk Factors,” a copy of which 
accompanies this proxy statement.

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  67 

I. Summary and Objectives 

Staples, Inc. (“Staples”) has developed this Executive Officer 
Incentive  Plan  (the  “Incentive  Plan”)  to  provide  opportunities 
for  Plan  Participants  (as  defined  below)  to  earn  financial 
rewards for their role in ensuring that Staples meets its annual 
performance  targets.  The  Incentive  Plan  aims  to  align  the 

interests of the Plan Participants with those of our shareholders. 
Bonus awards are based on actual results measured against 
pre-established company financial objectives. Bonus awards 
are  intended  to  provide  a  reward  to  Plan  Participants  and 
supplement the base salary program.

II. Term of Plan 

The  Incentive  Plan  will  cover  five  fiscal  years  (or  portions 
thereof),  beginning  with  the  2017  fiscal  year  (beginning 
January 29, 2017) and ending with the 2021 fiscal year (ending 

January 29, 2022). Each such fiscal year or portion of a fiscal 
year  in  which  performance  is  measured  under  this  Plan  is 
referred to herein as a “Plan Period”.

III. Eligibility

Provided that the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors (the “Committee”) determines that Staples meets the 
applicable performance objectives for a particular Plan Period, 
as  set  forth  below,  and  all  other  eligibility  requirements  are 
met,  the  following  guidelines  will  be  used  to  determine  Plan 
Participants’  bonus  award  eligibility.  Except  as  set  forth  in 
Section III.D with respect to a Plan Participant’s death, bonus 
awards are not guaranteed and will not be paid unless Staples 
meets  the  required  objectives  set  forth  in  the  Incentive  Plan 
and the Committee authorizes the payment of bonus awards.

A. General Eligibility Requirements

Each executive officer of Staples, within the meaning of the rules 
and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, will be eligible to participate in the Incentive Plan, 
except that an executive officer whose employment terminates 
prior  to  the  end  of  a  Plan  Period,  other  than  as  a  result  of 
permanent disability, death or retirement, will not be eligible to 
receive a bonus award under the Incentive Plan for that Plan 
Period (each a “Plan Participant”).

B. Changes in Position

A Plan Participant who changes from one position to another 
will be eligible for a prorated bonus award as follows:

1.  A  Plan  Participant  who  transfers  from  an  Incentive 
Plan eligible position into a position eligible for another 
bonus plan is eligible for a prorated bonus award under 
the  Incentive  Plan  based  on  the  number  of  days  the 
associate  was  a  Plan  Participant  during  the  applicable 
Plan Period. The associate’s eligibility for a bonus for the 
new  position,  if  any,  will  be  determined  in  accordance 
with any applicable bonus plan for that position.

 2.  A Plan Participant who changes from one Incentive Plan 
eligible position to another, through a promotion, transfer 
or demotion, is eligible for a prorated bonus award for 
each position based on the number of days the associate 
held such position during the applicable Plan Period. 

C. Leaves of Absence

A  Plan  Participant  who  is  on  a  company-approved  leave  of 
absence in excess of 90 days during a Plan Period will not be 
eligible for a bonus award for the portion of his or her leave 
over 90 days unless otherwise approved by the Committee.

D. Retirement, Disability or Death

Retirement:  If  a  Plan  Participant  terminates  his  or  her 
employment after attaining age 55 and if at the time of such 
termination of employment the sum of the years of service (as 
determined by the Board of Directors of Staples) completed by 
the associate plus the associate’s age is greater than or equal 
to 65, the associate will be eligible for a prorated bonus award 
based on the number of days the associate was employed by 
Staples during the applicable Plan Period.

Disability: If a Plan Participant’s employment is terminated due 
to permanent disability before the end of the Plan Period, the 
associate will be eligible for a prorated bonus award based on 
the number of days the associate was employed by Staples 
during the applicable Plan Period.

In  each  case  described  above,  no  prorated  bonus  will  be 
paid unless all of the applicable requirements set forth in the 
Incentive  Plan  are  met,  including  without  limitation  that  the 
Committee  determines  that  Staples  meets  the  applicable 
performance  objectives  for  a  particular  Plan  Period  and 
authorizes the payment of bonus awards.

Death:  If  a  Plan  Participant’s  employment  is  terminated  due 
to death before the end of the Plan Period, 100% of the Plan 
Participant’s  Target  Award  for  such  Plan  Period  will  be  paid 
within  60  days  of  such  termination;  provided,  that  if  such 
Plan Period does not cover the entire fiscal year, the amount 
paid shall be annualized (with any amounts paid for previous 
Plan  Periods  deducted);  and  provided,  further,  that  if  such 
termination occurs during the Plan Participant’s first fiscal year 
under  the  Incentive  Plan,  the  bonus  award  will  be  prorated 
based on the number of days the associate was employed by 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  A-1 

 APPENDIX AStaples, Inc.Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive PlanFiscal Years 2017 - 2021APPENDIX A

Staples during the applicable fiscal year, calculated as if the 
associate had been employed by Staples through the end of 
the fiscal year. 

than  retirement  (as  defined  above),  permanent  disability  or 
death, no bonus will be paid to the Plan Participant for that 
Plan Period. 

E. Employment and Compliance

As  described  under  “General  Eligibility  Requirements,”  and 
except  as  set  forth  in  Section  III.D,  a  Plan  Participant  must 
be employed as of the last day of the fiscal year in which the 
Plan Period occurs in order to be eligible for a bonus. If the 
employment  of  a  Plan  Participant  terminates  during  a  Plan 
Period (or later in the same fiscal year) for any reason other 

In addition, a Plan Participant must comply with all applicable 
state  and  federal  regulations  and  Staples’  policies  (the 
“Compliance Requirements”) in order to be eligible to receive 
a bonus award under the Incentive Plan. If a Plan Participant 
who is terminated after the end of a Plan Period, but before 
bonus awards for such Plan Period are distributed, for violating 
any  of  the  Compliance  Requirements  will  not  be  eligible  to 
receive a bonus award for such Plan Period.

IV. The Plan

Within the earlier of (i) 90 days after the beginning of each Plan 
Period and (ii) the first 25% of the Plan Period, the Committee 
will establish specific performance objectives for the payment 
of  bonus  awards  for  that  Plan  Period.  The  performance 
objectives for each Plan Period will be based on one or more 
of  the  following  measures,  which  may  be  determined  on  a 
Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  (GAAP)  or  non-
GAAP basis: sales, earnings per share, return on net assets, 
return  on  equity,  adjusted  operating  profit,  free  cash  flow, 
total  shareholder  return,  net  income,  operating  income  and 
customer  service  levels.  These  performance  objectives  are 
intended to establish the benchmark of success for Staples. 
The  Committee  may  determine  that  special  one-time  or 
extraordinary  gains  or  losses,  including  without  limitation  as 
a  result  of  certain  acquisitions  or  divestitures  and  changes 
in accounting principles, should or should not be included in 
determining whether such performance objectives have been 
met. In addition, customer service target levels will be based 
on pre-determined tests of customer service levels, including 
without  limitation  scores  on  blind  test  (“mystery”)  shopping, 
customer  comment  card  statistics,  customer 
relations 
statistics  (e.g.,  number  of  customer  complaints),  delivery 
response  levels  or  customer  satisfaction  surveys  conducted 
by a third party.

V. Payment Calculations

Each Plan Participant will have a target bonus award (a “Target 
Award”) for each Plan Period. Target Awards will be expressed 
as  a  percentage  of  the  actual  base  salary  paid  to  the  Plan 
Participant  during  the  Plan  Period.  The  percentages  will  be 
determined by the Committee based on the Plan Participant’s 
job level and responsibilities and may vary for different officers 
or business units.

At the end of the Plan Period, the Committee shall determine 
the amount, if any, to be paid to each Plan Participant based 
on the extent that the performance goals established for the 

For each Plan Period, a specified percentage (which may vary 
from  Plan  Period  to  Plan  Period)  of  each  Target  Award  (as 
defined below) will be based upon each of the performance 
objectives selected by the Committee for that Plan Period. For 
each of the performance objectives, a specified percentage of 
the portion of the Target Award that is based on that particular 
performance  objective  will  be  paid  based  on  the  level  of 
performance achieved. Each performance objective shall have 
a threshold performance level that must be achieved for any of 
the bonus award to be paid for such objective. 

The  maximum  bonus  award  payable  to  an  executive  officer 
for  any  fiscal  year  during  the  term  of  the  Incentive  Plan  is 
$4 million, with such amount proportionately allocated among 
all Plan Periods within each such fiscal year. In addition, but 
subject to the preceding sentence, the Committee presently 
intends to limit bonus awards to 200% of a Plan Participant’s 
Target Award.

Plan Participant were achieved and shall authorize payment by 
Staples to the Plan Participant; provided that the Committee 
may  use  negative  discretion  to  decrease,  but  not  increase, 
the amount of any bonus award otherwise payable to a Plan 
Participant.

Any  bonus  checks  will  be  distributed  to  Plan  Participants 
within  2½  months  following  the  end  of  the  applicable  fiscal 
year in which the Plan Period occurs.

A-2  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Staples, Inc.Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive PlanFiscal Years 2017 - 2021APPENDIX A

VI. Plan Administration

A. Administration

The Incentive Plan will be administered by the Committee. The 
Committee  will  have  broad  authority  for  determining  target 
bonuses and selecting performance objectives, as described 
below;  for  adopting  rules  and  regulations  relating  to  the 
Incentive  Plan;  and  for  making  decisions  and  interpretations 
regarding  the  provisions  of  the  Incentive  Plan,  including 
determining  to  what  extent,  if  any,  specific  items  are  to  be 
counted  in  the  relevant  financial  measures  for  any  particular 
business, the satisfaction of performance objectives and the 
payment of awards under the Incentive Plan. 

payment of bonus awards to amend, terminate or discontinue 
the Incentive Plan in whole or in part whenever it is considered 
necessary.

The Incentive Plan may be amended or terminated by either 
the  Board  of  Directors  or  the  Committee,  provided  that 
(1)  no  amendment  or  termination  of  the  Incentive  Plan  after 
the end of a Plan Period may adversely affect the rights of Plan 
Participants with respect to their bonus awards for that Plan 
Period, and (2) no amendment which would require stockholder 
approval  under  Section  162(m)  of  the  Internal  Revenue 
Code may be effected without such stockholder approval. 

B. Employment at Will

D. Rights are Non-Assignable

The  Incentive  Plan  does  not  create  an  express  or  implied 
contract  of  employment  between  Staples  and  a  Plan 
Participant. Both Staples and the Plan Participants retain the 
right to terminate the employment relationship at any time and 
for any reason. 

Neither the Plan Participant nor any beneficiary nor any other 
person  shall  have  any  right  to  assign  the  right  to  receive 
payments hereunder, in whole or in part, which payments are 
non-assignable  and  non-transferable,  whether  voluntarily  or 
involuntarily. 

C.  Bonus  Provisions  (Amendments  and 
Termination)

Bonuses are not earned or vested until actual payments are 
made.  Staples  reserves  the  right  at  any  time  prior  to  actual 

E. Withholding

All  required  deductions,  including  without  limitation  with 
respect to federal, state or local taxes, will be withheld from 
the bonus awards prior to distribution. 

VII. Forfeiture and Recovery for Misconduct

A. Right of Recovery

Notwithstanding  any  other  provision  of  this  Incentive  Plan 
to  the  contrary,  if  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Staples  (or  its 
authorized  designee,  the  “Board”)  determines  during  the 
Recovery Period (as defined below) that a Plan Participant has 
engaged in Misconduct (as defined below), the Board, subject 
to the limitations set forth in this Section VII, may in its sole 
discretion  (1)  terminate  such  Plan  Participant’s  participation 
in the Incentive Plan, or with respect to any award under the 
Incentive Plan, and treat any outstanding award as forfeited, 
(2)  require  forfeiture,  in  whole  or  in  part,  of  payment  of  any 
award that has been previously approved for payment under 
this Incentive Plan which remains in whole or in part unpaid, 
and/or  (3)  demand  that  the  Plan  Participant  pay  to  Staples 
in  cash  the  amount  described  in  Section  VII.B.;  provided, 
however,  that  in  the  event  the  Board  determines  during 
the  Recovery  Period  that  the  Plan  Participant  engaged  in 
Misconduct  as  described  in  clause  (D)  of  the  definition  of 
Misconduct) (“Restatement Misconduct”), the Board shall in all 
circumstances, in addition to any other recovery action taken, 
require forfeiture and demand repayment pursuant hereto. 

“Recovery  Period”  means  (1)  if  the  Misconduct  relates  to 
Restatement Misconduct, or the Misconduct consists of acts 
or omissions relating to Staples’ financial matters that in the 
discretion of the Board are reasonably unlikely to be discovered 
prior  to  the  end  of  the  fiscal  year  in  which  the  Misconduct 
occurred and the completion of the outside audit of Staples’ 
annual financial statements, the period during which the Plan 
Participant is employed by Staples and the period ending 18 
months after the Plan Participant’s last day of employment; (2) if 
the Misconduct relates to the breach of any agreement between 
the Plan Participant and Staples, the term of the agreement 
and the period ending six months following the expiration of 
the  agreement,  and  (3)  in  all  other  cases,  the  period  during 
which  the  Plan  Participant  is  employed  by  Staples  and  the 
period ending six months after the Plan Participant’s last day 
of employment. If during the Recovery Period the Board gives 
written notice to the Plan Participant of potential Misconduct, 
the  Recovery  Period  shall  be  extended  for  such  reasonable 
time  as  the  Board  may  specify  is  appropriate  for  it  to  make 
a final determination of Misconduct and seek enforcement of 
any of its remedies described above. Staples’ rights pursuant 
to  this  Section  VII  shall  terminate  on  the  effective  date  of  a 
Change in Control (as defined in the Staples, Inc. 2014 Stock 
Incentive Plan) and no Recovery Period shall extend beyond 
that date except with respect to any Plan Participant for which 
the Board prior to such Change in Control gave written notice 
to such Plan Participant of potential Misconduct. 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  A-3 

Staples, Inc.Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive PlanFiscal Years 2017 - 2021APPENDIX A

For purposes of administratively enforcing its rights under this 
Section VII, during any period for which potential Misconduct 
has  been  identified  by  Staples,  the  Board  may  (1)  suspend 
such  Plan  Participant’s  participation  in  the  Incentive  Plan, 
or  with  respect  to  any  award  under  the  Incentive  Plan,  or 
(2) temporarily withhold, in whole or in part, payment of any 
award  that  has  been  previously  approved  by  the  Board  for 
payment under this Incentive Plan which remains in whole or 
in part unpaid.

B. Amount of Recovery

With  respect  to  Misconduct  described  in  clause  (A)  of  the 
definition  of  Misconduct  (breach  of  agreement)  and  clause 
(B)  of  such  definition  (violation  of  Code  of  Ethics),  and  in 
addition to its right to effect a termination of participation and a 
forfeiture of outstanding awards under this Incentive Plan, the 
Board may recover from the Plan Participant the amount of any 
payments  made  to  the  Plan  Participant  under  this  Incentive 
Plan during the last 12 months of employment with Staples.

With  respect  to  Misconduct  described  in  clause  (C)  of  the 
definition  of  Misconduct  (intentional  deceitful  acts),  and  in 
addition to its right to effect a termination of participation and 
a  forfeiture  of  outstanding  awards  under  this  Incentive  Plan, 
the Board may recover from the Plan Participant the greater 
of  (1)  the  amount  paid  to  the  Plan  Participant  with  respect 
to  any  award  made  under  this  Incentive  Plan  with  a  fiscal 
year  that  includes  any  period  during  which  the  Misconduct 
occurred,  or  with  a  fiscal  year  which  was  directly  impacted 
by  the  Misconduct,  or  (2)  the  amount  determined  by  the 
Board  in  its  sole  discretion  to  represent  the  financial  impact 
of  the  Misconduct  upon  Staples;  provided,  however,  that 
such  recovery  amount  shall  be  reduced  by  the  value  of  any 
forfeited outstanding awards under this Incentive Plan (value to 
be determined by the Target Award for such awards) and any 
amounts recovered from the Plan Participant under Staples’ 
cash bonus plans and other short term or long term incentive 
plans as a result of such Misconduct.

With respect to Restatement Misconduct, and in addition to its 
right to effect a termination of participation and a forfeiture of 
outstanding awards under this Incentive Plan, the Board shall 
seek to recover the entire amount paid to the Plan Participant 
with respect to any award made under this Incentive Plan in 
the  twenty-four  (24)  month  period  following  the  first  public 
issuance of the financial statements that are the subject of an 
accounting restatement relating to the Misconduct.

VIII. Dodd-Frank Clawback

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Incentive Plan to the 
contrary, in order to comply with Section 10D of the Securities 
Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  and  any  regulations 
promulgated, or national securities exchange listing conditions 
adopted,  with  respect  thereto  (collectively,  the  “Clawback 
Requirements”),  if  the  Company  is  required  to  prepare  an 
accounting  restatement  due  to  the  material  noncompliance 
of  the  Company  with  any  financial  reporting  requirements 
under  the  securities  laws,  then  the  Participant  shall  return 
to the Company, or forfeit if not yet paid, the amount of any 
award  received  under  this  Plan  during  the  three-year  period 

The term “recover” or “recovered” shall include, but shall not 
be limited to, any right of set-off, reduction, recoupment, off-
set, forfeiture, or other attempt by Staples to withhold or claim 
payment of an award or any proceeds thereof. Staples’ right 
of  forfeiture  and  recovery  of  awards  shall  not  limit  any  other 
right  or  remedy  available  to  Staples  for  a  Plan  Participant’s 
Misconduct,  whether  in  law  or  equity,  including  but  not 
limited  to  injunctive  relief,  terminating  the  Plan  Participant’s 
employment with Staples, or taking other legal action against 
the Plan Participant.

The amount that may be recovered under this Section VII shall 
be  determined  on  a  gross  basis  without  reduction  for  taxes 
paid or payable by a Plan Participant.

C. Definition of Misconduct

“Misconduct,” as determined by Staples (which determination 
shall be conclusive), shall mean:

(A)  Breach  by  the  Plan  Participant  of  any  provision  of  any 
employment,  consulting,  advisory,  proprietary  information, 
non-disclosure,  non-competition,  non-solicitation  or  other 
similar agreement between the Plan Participant and Staples, 
including,  without  limitation,  the  Proprietary  and  Confidential 
Information  Agreement  and/or  the  Non-Compete  and  Non-
Solicitation Agreement; or

(B) Violation by the Plan Participant of the Code of Ethics; or

(C) The Plan Participant’s engagement in intentional deceitful 
act(s) that results in (i) an improper personal benefit, or (ii) injury 
to Staples; or

(D)  The  Plan  Participant’s  engagement  in  fraud  or  willful 
misconduct  (not  acting  in  good  faith  or  with  reasonable 
belief  that  conduct  was  in  the  best  interests  of  Staples) 
that  significantly  contributes  to  Staples  preparing  a  material 
financial  restatement,  other  than  a  restatement  of  financial 
statements  that  became  materially  inaccurate  because  of 
revisions to generally accepted accounting principles.

For purposes of this Section VII regarding forfeiture and recovery 
for  Misconduct,  any  reference  therein  to  Staples  (other  than 
with  respect  to  defining  the  Board  of  Directors)  shall  also 
include any entity that Staples directly or indirectly controls.

preceding  the  date  on  which  the  Company  is  required  to 
prepare the accounting restatement, based on the erroneous 
data, in excess of what would have been paid to the Participant 
under  the  accounting  restatement  as  determined  by  the 
Committee  in  accordance  with  the  Clawback  Requirements 
and  any  policy  adopted  by  the  Committee  pursuant  to  the 
Clawback Requirements.

Approved by the Board of Directors on March 7, 2017, subject 
to stockholder approval.

A-4  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Staples, Inc.Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive PlanFiscal Years 2017 - 2021 SUMMARY OF 2016 STAPLES CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

At Staples we take pride in making a positive impact on society, our associates and the planet. We’re dedicated to bringing 
awareness to and effecting meaningful change in the areas of Community, Diversity & Inclusion, Environment, and Ethics. These 
efforts help make us an employer and neighbor of choice, differentiate our brand, and support profitable and responsible growth.

COMMUNITY 

Staples is dedicated to providing education and career skills 
development  to  communities  where  our  customers  and 
associates  live  and  work.  We  contribute  through  large-scale 
initiatives  as  well  as  local  programs  that  promote  goodwill 
and  build  strong  community  ties  globally.  We  also  help  our 
associates,  customers,  and  local  communities  in  times  of 
crisis or disaster.

•  Engaged 5,700 associates to volunteer more than 62,000 
hours  across  14  countries  and  raise  over  $1.1  million 
through non-profit fundraising campaigns.

•  Inspired  customers  to  donate  more  than  $2.1  million 
through six cause marketing and disaster relief campaigns 
conducted in the U.S. and Canada.

Progress updates:

•  Donated more than $11 million to non-profit organizations 
and schools around the world through Staples Foundation, 
corporate charitable giving programs, in-kind donations, 
and cause marketing efforts. 

•  Enabled  over  12,000  associates  through  the  2  Million 
& Change grant program to direct $2.3 million to 1,000 
organizations  they  personally  care  about  and  support 
across 24 countries. 

DIVERSITY & INCLUSION

from  our 

recognition 

Staples’  commitment  to  diversity  and  inclusive  excellence 
stems 
that  being  a  successful 
company requires people with rich backgrounds and diverse 
perspectives. We know that differences in age, race, gender, 
gender identity, nationality, sexual orientation, physical ability, 
background and thinking style promote creative thinking and 
problem-solving.  Our  desire  to  attract,  develop  and  retain 
associates that reflect our diverse customer base is essential 
to  our  growth  and  evolution.  With  an  invigorated  focus  on 
inclusion,  we  strive  to  operate  in  a  way  that  each  associate 
feels  comfortable  bringing  their  WHOLE  self  to  work,  thus 
performing at even greater levels. Staples inclusive culture, we 
believe,  will  be  our  greatest  differentiator  in  driving  business 
success in the ever-changing global marketplace.

Progress updates:

•  Global  Engagement  Survey  results  continue  to  show  a 
positive  perception  of  our  commitment  to  diversity  and 
inclusion, with favorability at 90% in 2016. 

•  Showcased our commitment to Gender Equity by signing 
the Equal Pay Pledge, participating in the Employers for 
Pay  Equity,  and  eliminating  previous  salary  inquiries  as 
part of our hiring process.

•  Helped  over  36,000  people 

in  North  American 
communities  impacted  by  disasters,  including  support 
through  the  Staples  Emergency  Education  Fund  with 
Save the Children. 

•  Encouraged more than 5,200 North American associates 
to  contribute  $846,000  to  help  over  870  associates  in 
need of assistance through the Staples Share Fund. 

•  For the sixth straight year, scored 100% rating on Human 

Right’s Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index. 

•  Hosted  a  series  of  discussions  entitled  “Race  is  NOT  a 

Four-Letter Word.” 

•  Launched an Executive Inclusion & Diversity Council for 

input and oversight of the greater inclusion agenda. 

•  Grew  our  network  of  Associate  Resource  Groups  from 
13  to  20  chapters  including  the  launch  of  two  unique 
ARGs  representing  diverse  demographics  –  Women  in 
Technology and Parenting Plus.

•  Staples  is  a  corporate  member  and  active  supporter  of 
several national and regional organizations that focus on 
the development and advancement of diverse businesses 
such  as  the  National  Gay  and  Lesbian  Chamber  of 
Commerce 
(NGLCC),  Women’s  Business  Enterprise 
National  Council  (WBENC)  and  the  National  Minority 
Supplier Development Council (NMSDC). 

•  In  2016,  Staples  increased  our  diverse  portfolio  to  over 
$351  million  in  spend  which  is  an  11%  increase  over 
previous year. While simultaneously increasing the number 
of diverse companies we work with from 471 to 983. 

www.staplesannualmeeting.com  STAPLES  1 

SUMMARY OF 2016 STAPLES CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY ACCOMPLISHMENTS

ENVIRONMENT

Our vision is to generate business and environmental benefits 
— for ourselves, our customers and our communities — by 
leading the way in sustainable business practices. Staples is 
working to achieve this vision through a continued focus on 
sourcing  more  sustainable  products;  improving  our  offering 
of recycling and other green services; maximizing our energy 
efficiency  and  renewable  energy  use  to  reduce  our  climate 
impacts; and eliminating waste.

Progress updates:

•  Globally  we  sold  over  $4  billion  in  products  with 

environmental features in 2016.

ETHICS

At Staples, doing right is just as important as doing well. We 
know  that  a  strong  foundation  of  ethics  and  governance  is 
comprised of both a clear and comprehensive Code of Conduct 
(the  “Code”)  and  associate  conduct  which  demonstrates  an 
uncompromising commitment to that Code. Both are essential 
to  build  the  trust  of  our  customers,  investors  and  other 
stakeholders. That’s why we hold all Staples associates, from 
the boardroom to the store floor to the supply chain, to the 
highest standards of honesty, fairness and integrity.

Progress updates:

•  Associates have access to policies, training and resources 
through  our  internal  online  Ethics  and  Compliance 
Community. 

•  We  have  industry  leading  customer  recycling  programs 
for  electronics  and  ink  and  toner  cartridges.  In  2016, 
we  helped  our  customers  recycle  more  than  25  million 
pounds  of  office  technology  and  50  million  cartridges 
globally across our markets.

•  We remain focused on energy efficiency and renewable 
energy.  In  2016,  we  ended  the  year  with  643  buildings 
certified  to  the  ENERGY  STAR  standard,  51%  of  active 
buildings in the US. 

•  Staples  Europe  supported  Plant  for  the  Planet,  one  of 
the  world’s  leading  tree  planting  charities,  by  planting 
trees on the behalf of customers who improve their eco-
performance. Staples planted 150,000 trees on behalf of 
customers in 2016. 

•  Staples’  Ethics  and  Compliance  Office  revises  and 
streamlines  training  programs  as  necessary  to  ensure 
that associates have easy access to all of their required 
training.

•  Live  training  is  provided  to  business  units  domestically 
and  internationally  to  help  ensure  that  associates  are 
familiar with relevant laws and company policies. 

•  We  maintain  Staples  Supplier  Code  of  Conduct,  which 
is  designed  to  ensure  that  workers  making  Staples 
Brand  Products  are  treated  fairly,  with  dignity  and 
respect, and that our suppliers operate in an ethical and 
environmentally  sustainable  manner.  Every  factory  that 
supplies  Staples  Brand  Products  is  audited  if  they  are 
located in a designated “at risk” country for compliance 
to our Code. 

RECOGNITION & AWARDS

As  a  result  of  the  collaborative  effort  of  our  leadership  team 
and our associates globally, several organizations recognized 
Staples in 2016 for excellence in corporate responsibility.

•  Awarded EPA’s 2016 Sustainable Materials Management 
Electronics  Challenge  Champion  Award  for  advancing 
responsible recycling of electronics. 

•  For the 13th consecutive year, selected as a component 
of  the  Dow  Jones  Sustainability  Indexes  (DJSI)  for 
2016/2017. 

•  Staples won an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year award 
in 2016 for Sustained Excellence, the 7th year in a row 
that we have been recognized. 

•  For the 6th straight year, earned perfect 100% score on 
the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.

2  STAPLES  Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

UNITED STATES 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 

For the transition period from  

 to  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(Mark one)





For the fiscal year ended: 

January 28, 2017

Commission File Number: 

0-17586

STAPLES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

Five Hundred Staples Drive,

Framingham, MA 01702

(Address of principal executive office and zip code)

04-2896127

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

508-253-5000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock, par value $0.0006 per share

Name of each exchange on which registered

The NASDAQ Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has 
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive 
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of 
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company.  See  the  definitions  of  “large  accelerated  filer,”  “accelerated  filer,”  and  “smaller  reporting  company”  in  Rule  12b-2  of  the 
Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  No 
The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sale price of Staples’ common 
stock on July 30, 2016, as reported by NASDAQ, was approximately $6.0 billion. In determining the market value of non-affiliate voting 
stock, shares of Staples’ common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director have been excluded. This determination 
of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.
The registrant had 652,529,821 shares of common stock, par value $0.0006, outstanding as of March 7, 2017.

Listed below is the document incorporated by reference and the part of the Form 10-K into which the document is incorporated:

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

Part III

Documents Incorporated By Reference

 i PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Staples,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  (“we”,  “Staples”  or  the 
“Company”) is a world-class provider of products and services 
that  primarily  serve  the  needs  of  business  customers  of  all 
sizes.  We  are  committed  to  providing  superior  value  to  our 
customers through a broad selection of products, easy to use 
websites and mobile platforms, an integrated retail and online 
shopping experience and a wide range of print and marketing 
and  technology  services.  We  pioneered  the  office  products 
superstore  concept  by  opening  the  first  office  products 
superstore  in  Brighton,  Massachusetts  in  1986  to  serve  the 
needs of small businesses, and we currently serve businesses 
of all sizes and consumers in North America, Australia, South 
America  and  Asia.  Our  delivery  businesses  account  for  a 
majority of our sales and many of our delivery customers place 
their orders online, making Staples one of the largest internet 
resellers in the world.

Strategy

Our vision is we help businesses succeed. This reflects a multi-
year  effort  to  evolve  our  company  to  become  the  product 
and  service  destination  for  businesses  in  a  rapidly  evolving 
and  competitive  marketplace.  In  May  2016  we  introduced 
our  Staples  20/20  strategic  plan  with  four  key  priorities  to 
transform  Staples.  Our  priorities  include  accelerating  mid-
market  growth  in  North  America,  preserving  profitability  and 
rationalizing excess capacity in North American Retail stores, 
aggressively  driving  profit  improvement  and  cost  reduction 
across  the  Company,  and  narrowing  our  geographic  focus 
to  North  America.  In  conjunction  with  our  20/20  strategy, 
in  November  2016  we  completed  the  sale  of  our  retail 
business  in  the  United  Kingdom,  and  in  February  2017  we 
completed  the  sale  of  a  controlling  interest  in  our  remaining 
European  operations.  Our  combined  European  operations 
are  reported  as  discontinued  operations  in  our  consolidated 
financial statements.

We  view  the  industry  in  which  we  sell  our  products  and 
services as large, fragmented, and diversified. We reach our 
customers through contract, online, and retail sales channels. 
Our  contract  businesses  serve  mid-market  customers  with 
10 to 200 office workers, as well as larger regional customers 
and Fortune 1000 companies. Our public websites and mobile 

North American Delivery

We  operate  two  business  segments  -  North  American 
Delivery  and  North  American  Retail  -  with  our  remaining 
foreign  operations  included  in  an  Other  category.  Additional 
information regarding our operating segments is presented in 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and  Results  of  Operations  contained  in  this  Annual  Report 
on  Form  10-K,  and  financial  information  regarding  these 
segments,  and  regarding  geographic  areas,  is  provided  in 
Note O - Segment Reporting in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements  contained  in  this  Annual  Report  on 
Form 10-K. As noted in Note D — Discontinued Operations 
in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,  we 
completed  the  sale  of  a  controlling  interest  in  our  European 
operations in February 2017. 

platforms primarily target small businesses and organizations 
with up to 20 office workers. Our retail stores primarily target 
small  businesses,  home  offices  and  consumers.  Our  ability 
to  address  our  customers’  needs  expands  our  market 
opportunities and increases awareness of the Staples brand. 
Serving  customers  of  all  sizes,  and  across  product  and 
service  categories,  allows  us  to  benefit  from  a  number  of 
important economies of scale, such as enhanced efficiencies 
in  purchasing,  distribution,  advertising,  and  general  and 
administrative expenses.

furniture,  promotional  products, 

Our top priority is to continue to improve the service and value 
we  offer  customers  in  a  highly  competitive  industry.  We  will 
focus  on  building  scale  and  credibility  in  categories  beyond 
office  supplies,  including  facilities  supplies  and  breakroom 
supplies, 
technology 
products  and  services;  increasing  mid-market  penetration; 
improving conversion in stores and online; and improving the 
productivity and efficiency of our store network. Additionally, 
we are engaged in an ongoing effort to change the way we 
work and aggressively reduce costs in areas like supply chain, 
merchandising, store operations, marketing, business process 
and IT outsourcing, and customer service.

Our North American Delivery segment consists of the U.S. and 
Canadian businesses, including Staples Business Advantage, 
staples.com,  staples.ca,  and  quill.com,  that  sell  and  deliver 
products and services primarily to businesses. Our strategies 
for  North  American  Delivery  focus  on  driving  increased 
customer  acquisition,  retention  and  share  of  wallet  through 
customized  contract  offerings,  membership  programs  and 
expanding categories beyond office supplies, with a particular 
focus on the mid-market customer segment. We have merged 
our Staples Business Advantage and staples.com resources 
to allow us to better serve mid-market customers regardless 
of  their  ordering  platform,  supported  by  world-class  selling, 
digital and omni-channel capabilities. We are also focused on 
serving  our  customers  by  evolving  our  team-based  contract 

selling  model  to  be  more  unified  and  collaborative.  We  are 
driving  growth  in  categories  beyond  core  office  supplies  by 
adding specialists who have expertise in selling products like 
facilities  supplies,  breakroom  supplies,  furniture,  promotional 
products and technology products.

Staples  Business  Advantage,  our  North  American  contract 
business,  focuses  on  serving  the  needs  of  mid-market 
businesses  and  organizations  as  well  as  larger  regional 
businesses and Fortune 1000 companies. We offer full service 
account  management,  free  delivery,  customized  pricing  and 
payment  terms,  usage  reporting,  the  stocking  of  certain 
proprietary  items  and  a  wide  assortment  of  environmentally 
friendly products and services.

2  STAPLES  Form 10-K

Staples.com  and  staples.ca  are  designed  to  reach  a  variety 
of  customers,  including  small  businesses,  home  offices  and 
consumers,  offering  next  business  day  delivery  for  most 
orders in the majority of our markets. We have recently made 
significant  investments  in  talent,  technology,  and  pricing, 
while  expanding  our  assortment  to  enhance  the  customer 
experience  online.  We  have  successfully  launched  new 
desktop and mobile platforms, improved site speed, enhanced 
usability, and increased customer conversion.

Quill.com  uses  a  targeted  approach  to  serve  the  needs  of 
small  and  mid-sized  businesses  in  the  United  States.  Quill.
com has rapidly expanded its assortment in categories beyond 
office supplies to serve the evolving needs of its customers. 
To  attract  and  retain  its  customers,  quill.com  seeks  to  offer 
outstanding  customer  service,  and  builds  loyalty  through  its 
Quill brand products and special services. Quill.com also offers 
a  specialized  assortment  of  office  supplies  and  products  for 
health care professionals.

PART I

North American Retail

Our North American Retail segment includes our retail stores in 
the U.S. and Canada. Our strategy for North American Retail 
focuses on offering easy-to-shop stores with products that are 
readily available and easy to find, and courteous, helpful and 
knowledgeable  sales  associates  while  preserving  profitability 
through increased customer conversion, cost reductions and 
growing  our  services  businesses.  Our  goals  are  to  continue 
to be a destination for core office supply categories like ink, 
toner  and  paper  as  well  as  products  and  services  beyond 
office supplies, such as print and marketing services, facilities 
supplies,  breakroom  supplies  and  technology  products  and 

Other

services. Our associates are trained to deliver excellent service 
by engaging with customers, focusing on solution selling, and 
encouraging customers to shop across channels.

We operate a portfolio of retail store formats, tailored to the 
unique  characteristics  of  each  location.  Our  North  American 
Retail segment consisted of 1,255 stores in the United States 
and 304 stores in Canada at the end of fiscal 2016. In an effort 
to improve store productivity and effectively manage our cost 
structure, we closed 242 stores in 2014 and 2015 combined 
and 48 stores in 2016, and we expect to close approximately 
70 additional stores in 2017. 

In  addition  to  our  two  operating  segments,  we  have  other 
businesses in Australia, South America and Asia. The markets 
for office products and services in these countries are highly 

fragmented.  Staples  Australia  serves  primarily  contract  and 
government customers in Australia and New Zealand. We also 
have operations in China, Argentina, Taiwan and Brazil.

Merchandising and Marketing

Our objective is to be the preferred provider of virtually all those 
essential  products  and  services  that  businesses  of  all  sizes 
need to succeed. As a result, we sell a wide variety of office 
supplies,  business  technology  products,  facilities  supplies, 
breakroom  supplies,  computers  and  mobility  products,  print 
and  marketing  services  and  office  furniture.  The  Staples 
merchandising  team  constantly  reviews  and  updates  our 
product  assortment  and  services  offering  to  respond  to 
changing customer needs and to maximize the performance 
of key categories. One of our top priorities is to continue to 
expand  our  product  and  services  offering  beyond  office 
supplies. Over the past few years, we have had considerable 
success driving growth in relevant categories such as facilities 
supplies and breakroom supplies.

national brands. Our own brand strategy is based on offering 
a  portfolio  of  products  that  meet  customers’  needs  across 
a  broad  variety  of  product  categories  and  price  points.  The 
largest portion of our own brand portfolio focuses on offering 
national brand quality at lower prices. We have also developed 
a  selection  of  opening  price  point  products  for  more  price 
conscious customers, and a number of unique and innovative 
own brand products to help further differentiate Staples in the 
marketplace. Our sourcing office in Shenzhen, China supports 
our  own  brand  strategy  by  driving  higher  quality  and  lower 
costs,  and  by  enabling  Staples  to  bring  new  products  to 
market  more  quickly.  In  addition  to  our  proprietary  branded 
products,  we  also  differentiate  our  core  product  offering 
through exclusive third-party relationships.

The merchandising team uses integrated systems to perform 
the  vast  majority  of  our  merchandise  planning  and  product 
purchasing. Some of our business units, particularly quill.com 
and our Canadian operations, leverage our global buying and 
merchandising staff along with local staff to meet their specific 
buying  and  merchandising  needs.  We  purchase  products 
from thousands of vendors around the world and we believe 
that  competitive  sources  of  supply  are  available  to  us  for 
substantially all of the products we carry.

In addition to products, we also offer a broad array of services, 
which  represented  9%  of  our  sales  in  2016.  This  includes 
print and marketing services that we provide to our retail and 
delivery  customers,  as  well  as  technology  services  that  we 
provide in North American Stores and on our public websites 
and mobile platforms. As with the markets for our products, 
the  market  for  these  services  is  highly  fragmented,  and  we 
believe we have a significant opportunity to offer these services 
to existing customers and acquire new customers.

Our  own  brand  offering  includes  Staples,  Quill  and  other 
proprietary branded products which in aggregate represented 
approximately  29%  of  our  sales  in  2016.  We  offer  more 
than 10,000 own brand products and services, including an 
assortment  of  products  with  various  environmentally  friendly 
attributes, which we sell under the “Sustainable Earth” brand 
label.  Staples  own  brand  products  deliver  genuine  value  to 
our  customers  with  prices  that  are  at  least  10%  lower  than 
the national brand yet are of a comparable quality. We realize 
higher  gross  margins  for  our  own  brand  products  than  for 

See  Note  O  -  Segment  Reporting  in  the  Notes  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our sales 
by each major category.

Our  “Make  More  Happen”  brand  campaign  utilizes  the  full 
spectrum  of  digital  and  traditional  marketing  vehicles  to 
drive  brand  awareness,  establish  relevancy  and  increase 
consideration,  contributing  significantly  to  our  sales  among 
current  customers  and  to  our  new  customer  acquisition 
efforts.  These  vehicles  include  digital  display,  paid  search, 

  STAPLES  3 

PART I

email, television, radio, newspaper circulars, direct mail, public 
relations  and  social  media.  In  addition,  we  market  to  larger 
customers through a combination of inside and outside sales 
force supported with selling aids and digitally-driven marketing 
qualified leads. We change the level of marketing spend, as 
well as the mix of media employed, depending upon market, 
customer value, seasonal focus, and other cost factors. This 

flexible  approach  helps  us  to  optimize  the  effectiveness  and 
efficiency  of  our  marketing  expenditures.  We  continue  to 
improve our systems and capabilities to track our customers’ 
multi-channel  purchasing  behaviors,  execute  more  effective 
personalized  and  dynamic  offers,  and  promote  enhanced 
direct marketing and customer loyalty programs to drive higher 
sales across all our channels.

Supply Chain

We operate two networks to fulfill the majority of our customer 
delivery and store replenishment needs in North America. Our 
network of 50 delivery fulfillment centers supports our North 
American Delivery operations. We currently fulfill the majority 
of customers’ orders through this distribution network, which 
provides for next day delivery coverage to more than 95% of 
the North American population. We rely on our vendor partners 
to  fulfill  orders  and  deliver  products  to  our  customers  from 
our expanded assortment that is not stocked in our delivery 
fulfillment centers.

Competition

We  operate  a  separate  network  of  four  large  distribution 
centers  to  support  the  majority  of  replenishment  demand 
from  our  U.S.  retail  store  operations.  Our  retail  distribution 
centers  provide  us  with  significant  labor  and  merchandise 
cost savings by centralizing receiving and handling functions, 
and  by  enabling  us  to  purchase  in  full  truckloads  and 
other  economically  efficient  quantities  from  suppliers.  Our 
centralized  purchasing  and  distribution  systems  enable  our 
store associates to spend more time on customer service and 
presentation. Since our distribution centers maintain backup 
inventory,  our  in-store  inventory  requirements  are  reduced, 
allowing us to more efficiently operate our retail stores.

As  we  focus  on  accelerating  growth  in  Staples  Business 
Advantage, we are competing against a growing and diverse 
set of competitors, including other office supplies distributors, 
wholesalers,  networks  of  regional  suppliers,  managed  print 
service companies, contract stationers, electronic commerce 
distributors,  regional  and  local  dealers,  direct  manufacturers 
of  the  products  we  distribute,  and  companies  focused  on 
adjacent categories such as maintenance, repair and operation 
providers.  We  also  compete  with  online  retailers  such  as 
Amazon.com, mass merchants such as Walmart and Target, 
warehouse clubs such as Costco, computer and electronics 
retail  stores  such  as  Best  Buy,  specialty  technology  stores 
such as Apple, print and marketing businesses such as FedEx 
Office, and a wide range of other retailers, including grocery 
stores,  drug  stores,  discount  retailers,  and  traditional  office 

supply retail stores. Many of our competitors have increased 
their presence in our core product areas in recent years, and 
we expect this trend to continue going forward.

We  believe  we  are  able  to  compete  favorably  against  our 
competitors  because  of  the  following  factors:  our  focus 
on  business  customers;  our  management  team’s  ability  to 
respond  to  the  dynamic  markets  in  which  we  operate  and 
the changing needs of our customers; courteous, helpful and 
knowledgeable associates focused on making shopping easy 
for customers; a wide assortment of products and services, on 
our websites and in our stores; easy to use websites and mobile 
platforms; reliability and speed of order shipment; convenient 
store locations; hassle-free returns and competitive prices.

Trademarks, Patents, Copyrights and Domain Names

We own or have applied to register numerous trademarks and 
service marks in the United States and throughout the world in 
connection with our businesses. Some of our principal global 
and regional marks include Staples, the Staples red brick logo, 
“Make More Happen”, Staples the Office Superstore, the Easy 
Button logo, “that was easy,” Quill.com, Corporate Express and 
many other marks incorporating “Staples” or another primary 
mark,  which  in  the  aggregate  we  consider  to  be  of  material 
importance to our business. While the duration of trademark 
registrations  varies  from  country  to  country,  trademarks  are 
generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely so long as they 
are in use and their registrations are properly maintained.

In  connection  with  the  sale  of  a  controlling  interest  in  our 
European  operations,  we  granted  the  divested  business 
(excluding our former retail business in the United Kingdom) 
an  exclusive,  perpetual,  royalty-free  license  to  use  certain 
intellectual property, including the Staples trade name, in the 
relevant territory.

We own and maintain a number of products, systems, business 
processes and designs, many of which have been patented. 
We also own copyrights for works such as packaging, training 
materials,  promotional  materials,  computer  software,  in-
store graphics, website and multi-media content. In addition, 
we  have  registered  and  maintain  numerous  internet  domain 
names, including many that incorporate “Staples.”

Available Information

We maintain a web site with the address www.staples.com. 
We  are  not  including  the  information  contained  on  our  web 
site  as  a  part  of,  or  incorporating  it  by  reference  into,  this 
Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  We  make  available  free  of 
charge  through  our  web  site  our  Annual  Reports  on  Form 
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports 
on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, as soon as 

4  STAPLES  Form 10-K

reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material 
with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”).

We were organized in 1985 and are incorporated in Delaware. 
As  of  January  28,  2017,  Staples  employed  45,565  full-time 
and  31,875  part-time  associates  (includes  both  continuing 
and discontinued operations).

PART I

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Our executive officers, their respective ages and positions as of 
March 9, 2017 and a description of their business experience 
are set forth below. There are no family relationships among 
any of our executive officers and directors.

Mark Conte, age 51

Mr.  Conte  has  served  as  Staples’  Senior  Vice  President 
and  Corporate  Controller  since  June  2015.  Prior  to  joining 
Staples, Mr. Conte served as Chief Financial Officer of Hanson 
Building  Products  Limited,  a  multinational  manufacturer  of 
concrete pipe, pressure pipe and light building products, since 
June 2014, and also served as its Principal Accounting Officer. 
Mr. Conte served as Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting 
Officer of Lehigh Hanson North America - HeidelbergCement 
Group which had acquired Hanson. Mr. Conte joined Hanson 
North America - Hanson PLC in July 2000 as the Corporate 
Controller,  and  in  2007  he  assumed  responsibility  of  the 
Operations Controller for the Materials business.

Joseph G. Doody, age 64

served  as  Vice  Chairman 

Mr.  Doody  has 
since 
February  2014.  Prior  to  that  he  served  as  President—North 
American  Commercial  from  January  2013  to  January  2014. 
Previously,  Mr.  Doody  served  as  President—Staples  North 
American  Delivery  since  March  2002.  Prior  to  that,  he 
served  as  President—Staples  Contract  &  Commercial  from 
November 1998, when he first joined Staples.

Shira Goodman, age 56

Ms. Goodman has served as President and Chief Executive 
Officer since September 2016, as President and interim Chief 
Executive  Officer  from  June  2016  to  September  2016,  and 
as President, North American Operations from January 2016 
to  June  2016.  Previously,  she  served  as  President,  North 
American  Commercial  since  February  2014,  Executive  Vice 
President  of  Global  Growth  since  February  2012,  Executive 
Vice President of Human Resources since March 2009, and 
Executive Vice President of Marketing since May 2001. Prior 
to that, she served in various capacities since joining Staples 
in  1992,  including  Senior  Vice  President  of  Staples  Direct, 
Senior Vice President of Brand Marketing, and Vice President 
of Contract & Commercial.

Jeffrey Hall, age 50

Mr. Hall has served as Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative 
Officer since January 2017. Prior to joining Staples, he served 
as  Executive  Vice  President  Finance  &  Administration  and 
Chief Financial Officer of SunEdison Semiconductor Limited, 
a global leader in the manufacture and sale of silicon wafers to 
the semiconductor industry, since December 2013. Previously, 
Mr.  Hall  served  as  the  Executive  Vice  President  and  Chief 
Financial  Officer  for  Express  Scripts  Holding  Company,  an 

integrated  pharmacy  benefit  management  services  provider, 
from 2008 to 2013. Prior to joining Express Scripts, Mr. Hall 
was  with  KLA-Tencor  Corporation,  a  provider  of  process 
control and yield management solutions, since 2000 in various 
leadership positions with increasing roles and responsibilities, 
including serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer from 2006 to 2008.

Christine T. Komola, age 49

Ms. Komola has served as Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial  Officer  since  March  2013.  Prior  to  that  she  served 
as  Senior  Vice  President  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  from 
February 2012 to March 2013, and Senior Vice President and 
Corporate  Controller  from  July  2004  to  January  2012.  She 
also served as the Senior Vice President, General Merchandise 
Manager for furniture from January 2002 to July 2004. She has 
also held other roles within Staples since joining in April 1997, 
including  Assistant  Controller,  Vice  President  of  Planning, 
Margin and Control and Chief Financial Officer of Staples.com.

Steven Matyas, age 63

Mr.  Matyas  has  served  as  President,  North  American  Retail 
since  June  2016,  and  as  President  of  Staples  Canada  from 
July 2000 to May 2016. He also served as Senior Vice President, 
Sales and Operations of Staples Canada from August 1994 to 
July 2000, and Vice President, Sales, Operations and Human 
Resources of The Business Depot, Ltd. from March 1991 until 
its acquisition by Staples in 1994.

Neil Ringel, age 52

Mr. Ringel has served as President, North American Delivery 
since  January  2017,  as  Executive  Vice  President,  Staples 
Business  Advantage  from  October  2012  to  January  2017, 
and  as  Senior  Vice  President,  Staples  Business  Advantage 
from June 2006 to October 2012. He has also held other roles 
within  Staples  since  joining  in  January  1995,  including  Vice 
President of Sales - East, Regional Vice President - Sales, and 
Vice President - SBA Operations.

Michael Williams, age 63

Mr. Williams has served as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
since  January  2017,  Executive  Vice  President,  General 
Counsel and Secretary from December 2014 to January 2017, 
and previously as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary  from  November  2012  to  December  2014.  Prior 
to  joining  Staples,  Mr.  Williams  served  as  Executive  Vice 
President, General Counsel and Secretary of Sony Electronics, 
Inc.,  a  consumer  electronics  company,  from  March  2004  to 
October 2012 with responsibility for legal operations of several 
professional and consumer electronics companies in the U.S., 
Central America and South America.

  STAPLES  5 

PART I

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and,  in  particular,  the 
description  of  our  Business  set  forth  in  Item  1  and  our 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations set forth in Appendix B (“MD&A”) 
contain or incorporate a number of forward-looking statements 
within  the  meaning  of  Section  27A  of  the  Securities  Act  of 
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
(“the Exchange Act”).

Any statements contained in or incorporated by reference into 
this  report  that  are  not  statements  of  historical  fact  should 
be  considered  forward-looking  statements.  You  can  identify 
these  forward-looking  statements  by  use  of  the  words  like 
“believes,”  “expects,”  “anticipates,”  “plans,”  “may,”  “will,” 
“would,” “intends,” “estimates” and other similar expressions, 
whether in the negative or affirmative. These forward-looking 
statements  are  based  on  current  expectations,  estimates, 

forecasts  and  projections  about  the  industry  and  markets  in 
which we operate and management’s beliefs and assumptions 
and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our  MD&A,  our 
consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated 
financial  statements  included  in  Appendix  C.  We  cannot 
guarantee  that  we  actually  will  achieve  the  plans,  intentions 
or  expectations  disclosed  in  the  forward-looking  statements 
made. There are a number of important risks and uncertainties 
that  could  cause  our  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from 
those  indicated  by  such  forward-looking  statements.  These 
risks  and  uncertainties  include,  without  limitation,  those  set 
forth below under the heading “Risk Factors” as well as risks 
that emerge from time to time that are not possible for us to 
predict. Forward-looking statements, like all statements in this 
report, speak only as of the date of this report (unless another 
earlier date is indicated). We disclaim any obligation to update 
publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Risks Related to the Business

If we fail to meet the changing needs of our customers 
our  business  and  financial  performance  could  be 
adversely affected.

We are currently engaged in a multi-year effort to evolve our 
business to meet the changing needs of business customers. 
One  of  our  top  priorities  is  to  expand  our  product  and 
service  offerings  beyond  traditional  core  office  supplies,  a 
category  that  is  declining.  Over  the  past  few  years  we  have 
had  success  driving  growth  in  adjacent  product  categories, 
such as facilities supplies, breakroom supplies, and print and 
marketing  services.  Our  success  is  dependent  on  providing 
our customers the selection of products, as well as services, 
at  competitive  prices  that  meet  customers’  changing  needs 
and purchasing habits. If we misjudge either the demand for 
products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing 
habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories 
of  some  products  or  missed  opportunities  for  products  and 
services we do not offer. Failure to provide the products and 
services  preferred  by  our  customers  could  have  a  material 
adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and ability 
to attract and retain customers.

We  face  uncertainties  transforming  our  business, 
and  our 
implement  our 
strategies  could  adversely  affect  our  business  and 
financial performance.

inability  to  successfully 

divestiture  of  our  European  operations.  We  plan  to  close 
approximately  70  North  American  retail  stores  in  2017  in 
connection with our 20/20 strategy. Charges will be required 
as a result of implementing our plans, and additional charges 
may be required if we adopt new strategies for the future. The 
success of our plans is subject to both the risks affecting our 
business generally and the inherent difficulty associated with 
implementing our new strategies, and is also dependent on the 
skills, experience, and efforts of our management and other 
associates and our success with third parties. To the extent 
we  pursue  acquisitions  or  other  operational  and  strategic 
opportunities,  our  success  will  depend  on  selecting  the 
appropriate targets or partners, completing integration efforts 
quickly  and  effectively  and  realizing  any  expected  synergies 
and  cost  savings.  To  the  extent  we  make  investments  in 
our  business,  such  as  investments  to  accelerate  growth  in 
our  mid-market  contract  business,  these  investments  may 
not  generate  incremental  revenue  or  increase  profitability 
in  proportion  to  their  cost,  or  at  all.  There  is  no  assurance 
that  we  will  be  able  to  successfully  implement  our  strategic 
initiatives or that the implementation of changes will result in 
the benefits or costs savings at the levels that we anticipate or 
at all, which may result in an adverse impact on our business 
and financial statements.

We operate in a highly competitive market and we may 
not be able to continue to compete successfully.

As  part  of  our  continuing  efforts  to  transform  our  business, 
in  2016  we  announced  our  20/20  business  strategy  with 
four  priorities:  (i)  accelerating  growth  in  the  mid-market  in 
North  America,  including  through  acquisitions;  (ii)  preserving 
profitability  in  North  American  stores;  (iii)  taking  aggressive 
action  to  drive  profit  improvement  and  reduce  costs  across 
the  organization,  including  a  plan  to  generate  approximately 
$300 million of annualized pre-tax cost savings by the end of 
2018,  primarily  through  reducing  product  costs,  optimizing 
promotions,  increasing  the  mix  of  own-brand  products 
and  reducing  operating  expenses;  and  (iv)  narrowing  our 
geographic  focus  to  North  America,  including  through  the 

As  we  expand  our  assortment  of  products  and  services  we 
compete  against  a  growing  and  diverse  set  of  competitors, 
including  other  office  supplies  distributors,  wholesalers, 
networks  of  regional  suppliers,  managed  print  service 
companies,  contract  stationers,  electronic  commerce 
distributors,  regional  and  local  dealers,  direct  manufacturers 
of  the  products  we  distribute,  and  companies  focused 
on  adjacent  categories  such  as  maintenance,  repair  and 
operation  providers.  We  also  compete  with  online  retailers 
such  as  Amazon.com,  mass  merchants  such  as  Walmart 
and Target, warehouse clubs such as Costco, computer and 
electronics retail stores such as Best Buy, specialty technology 

6  STAPLES  Form 10-K

stores  such  as  Apple,  print  and  marketing  businesses  such 
as FedEx Office, and a wide range of other retailers, including 
grocery stores, drug stores, discount retailers, and traditional 
office  supply  retail  stores.  Many  of  our  competitors  have 
increased  their  presence  in  our  historic  core  product  areas 
in  recent  years,  for  example  by  expanding  their  assortment 
of office products and services, opening new stores near our 
existing stores, and offering direct delivery of office products, 
and we expect this trend to continue going forward. Intense 
competitive  pressures  from  one  or  more  of  our  competitors 
could affect prices or demand for our products and services. 
If we are unable to appropriately respond to these competitive 
pressures, or offer the appropriate mix of products and services 
at  competitive  prices,  our  financial  performance  and  market 
share could be adversely affected. Some of our current and 
potential competitors are larger than we are, may have more 
experience in selling certain products or delivering services or 
may have substantially greater financial resources.

Macroeconomic  conditions  could  adversely  affect  our 
business and financial performance.

As  a  world-class  provider  of  products  and  services  that 
operates globally to serve the needs of business customers and 
consumers,  our  operating  results  and  performance  depend 
significantly  on  North  American  and  worldwide  economic 
conditions  and  their  impact  on  business  and  consumer 
spending. Increases in the levels of unemployment, particularly 
white  collar  unemployment,  energy  and  commodity  costs, 
health care costs, higher interest rates and taxes, tighter credit 
markets,  reduced  consumer  credit  availability,  fluctuation  in 
the  financial  markets,  lower  consumer  confidence,  lack  of 
small  business  formation  and  other  factors  could  result  in  a 
decline in business and consumer spending. Our business and 
financial performance may continue to be adversely affected, 
and  our  ability  to  generate  cash  flow  may  be  negatively 
impacted, by current and future economic conditions if there 
is a renewed decline in business and consumer spending or if 
such spending remains stagnant.

Compromises  of  our 
systems  or 
unauthorized  access  to  confidential  information  or 
personal information may materially harm our business 
or damage our reputation.

information 

Through our sales and marketing activities and our business 
operations, we collect and store confidential information and 
certain personal information from our customers, end users of 
our services, vendors, business partners and associates. For 
example,  we  handle,  collect  and  store  personal  information 
in  connection  with  our  customers  purchasing  products  or 
services,  enrolling  in  our  promotional  or  rewards  programs, 
registering  on  our  web  site  or  otherwise  communicating  or 
interacting with us. We also accept payments using a variety 
of  methods,  including  debit  and  credit  cards,  gift  cards, 
electronic transfer of funds, and others. We rely on third parties 
to  provide  payment  processing  services  or  make  certain 
payments on our behalf. In addition, in the normal course of 
business,  we  gather  and  retain  personal  information  about 
our associates and generate and have access to confidential 
business information. We may share confidential and personal 
information with vendors or other third parties in connection 
with processing of transactions, operating certain aspects of 
our  business  or  for  marketing  purposes.  Although  we  have 
taken steps designed to safeguard such information, there can 
be no assurance that such information will be protected against 
loss  or  unauthorized  access,  acquisition,  use  or  disclosure. 
For  example,  computer  hackers  may  penetrate  our  or  our 

PART I

vendors’  network  security  and,  if  successful,  misappropriate 
such  information  or  interfere  with  our  ability  to  access  such 
information.  A  Staples  associate,  contractor  or  other  third-
party  with  whom  we  do  business  may  misuse  confidential 
or  personal  information  to  which  they  have  access;  attempt 
to  circumvent  our  security  measures;  or  inadvertently  cause 
a  breach  involving  such  information.  Additionally,  methods 
to  obtain  unauthorized  access  to  confidential  information 
change frequently, are increasingly sophisticated and may be 
difficult  to  detect  or  remediate,  which  can  impact  our  ability 
to  respond  appropriately.  We  could  be  subject  to  liability  for 
failure  to  comply  with  privacy  and  information  security  laws, 
for failing to protect personal information, for failing to respond 
appropriately, or for misusing personal information, such as use 
of  such  information  for  an  unauthorized  marketing  purpose. 
Loss,  interference  with  our  ability  to  access,  unauthorized 
access  to,  or  misuse  of  confidential  or  personal  information 
could  disrupt  our  operations,  damage  our  reputation,  and 
expose  us  to  claims  from  customers,  financial  institutions, 
regulators, payment card associations, employees and other 
persons,  any  of  which  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have investigated, with the assistance of outside experts, 
a  data  security  incident  involving  unauthorized  access  into 
the  computer  systems  of  PNI  Digital  Media  Ltd  (“PNI”),  a 
subsidiary we acquired in July 2014. PNI, which is based in 
Vancouver,  British  Columbia,  provides  a  software  platform 
that  enables  retailers  to  sell  personalized  products  such 
as  photo  prints,  photo  books,  calendars,  business  cards, 
stationery and other similar products. PNI’s customers include 
a number of major third party retailers, as well as our affiliates. 
The  investigation  determined  that  an  unauthorized  party 
entered  PNI’s  systems  and  was  able  to  deploy  on  some  of 
PNI’s  servers  supporting  its  customers,  malware  designed 
to  capture  data  that  end  users  input  on  the  photosites. 
Some  of  PNI’s  affected  customers  have  notified  certain  of 
their users of a potential compromise of the users’ payment 
card information and/or other personal information. PNI took 
prompt  steps  to  contain  the  incident,  including  disabling 
the  retailer  photosites,  or  online  payment  transactions,  for  a 
period while the incident was being investigated, and to further 
enhance the security of its retailer customers’ data. To date the 
Company  has  incurred  incremental  expenses  of  $18  million 
related to the incident. Additional losses and expenses relating 
to  the  incident  are  probable;  however,  at  this  stage,  we  do 
not  have  sufficient  information  to  reasonably  estimate  such 
losses  and  expenses.  The  types  of  losses  and  expenses 
that  may  result  from  the  incident  include,  without  limitation: 
claims  by  PNI’s  retailer  customers,  including  indemnification 
claims for losses and damages incurred by them; claims by 
end-users  of  PNI’s  services,  including  class  action  lawsuits 
that have been filed, and further class action lawsuits that may 
be filed, in Canada and the United States; investigations and 
claims  by  various  regulatory  authorities  in  Canada  and  the 
United States; the costs of completing our investigation of the 
incident; remediation costs; and legal fees. We will continue 
to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record 
an estimate for losses or expenses at the time or times when 
it  is  both  probable  that  any  loss  has  been  incurred  and  the 
amount  of  such  loss  is  reasonably  estimable.  Such  losses 
may  be  material  to  our  results  of  operations  and  financial 
condition. We maintain network-security insurance coverage, 
which we expect would help mitigate the financial impact of 
the incident. The incident has resulted in a loss of business for 
PNI and may result in further reputational and other harm to us 
going forward.

  STAPLES  7 

PART I

Problems in our information systems and technologies 
may disrupt our operations.

We rely heavily on various information systems and technology 
to sell and deliver our products and services and operate our 
business,  including  systems  to  track  inventory,  to  process 
and record transactions, to generate financial reports and to 
communicate  with  our  associates,  vendors  and  customers. 
As  we  continue  to  accelerate  our  growth  online,  our  ability 
to  attract  and  retain  customers,  compete  and  operate 
effectively is dependent on a consistent, secure and easy to 
use  technology  infrastructure  with  uninterrupted  availability 
and reliable back-up systems. Any disruption to the internet 
or  our  technology  infrastructure,  including  a  disruption  or 
incident  affecting  our  web  sites  and  information  systems, 
including without limitation a denial of service or ransomware 
attack,  may  cause  a  decline  in  our  customer  satisfaction, 
jeopardize  accurate  financial  reporting,  impact  our  sales 
volumes  or  result  in  increased  costs.  Hardware,  software  or 
applications  we  develop  or  procure  from  third  parties  may 
contain  defects  in  design  or  manufacture  or  other  problems 
that could unexpectedly disrupt our operations or compromise 
our  information  security.  Although  we  continue  to  invest  in 
our technology, if we are unable to continually add software 
and  hardware,  effectively  manage  or  upgrade  our  systems 
and  network  infrastructure,  and  develop  effective  system 
availability,  disaster  recovery  plans  and  protection  solutions, 
our business could be disrupted thus subjecting us to liability 
and potentially harming our reputation.

In addition, we periodically make modifications and upgrades 
to  our 
information  systems  and  technology.  Some  of 
our  information  systems  are  outsourced  to  third  parties. 
Modifications involve replacing legacy systems with successor 
systems, making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new 
systems with new functionality. Although we make a diligent 
effort  to  ensure  that  all  providers  of  outsourced  services 
observe  proper  internal  control  practices  and  procedures, 
we cannot assure that failures will not occur. We are aware of 
inherent risks associated with replacing our systems, including 
accurately capturing data, system disruptions and outsourcing 
to  third  parties.  Information  technology  system  disruptions, 
if  not  anticipated  and  appropriately  mitigated,  could  have  a 
material adverse effect on our operations.

We may be unable to attract, train, engage and retain 
qualified associates.

Our  customers  across  all  channels  value  courteous  and 
knowledgeable  associates.  Accordingly,  our  performance 
depends on attracting, training, engaging and retaining a large 
number  of  qualified  associates,  as  well  as  business  leaders 
and other key technology, sales, supply chain, marketing and 
support personnel. We face intense competition for qualified 
associates and other key employees, particularly in tight labor 
markets  or  in  specialized  areas  of  technical  expertise.  Many 
of our associates, particularly in retail stores, are in entry-level 
or part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. 
Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our labor 
costs  is  subject  to  numerous  external  factors,  including  the 
availability  of  a  sufficient  number  of  qualified  persons  in  the 
workforce,  unemployment  levels,  prevailing  wage  rates, 
changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, the 
attractiveness  of  our  incentive  compensation  plans,  and  the 
cost of compliance with labor and wage laws and regulations. 
We have experienced reductions in force in connection with 
our  restructuring  activity,  which  may  lead  to  lower  associate 
engagement,  gaps  in  experience  and  knowledge,  and  a 
higher  likelihood  that  remaining  associates  terminate  their 

employment.  If  we  are  unable  to  attract,  train,  engage  and 
retain  a  sufficient  number  of  qualified  associates  and  key 
employees,  our  business  and  financial  performance  may  be 
adversely affected.

Our  quarterly  operating 
significant fluctuation.

results  are  subject 

to 

Our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter 
in  the  past,  and  we  expect  that  they  will  continue  to  do  so 
in  the  future.  Historically,  sales  and  profitability  are  generally 
stronger in the second half of our fiscal year than the first half 
of  our  fiscal  year  due  in  part  to  back-to-school  and  back-
to-business  seasons.  Factors  that  could  also  cause  these 
quarterly fluctuations include: the mix of products sold; pricing 
actions of competitors; the level of advertising and promotional 
expenses;  the  expense  and  outcome  of  legal  proceedings; 
severe  weather;  consumer  confidence;  and  the  other  risk 
factors  described  in  this  section.  Most  of  our  operating 
expenses, such as occupancy costs and associate salaries, 
do not vary directly with the amount of sales and are difficult 
to adjust in the short term. As a result, if sales in a particular 
quarter  are  below  expectations,  we  may  not  proportionately 
reduce operating expenses for that quarter, and therefore such 
a sales shortfall may have a disproportionate effect on our net 
income for the quarter.

The  divestiture  of  our  European  operations  could 
harm  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results 
of operations.

On February 27, 2017, we completed the sale of our European 
operations to a third party buyer as part of our 20/20 business 
strategy. Following the divestiture of our European operations, 
we will be a smaller, less diversified company with a narrower 
business focus and restricted from operating in Europe, and 
we  may  be  more  vulnerable  to  changing  market  conditions, 
which could materially adversely affect our business, results of 
operations  and  financial  condition.  We  have  licensed  certain 
Staples  trademarks  and  other  intellectual  property  to  the 
divested business, and the actions of the divested business, 
including  misuse  of  the  intellectual  property,  could  harm  our 
brand and reputation. We may also incur losses as a result of 
indemnification obligations, challenges in separating business 
operations and in servicing or retaining joint global customers, 
the provision of transition services, and our continuing minority 
ownership; in each case related to the divested operations.

Our international operations expose us to risks inherent 
in foreign operations.

Although  we  have  divested  our  European  operations,  we 
continue  to  operate  in  countries  outside  the  United  States. 
In certain international market segments, we may not benefit 
from  any  first-to-market  advantages  or  otherwise  succeed. 
Cultural differences abroad and local practices of conducting 
business  may  conflict  with  our  own  business  practices  and 
ethics standards. Ensuring compliance with foreign and U.S. 
laws and our own policies may require that we implement new 
operational systems and financial controls, conduct audits or 
internal investigations, train our associates and third parties on 
our existing compliance methods, and take other actions, all of 
which may be expensive, divert management’s time and impact 
our  operations.  There  are  also  different  employee/employer 
relationships that may delay or impact the implementation of 
some  of  these  operational  systems.  In  addition,  differences 
in business practices in our international markets may cause 
customers  to  be  less  receptive  to  our  business  model  than 
we expect.

8  STAPLES  Form 10-K

Risks inherent in international operations also include, among 
others,  the  costs  and  difficulties  of  managing  international 
operations,  adverse  tax  consequences  and  greater  difficulty 
in enforcing intellectual property rights. Other factors that may 
also have an adverse impact on our international operations 
include limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds, 
foreign  currency  exchange  restrictions,  complex  import  and 
export  schemes,  increased  local  competition,  our  lack  of 
familiarity with local customer preferences, unfavorable foreign 
trade policies, unstable political or economic conditions, and 
geopolitical events, including war and terrorism.

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate.

We  are  a  multi-national,  multi-channel  provider  of  products 
and services. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from 
a combination of applicable tax rates in the various countries, 
states  and  other  jurisdictions  in  which  we  operate.  Our 
effective  tax  rate  may  be  lower  or  higher  than  our  tax  rates 
have been in the past due to numerous factors, including the 
sources  of  our  income,  any  agreements  we  may  have  with 
taxing authorities in various jurisdictions, changes in the laws 
and the tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions. In 
addition, our effective tax rate may fluctuate quarterly, and the 
resulting tax rate may be negative or unusually high as a result 
of significant charges in a quarter that are not tax deductible, 
such  as  goodwill  and  long-lived  asset  impairment.  We  base 
our  estimate  of  our  effective  tax  rate  at  any  given  point  in 
time upon a calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our 
company  and  to  estimates  of  the  amount  of  business  likely 
to be done in any given jurisdiction. The loss of one or more 
agreements  with  taxing  jurisdictions,  a  change  in  the  mix  of 
our business from year to year and from country to country, 
changes  in  rules  related  to  accounting  for  income  taxes, 
adverse outcomes from tax audits that we may be subject to 
in  any  of  the  jurisdictions  in  which  we  operate,  or  changes 
in  domestic  tax  policy  or  tax  laws  in  any  of  the  multiple 
jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable 
change in our effective tax rate which could have an adverse 
effect on our business and results of operations.

Fluctuations  in  foreign  exchange  rates  could  lead  to 
lower earnings.

Sales  from  our  delivery  operations  and  stores  outside  the 
U.S. are denominated in the currency of the country in which 
these operations or stores are located and changes in foreign 
exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings 
of  these  businesses  into  U.S.  dollars  for  financial  reporting 
purposes.  Additionally,  merchandising  agreements  may  also 
be  denominated  in  the  currency  of  the  country  where  the 
vendor resides. Although we attempt to mitigate such risks by 
sometimes entering into foreign exchange hedges or utilizing 
risk  management  strategies,  such  hedges  and  strategies 
themselves  present  some  risk  and  thus  may  not  be  entirely 
successful in mitigating the risk.

Our indebtedness could adversely affect us by reducing 
our  flexibility  to  respond  to  changing  business  and 
economic conditions.

As  of  January  28,  2017   our  consolidated  outstanding  debt 
was  $1.0  billion  and  we  also  had  $1.1  billion  of  additional 
borrowing  capacity  under  our  commercial  paper  program, 
revolving  credit  facility  and  other  lines  of  credit.  We  are  not 
restricted  from  incurring  substantial  additional  indebtedness 
in  the  future.  Incurring  substantial  indebtedness  in  the 
future  could  reduce  our  ability  to  obtain  additional  financing 
for  working  capital,  capital  expenditures,  acquisitions,  and 

PART I

other  general  corporate  purposes  and  could  make  us  more 
vulnerable to economic downturns and economic pressures. 
Our level of indebtedness may also place us at a competitive 
disadvantage against less leveraged competitors. If we default 
or  breach  our  obligations,  we  could  be  required  to  pay  a 
higher rate of interest or lenders could require us to accelerate 
our repayment obligations. If we were to experience a credit 
rating  downgrade  in  future  periods,  we  may  incur  higher 
interest costs on future financings and it may limit our ability to 
participate in the commercial paper market.

Our expanded offering of proprietary branded products 
and services may not improve our financial performance 
and  may  expose  us  to  intellectual  property  liability, 
product  liability,  import/export  liability,  government 
investigations  and  claims,  and  other  risks  associated 
with global sourcing.

Our  product  offering  includes  Staples,  Quill  and  other 
proprietary branded products and services, which represented 
approximately  29%  of  our  sales  in  fiscal  2016  and  which 
typically generate higher margins than national brand products 
and services. Our proprietary branded products compete with 
other manufacturers’ branded items that we offer. An increase 
in our proprietary branded products and services also exposes 
us to added risks that could increase the cost of doing business, 
such  as  third  party  intellectual  property  infringement,  false 
advertising, and product liability claims against us with respect 
to such products and services; increased tariffs on goods we 
import, particularly in light of current uncertainty with respect 
to U.S. trade policy; and import and export compliance issues. 
Furthermore,  although  we  have  implemented  policies  and 
procedures  designed  to  facilitate  compliance  with  laws  and 
regulations relating to importing and exporting merchandise, 
there can be no assurance that contractors, agents, vendors, 
manufacturers or other third parties with whom we do business 
will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which 
could  subject  us  to  liability  and  could  adversely  affect  our 
operations or operating results. We also have greater exposure 
and responsibility to the consumer for replacements as a result 
of  product  defects.  If  any  of  our  customers  are  harmed  by 
our proprietary branded products or services, they may bring 
product liability and other claims against us or we may have to 
issue voluntary or mandatory recalls.

The more proprietary branded products and services we offer, 
the more these risks increase. A loss of consumer acceptance 
of  these  products  could  also  adversely  affect  our  sales  and 
gross margin rates. Any of these circumstances could damage 
our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business and 
financial performance.

Our business may be adversely affected by the actions 
of and risks associated with third-parties.

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of third-
party vendors and as we expand our assortment we rely on 
third parties to fulfill our customer orders and deliver products 
directly to our customers. In general, we do not have long-term 
contracts  with  our  vendors  or  third  parties  committing  them 
to provide products to us on acceptable terms. For example, 
we  derive  benefits  from  vendor  allowances  and  promotional 
incentives  which  may  not  be  offered  in  the  future.  We  also 
cannot  control  the  supply,  design,  function  or  cost  of  many 
of the products that we offer for sale. Some of the products 
we offer are supplied to us on an exclusive basis and may be 
difficult to replace in a timely manner. Additionally, third parties 
may not live up to the delivery promises they have made to 
our  customers.  Disruptions  in  the  availability  of  products  or 

  STAPLES  9 

PART I

services  purchased  through  third  parties,  or  quality  issues 
that  cause  us  to  initiate  voluntary  or  mandatory  recalls  for 
products we sell on an exclusive basis, may result in customer 
dissatisfaction,  damage  our  reputation  and  adversely  affect 
our sales.

Global  sourcing  of  many  of  the  products  we  sell  is  an 
important factor in our financial performance. Our ability to find 
qualified vendors and access products in a timely and efficient 
manner  is  a  significant  challenge,  especially  with  respect  to 
goods sourced outside the United States. Political instability, 
the  financial  instability  of  suppliers,  trade  restrictions,  tariffs, 
foreign currency exchange rates, transport capacity and costs, 
inflation and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond 
our  control.  We  also  rely  upon  many  independent  service 
providers for services that are important to many aspects of our 
business. If our service providers fail or are unable to perform 
as expected and we are unable to replace them quickly, our 
business  could  be  harmed  at  least  temporarily  until  we  are 
able  to  do  so  and  potentially,  in  some  cases,  permanently. 
These and other issues could adversely affect our reputation, 
business and financial performance.

Various  legal  proceedings  may  adversely  affect  our 
business and financial performance.

We  are  involved  in  various  private  legal  proceedings,  which 
include  consumer,  employment, 
intellectual  property, 
commercial,  tort  and  other  litigation.  We  are  subject  to 
potentially increasing challenges by private litigants regarding 
compliance  with  local,  state  and  national  labor  regulations, 
whether  meritorious  or  not.  In  addition,  companies  have 
increasingly been subject to employment related class action 
litigation,  and  we  have  experienced  “wage  and  hour”  class 
action lawsuits. We expect that these trends will continue to 
affect us. We are also subject to claims that the technology 
we  use  or  the  products  we  sell  infringe  intellectual  property 
rights  of  third  parties.  Such  claims,  whether  meritorious  or 
not, involve significant managerial resources and can become 
costly.  Generally,  we  have  indemnification  protections  in 
our  agreements  which  our  vendors  or  licensors  often  have 
honored; however, there are no assurances that such vendors 
or licensors will continue to do so in the future. We estimate 
exposure and establish reserves for our estimated significant 

liabilities,  however,  litigation  is  inherently  unpredictable  and 
the  outcome  of  legal  proceedings  and  other  contingencies 
could  be  unexpected.  Some  verdicts  or  decisions  may  not 
be reasonable or based on law or prior precedent, in which 
case  we  will  vigorously  contest  and  appeal  such  decisions. 
Other  outcomes  may  require  us  to  pay  substantial  amounts 
of money or take actions that adversely affect our operations. 
In  addition,  defending  against  these  claims  may  involve 
significant  time  and  expense.  Given  the  large  size  of  our 
operations and workforce, the visibility of our brand and our 
position as an industry leader, we may regularly be involved in 
legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business and 
financial performance.

Failure  to  comply  with  laws,  rules  and  regulations 
could  negatively  affect  our  business  operations  and 
financial performance.

regulations),  privacy  and 

Our business is subject to federal, state, local and international 
laws, rules and regulations, such as state and local wage and 
hour laws, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the False 
Claims  Act,  the  Employee  Retirement  Income  Security  Act 
(“ERISA”),  securities  laws,  import  and  export  laws  (including 
customs 
information  security 
regulations,  product  safety,  warranty  or  recall  regulations, 
unclaimed  property  laws,  and  many  others.  The  complexity 
of  the  regulatory  environment  in  which  we  operate  and  the 
related  cost  of  compliance  are  both  increasing  due  to  legal 
and regulatory requirements, increased enforcement and our 
ongoing  expansion  into  new  markets  and  new  channels.  In 
addition, as a result of operating in multiple countries, we must 
comply  with  multiple  foreign  laws  and  regulations  that  may 
differ  substantially  from  country  to  country  and  may  conflict 
with  corresponding  U.S.  laws  and  regulations.  We  may 
also  be  subject  to  investigations  or  audits  by  governmental 
authorities  and  regulatory  agencies,  which  can  occur  in  the 
ordinary course of business or which can result from increased 
scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country 
or practice. If we fail to comply with laws, rules and regulations 
or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may 
be  subject  to  government  enforcement  action,  class  action 
litigation or other litigation, damage to our reputation, civil and 
criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, and increased 
cost of regulatory compliance, any of which could adversely 
affect our results of operations and financial performance.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

As  of  January  28,  2017,  for  our  continuing  operations  we 
operated  a  total  of  1,583  retail  stores  in  46  states  and  the 
District  of  Columbia  in  the  United  States,  10  provinces  and 
2 territories in Canada, and in Argentina, Australia and Brazil. 

As  of  that  same  date,  we  also  operated  78  distribution  and 
fulfillment centers in 25 states in the United States, 7 provinces 
in Canada, and in China, Argentina, Brazil, Taiwan and Australia. 

10  STAPLES  Form 10-K

The following table sets forth the locations of our facilities related to our continuing operations as of January 28, 2017:

PART I

Retail Stores

Country/State/Province/Region/Territory
United States
Alabama
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon

Number of Stores

10
24
7
175
17
33
7
1
74
28
8
32
20
12
5
14
10
38
62
34
5
10
7
4
6
20
71
9
112
44
2
50
16
17

Country/State/Province/Region/Territory
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Total United States

Number of Stores
87
8
20
1
17
47
10
6
38
23
4
7
3
1,255

Canada
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland
Nova Scotia
Northwest Territories
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Total Canada

Argentina
Australia
Brazil

39
41
10
8
4
12
1
112
2
64
10
1
304

14
9
1
1,583

  STAPLES  11 

PART I

Distribution and Fulfillment Centers

Country/State/Province/Region/Territory
United States
Arizona
Alaska
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Maryland
Massachusetts
Minnesota
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Washington
Wisconsin
Total United States

Number of Centers

1
1
4
1
2
1
2
1
1
1
2
1
2
2
2
1
2
2
1
3
1
1
3
1
1
40

Country/State/Province/Region/Territory
Canada
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Foundland
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Quebec
Total Canada

China
Argentina
Brazil
Taiwan
Australia

Number of Centers

3
2
1
1
2
3
2
14

8
1
1
1
13
78

Most of the existing facilities are leased by us with lease terms expiring between 2017 and 2026. In many instances, we have 
renewal options at increased rents. Leases for 126 of the existing stores provide for contingent rent based upon sales.

We own our Framingham, Massachusetts corporate office, which consists of approximately 650,000 square feet.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business. We do not believe the results of such litigation will have 
a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business.  See  Note  I  -  Commitments  and  Contingencies  of  the  Notes  to  our  Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

12  STAPLES  Form 10-K

 i PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON 
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
NASDAQ

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “SPLS”. The following table sets forth for 
the periods indicated the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, as 
reported by NASDAQ.

52 Weeks Ended January 28, 2017
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter
52 Weeks Ended January 30, 2016
First Quarter
Second Quarter
Third Quarter
Fourth Quarter

Cash Dividend

High

$11.37
10.83
9.38
10.11

$19.40
16.84
14.71
13.50

Low

$8.04
8.00
7.24
7.24

$15.72
13.74
11.61
8.29

Since  2004,  we  have  returned  cash  to  our  stockholders 
through cash dividends. We paid quarterly dividends for fiscal 
year  2016  of  $0.12  per  share  on  April  14,  2016,  July  14, 
2016,  October  13,  2016  and  January  12,  2017  resulting  in 
a total dividend payment of $311 million or $0.48 per share. 
We paid quarterly dividends for fiscal year 2015 of $0.12 per 
share on April 16, 2015, July 16, 2015, October 15, 2015 and 
January  14,  2016,  resulting  in  a  total  dividend  payment  of 
$308 million or $0.48 per share. We paid quarterly dividends 
for fiscal year 2014 of $0.12 per share on April 17, 2014, July 
17, 2014, October 16, 2014 and January 15, 2015 resulting 
in a total dividend payment of $307 million or $0.48 per share.

While  it  is  our  intention  to  continue  to  pay  quarterly  cash 
dividends  in  2017  and  beyond,  any  decision  to  pay  future 
cash  dividends  will  be  made  by  our  Board  of  Directors  and 
will depend upon our earnings, financial condition and other 
factors.  Our  payment  of  dividends  is  permitted  under  our 
existing public notes and other financing agreements, although 
our  revolving  credit  agreement  restricts  the  payment  of 
dividends in the event we are in default under such agreement 
or such payout would cause a default under such agreement.

On  March  7,  2017,  our  Board  of  Directors  approved  the 
payment of a cash dividend of $0.12 per share to be paid on 
April 13, 2017 to stockholders of record on March 24, 2017.

  STAPLES  13 

PART II

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Staples’ common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 
Index and the Standard & Poor’s Retail Index during our 2012 through 2016 fiscal years, assuming the investment of $100.00 on 
January 28, 2012 with dividends being reinvested.

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0
1/28/12

2/2/13

2/1/14

1/31/15

1/30/16 

1/28/17

Staples, Inc. 

S&P500

S&P Retail Index 

Total Return To Stockholders

Staples, Inc.
S&P 500 Index
S&P Retail Index

28-Jan-12
$100.00
$100.00
$100.00

2-Feb-13
$87.30
$116.78
$129.41

1-Feb-14
$87.82
$141.91
$163.38

31-Jan-15
$118.14
$162.09
$196.45

30-Jan-16
$64.14
$161.01
$230.90

28-Jan-17
$69.36
$193.28
$273.54

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We  did  not  repurchase  any  of  our  common  stock  under 
our  share  repurchase  program  during  2016.  The  remaining 
authorization under our existing share repurchase program is 

$373 million. We plan to balance our allocations of capital for 
open-market  share  repurchases  with  allocations  for  merger 
and acquisition opportunities.

Other Information

For  information  regarding  securities  authorized  for  issuance 
under  our  equity  compensation  plans,  please  see  Note  K 
-  Equity  Based  Employee  Benefit  Plans  in  the  Notes  to  the 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  contained  in  this  Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.

At  March  7,  2017,  we  had  4,257  holders  of  record  of  our 
common stock.

14  STAPLES  Form 10-K

PART II

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information required by this Item is attached as Appendix A.

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS

The information required by this Item is attached as part of Appendix B.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE 
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The information required by this Item is attached as part of Appendix B under the caption “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
about Market Risks.”

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information required by this Item is attached as Appendix C.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH 
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
1. Disclosure Controls And Procedures

The  Company’s  management,  with  the  participation  of  the 
Company’s  chief  executive  officer  and  chief  financial  officer, 
evaluated,  as  of  January  28,  2017,  the  effectiveness  of  the 
Company’s  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  which  were 
designed to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. The 
term “disclosure controls and procedures”, as defined in Rules 
13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  under  the  Exchange  Act,  means  a 
company’s controls and other procedures designed to ensure 
that  information  required  to  be  disclosed  in  reports  filed  or 
submitted  under  the  Exchange  Act  is  recorded,  processed, 
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in 
the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures 
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed 
to  ensure  that  information  required  to  be  disclosed  by  a 
company  in  reports  filed  or  submitted  under  the  Exchange 
Act  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to  the  company’s 
management,  including  its  principal  executive  and  principal 
financial  officers,  as  appropriate  to  allow  timely  decisions 

regarding  required  disclosure.  Management  recognizes  that 
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and 
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving 
their  objectives,  and  that  judgment  must  be  applied  in  the 
evaluation of the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls 
and procedures. Based on the evaluation of the Company’s 
disclosure controls and procedures as of January 28, 2017, 
management, the chief executive officer and the chief financial 
officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and 
procedures were ineffective at the reasonable assurance level 
at  that  date,  due  to  the  material  weaknesses  identified  as 
described  below.  The  material  weaknesses  did  not  result  in 
any identified misstatements in the current period consolidated 
financial statements, nor in any restatements of consolidated 
financial statements previously reported by the Company, and 
there were no changes in previously released financial results.

  STAPLES  15 

PART II

2. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

(a)  Management’s  Annual  Report  on  Internal  Control 
over Financial Reporting

Management  is  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining 
adequate  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  for  the 
Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange 
Act  as  a  process  designed  by,  or  under  the  supervision  of, 
the  company’s  principal  executive  and  principal  financial 
officers  and  effected  by  the  company’s  board  of  directors, 
management  and  other  personnel,  to  provide  reasonable 
assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and 
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
and includes those policies and procedures that:

•  Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable 
detail  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and 
dispositions of the assets of the company;

•  Provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements 
in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and

•  Provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or 
timely  detection  of  unauthorized  acquisition,  access  to, 
use  or  disposition  of  the  company’s  assets  that  could 
have a material effect on the financial statements.

Staples’  internal  control  system  is  designed  to  provide 
reasonable  assurance  to  the  Company’s  management  and 
Board  regarding  the  preparation  and  fair  presentation  of 
published  financial  statements.  All  internal  control  systems, 
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations which 
may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Therefore,  even 
those  systems  determined  to  be  effective  can  provide  only 
reasonable  assurance  with  respect  to  financial  statement 
preparation  and  presentation.  Projections  of  any  evaluation 
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that 
controls  may  become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.

Management  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  Staples’  internal 
controls  over  financial  reporting  as  of  January  28,  2017.  In 
making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth in Internal 
Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee 
of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission 
(2013 Framework) (“COSO”) . Based on our assessment, we 
concluded  that,  as  of  January  28,  2017,  the  Company  has 

not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting 
based on those criteria as a result of the material weaknesses 
in internal control over financial reporting described below.

Management has identified deficiencies in its internal control 
over  financial  reporting,  which  are  related  to  the  operation 
of  information  technology  (“IT”)  general  controls  in  the 
areas  of  access  security,  program  change  management 
and  computer  operations  (“IT  General  Controls”)  in  certain 
business  units  in  North  America  and  a  business  unit  in  the 
United Kingdom. The deficiencies in IT General Controls also 
resulted in a conclusion that manual controls that rely on data 
produced by and maintained within these affected IT system 
applications and automated controls within these affected IT 
system  applications  were  ineffective.  A  material  weakness 
is  a  deficiency,  or  combination  of  deficiencies,  in  internal 
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable 
possibility  that  a  material  misstatement  of  the  Company’s 
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or 
detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that 
the aggregate impact of these deficiencies resulted in material 
weaknesses as follows:

•  North America IT General Controls - deficiencies in certain 
applications used by business units in North America that 
resulted  in  the  failure  of  other  automated  controls  and 
other controls that rely on data from these applications.

•  United  Kingdom  IT  General  Controls  -  deficiencies  in 
certain applications used by a component of discontinued 
operations  in  the  United  Kingdom  that  resulted  in  the 
failure of other automated controls and other controls that 
rely on data from these applications.

The  material  weaknesses  did  not  result  in  any  identified 
misstatements  in  the  current  period  consolidated  financial 
statements, nor in any restatements of consolidated financial 
statements  previously  reported  by  the  Company,  and  there 
were  no  changes  in  previously  released  financial  results. 
We  have  begun  to  develop  remediation  plans  for  these 
material  weaknesses  which  are  described  below  under 
“Remediation Activities”.

The  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  Ernst 
&  Young  LLP,  has  issued  an  adverse  audit  report  on  the 
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting as of January 28, 2017, which is included herein.

16  STAPLES  Form 10-K

PART II

(b) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Staples, Inc.

We have audited Staples, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2017, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 
framework) (the COSO criteria). Staples, Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial 
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in Management’s Annual 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control 
over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 
Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal 
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal 
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary 
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain 
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, 
projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a 
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or 
detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management’s assessment:

• IT general controls deficiencies in North America

• IT general controls deficiencies in the United Kingdom

In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described above on the achievement of the objectives of the 
control criteria, Staples, Inc. and subsidiaries has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 
2017, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), 
the consolidated balance sheets of Staples, Inc. and subsidiaries as of January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016, and the related 
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended January 28, 2017 of Staples, Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated March 9, 2017 expressed an unqualified 
opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
March 9, 2017

  STAPLES  17 

PART II

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

(d) Remediation activities

Except  for  the  control  deficiencies  discussed  above  in  this 
Item  9A  that  have  been  assessed  as  material  weaknesses 
as of January 28, 2017, there were no other changes in the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined 
in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  of  the  Exchange  Act)  that 
occurred during the fiscal quarter ended January 28, 2017 that 
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially 
affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

During the three months ended January 28, 2017, management 
identified deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting 
related to IT General Controls in the areas of access security, 
program  change  management  and  computer  operations  in 
certain  business  units  in  North  America.  These  deficiencies 
also  resulted  in  the  failure  of  other  automated  controls  and 
other  controls  that  rely  on  data  from  these  applications. 
Management determined that the aggregate impact of these 
deficiencies resulted in a material weakness affecting certain 
applications and business units in North America.

After  identifying  the  material  weaknesses  noted  above  in 
certain  business  units 
in  North  America,  management 
remediated  the  IT  General  Controls  where  possible,  and 
began to develop remediation plans for the remaining affected 
applications. At year-end, access, change management and 
computer  operations  controls  in  certain  systems  were  not 
operating effectively. These deficiencies resulted in the failure 
of  other  automated  controls  and  other  controls  that  rely  on 
data from these applications. As such, as of January 28, 2017, 
management concluded that the material weakness in internal 
controls over financial reporting related to IT General Controls in 
the areas of user access, change management and computer 
operations affecting certain applications and business units in 
North America was unremediated.

Management  identified  deficiencies  in  internal  control  over 
financial reporting related to IT General Controls in the areas of 
access security, program change management and computer 
operations as well as deficiencies in business process controls 
related to a certain component of the business in the United 
Kingdom.  These  deficiencies  resulted  in  the  failure  of  other 
automated  controls  and  other  controls  that  rely  on  data 
from  these  applications.  Management  determined  that  the 
aggregate impact of these deficiencies resulted in a material 
weakness  associated  with  a  component  of  discontinued 
operations and assets held for sale in the United Kingdom.

Management  is  actively  engaged  in  the  implementation  of  a 
remediation plan to address the ineffective IT General Controls 
contributing  to  the  material  weaknesses.  The  remediation 
actions include the following:

•  Improving  the  operation  and  monitoring  of  control 
activities and procedures associated with logical security 
including user and administrator access to the affected IT 
systems, including both preventive and detective control 
activities.

•  Improving the operation of program change management 
control  activities  to  track  authorizations  to  changes, 
emergency change management procedures and across 
the  affected  IT  systems,  including  both  preventive  and 
detective controls activities.

•  Improving  the  operation  and  monitoring  of  computer 
track  appropriate 
job  and  backup 

operations  control  activities 
to 
processing  and  authorization  of 
processes of the affected IT systems.

•  Implementing  additional  training  for  resources  in  the 
functional areas that support and monitor our IT systems 
and information generated therefrom.

•  Implementing  additional  business  process  controls  or 
improving existing business process controls, as needed, 
to  address  the  risks  related  to  the  financial  reports  and 
data generated from the affected IT systems.

that 

Management  believes 
these  efforts  will  effectively 
remediate  the  material  weaknesses.  However,  the  material 
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will 
not  be  considered  remediated  until  (a)  the  new  controls  are 
fully implemented and existing controls are reinforced, (b) the 
controls  are  in  operation  for  a  sufficient  period  of  time  and 
(c) these controls are tested and concluded by management to 
be designed and operating effectively. We cannot provide any 
assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or 
that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective 
as  a  result  of  these  efforts.  In  addition,  as  we  continue  to 
evaluate and work to improve its internal control over financial 
reporting,  management  may  determine  to  take  additional 
measures  to  address  control  deficiencies  or  determine  to 
modify the remediation plan described above. Management will 
test and evaluate the implementation of these new and revised 
processes  and  internal  controls  to  ascertain  whether  they 
are designed and operating effectively to provide reasonable 
assurance that they will prevent or detect a material error in 
our financial statements.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

On March 6, 2017, Carol Meyrowitz informed the Board of Directors of Staples, Inc. (the “Board”) that she would not stand for 
re-election to the Board at our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “2017 Annual Meeting”). Ms. Meyrowitz will remain on 
the Board until the conclusion of the 2017 Annual Meeting. Our Board voted to reduce its size from 11 members to 10 members, 
effective upon Ms. Meyrowitz’s departure.

18  STAPLES  Form 10-K

 i PART III

Certain  information  required  by  Part  III  is  omitted  from  this 
Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  incorporated  herein  by 
reference to the definitive proxy statement with respect to our 
2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), 

which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered 
by this Report.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Certain information required by this Item is contained under the 
heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other information required by 
this Item will appear under the headings “Election of Directors 
(Item 2 on the Proxy Card)” and “Corporate Governance” in 
our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein 
by reference.

The information required by this Item pursuant to Item 405 of 
Regulation S-K will appear under the heading “Section 16(a) 
Beneficial  Ownership  Reporting  Compliance”  in  our  Proxy 
Statement, which section is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a written code of ethics, the Staples Code 
of  Conduct,  that  applies  to  our  principal  executive  officer, 
principal  financial  officer,  and  principal  accounting  officer  or 
controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code 
of Conduct, which also applies to our directors and all of our 
officers and associates, can be found on our web site, which 
is located at www.staples.com, and is also an exhibit to this 
report. We intend to make all required disclosures concerning 
any  amendments  to  or  waivers  from  our  code  of  ethics  by 
filing  a  Form  8-K  disclosing  such  waiver,  or  to  the  extent 
permitted by applicable NASDAQ regulations, by posting such 
information in the Investor Information section of our web site.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The  information  required  by  this  Item  will  appear  under  the 
headings “Corporate Governance”, “Director Compensation”, 
and “Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion 
and Analysis” including “Compensation Committee Interlocks 

and  Insider  Participation”  and  “Compensation  Committee 
Report” 
in  our  Proxy  Statement,  which  sections  are 
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The  information  required  by  this  Item  will  appear  under  the  headings  “Beneficial  Ownership  of  Common  Stock”  and  “Equity 
Compensation  Plan  Information  at  2016  Fiscal  Year  End”  in  our  Proxy  Statement,  which  sections  are  incorporated  herein 
by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED 
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item will appear under the headings “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” and 
“Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item will appear under the heading “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Fees” in our 
Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated herein by reference.

  STAPLES  19 

PART III

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT 
SCHEDULES

  (a)  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements: The following 
financial  statements  and  schedules  of  Staples,  Inc.  are 
included as Appendix C of this Report:

•  Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows  -  Fiscal 
years  ended  January  28,  2017,  January  30,  2016  and 
January 31, 2015; and

1.  Financial Statements.

•  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

•  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  -  January  28,  2017  and 

January 30, 2016;

•  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  -  Fiscal  years 
ended  January  28,  2017,  January  30,  2016  and 
January 31, 2015;

•  Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income  - 
Fiscal years ended January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016 
and January 31, 2015;

•  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity - Fiscal 
years  ended  January  28,  2017,  January  30,  2016  and 
January 31, 2015;

2.  Financial Statement Schedules.

•  Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.

All  schedules  for  which  provision  is  made  in  the  applicable 
accounting  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange 
Commission other than the one listed above are not required 
under  the  related  instructions  or  are  not  applicable  and, 
therefore, have been omitted.

3.  Exhibits.  The  exhibits  which  are  filed  or  furnished  with 
this report or which are incorporated herein by reference are 
set forth in the Exhibit Index beginning on page D-1, which is 
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

20  STAPLES  Form 10-K

 i SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 9, 2017.

STAPLES, INC.
By:

/s/ SHIRA D. GOODMAN

Shira D. Goodman,

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons 
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

/s/ SHIRA D. GOODMAN

Shira D. Goodman

/s/ DREW G. FAUST

Drew G. Faust

/s/ CURTIS FEENY

Curtis Feeny

/s/ PAUL-HENRI FERRAND

Paul-Henri Ferrand

/s/ DEBORAH HENRETTA

Deborah Henretta

/s/ KUNAL S. KAMLANI

Kunal S. Kamlani

/s/ JOHN F. LUNDGREN

John F. Lundgren

/s/ CAROL MEYROWITZ

Carol Meyrowitz

/s/ ROBERT E. SULENTIC

Robert E. Sulentic

/s/ VIJAY VISHWANATH

Vijay Vishwanath

/s/ PAUL F. WALSH

Paul F. Walsh

Capacity

Director and President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director and Chairman of the Board

Director

Director

/s/ CHRISTINE T. KOMOLA

Christine T. Komola

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ MARK CONTE

Mark Conte

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Date

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

March 9, 2017

  STAPLES  21 

 i APPENDIX A

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

(Dollar Amounts in Millions, Except Store and Per Share Data)

Statement of Income Data:
Sales
Gross profit

(Loss) income from continuing operations
(Loss) income from discontinued operations
Net (loss) income

Basic earnings per common share:
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Diluted earnings per common share:
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Dividends declared per common share

Statistical Data:
Stores open at end of period

Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital (4)
Total assets
Long-term debt, net of current maturities (4)
Noncontrolling interests
Total stockholders’ equity

Fiscal Year Ended

January 28, 
2017 (1) 
(52 Weeks)

January 30, 
2016 (1) 
(52 Weeks)

January 31, 
2015 (1) 
(52 Weeks)

February 1, 
2014 (2) 
(52 Weeks)

February 2, 
2013 (3) 
(53 Weeks)

$18,247
4,758

$(459)
(1,038)
$(1,497)

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$0.48

$18,764
4,907

$19,684
5,038

$20,180
5,265

$21,133
5,661

$462
(83)
$379

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$0.48

$125
10
$135

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

$0.48

$736
(116)
$620

$1.13
(0.18)
$0.95

$1.12
(0.18)
$0.94

$0.48

$793
(1,004)
$(211)

$1.19
(1.50)
$(0.31)

$1.19
(1.50)
$(0.31)

$0.44

1,583

1,629

1,699

1,887

1,932

$1,934
8,271
529
8
$3,696

$1,587
10,172
1,016
8
$5,384

$1,410
10,308
1,018
8
$5,313

$1,460
11,175
1,000
9
$6,141

$2,300
12,280
1,000
8
$6,136

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

 See the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP income from continuing operations in Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the impact of certain items of income or loss reflected in this period.

 Income from continuing operations for this period reflects pre-tax charges of $20 million for restructuring activities related to 
streamlining the Company’s operations and general and administration functions.

 Income from continuing operations for this period reflects pre-tax charges of $6 million for impairment of long-lived assets, 
$38  million  for  restructuring  activities,  $57  million  for  a  loss  on  early  extinguishment  of  debt,  $26  million  related  to  the 
termination of the Company’s joint venture agreement in India, and $20 million for accelerated intangible asset amortization.

(4) 

Balances exclude discontinued operations.

A-1  STAPLES  Form 10-K

 i APPENDIX B

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Results of Operations

GENERAL

Our fiscal year is the 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday closest to January 31. Fiscal year 2016 (“2016”) consisted of the 
52 weeks ended January 28, 2017, fiscal year 2015 (“2015”) consisted of the 52 weeks ended January 30, 2016 and fiscal year 
2014 (“2014”) consisted of the 52 weeks ended January 31, 2015.

NEW BUSINESS SEGMENTS

As  part  of  Staples’  20/20  strategic  plan,  during  the  fourth 
quarter  of  2016  we  realigned  our  business  segments  to 
support  growth  and  better  address  the  changing  needs  of 
our customers. Under the new structure, the North American 
Delivery  segment  includes  Staples  Business  Advantage,  our 
contract  operations  in  the  U.S.  and  Canada,  as  well  as  our 
Quill.com  business  and  our  Staples.com  and  Staples.ca 
businesses in the U.S. and Canada. The North American Retail 
segment includes our retail stores in the U.S. and Canada.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Major contributors to our 2016 results of continuing operations, 
as  compared  to  the  results  for  2015,  are  reviewed  in  detail 
in the Consolidated Performance and Segment Performance 
discussions and are summarized below: 

• We generated $18.2 billion in sales, a decrease of 2.8%; 

•  North  American  Delivery  sales  decreased  0.9%  and 

business unit income rate increased to 6.3% from 5.8%;

•  North  American  Retail  sales  decreased  7.1%  and 
business unit income rate decreased to 4.8% from 5.3%;

•  (Loss)  income  from  continuing  operations  for  2016 
was  a  loss  of  $(459)  million  compared  with  income  of 
$462 million in 2015; 

OUTLOOK

For the first quarter of 2017, we expect to achieve fully diluted 
non-GAAP  earnings  per  share  for  continuing  operations  in 
the range of $0.15 to $0.18. Our earnings guidance excludes 
potential  charges  related  to  our  strategic  plans,  including 
restructuring  and  related  initiatives  and  charges  related  to 
the  sale  of  our  European  operations.  For  the  full  year  2017, 
we expect to generate at least $500 million of free cash flow.  
We provide earnings and cash flow guidance on a non-GAAP 
basis  only  as  we  cannot  predict  certain  elements  which  are 
included in reported GAAP results, as discussed below under 
“Non-GAAP Measures.”

Also  during  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  we  completed  the 
sale of our retail stores business in the United Kingdom (“UK 
Retail”),  and  classified  our  remaining  European  operations 
(“European Operations”) as held for sale. As a result, UK Retail 
and the European Operations are presented in discontinued 
operations, and our remaining international businesses will no 
longer be included in a reportable segment. The sale of our 
European Operations was completed on February 27, 2017. 
See  Note  D  -  Discontinued  Operations  in  the  Notes  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.

•  Loss  from  continuing  operations  for  2016  reflects  pre-
tax charges of $1.2 billion for impairment of goodwill and 
long-lived  assets,  merger-related  costs,  restructuring-
related charges, legal fees, and a net loss on the sale of 
businesses and assets;

•  Non-GAAP  income  from  continuing  operations  was 
$586  million  in  2016  compared  with  $598  million  in 
2015; and

•  Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was 
$(0.71) in 2016 compared to $0.71 in 2015. Non-GAAP 
earnings  per  diluted  share  from  continuing  operations 
was $0.90 in 2016 compared with $0.93 in 2015.

the  non-GAAP 

See 
Measures” section further below.

reconciliations 

in 

the  “Non-GAAP 

Our  guidance  reflects  the  following  material  trends,  events, 
uncertainties and strategic actions:

•  We  plan  to  accelerate  growth  in  Staples  Business 
Advantage,  our  North  American  contract  business, 
where we have momentum and best in class offerings to 
build  on.  We  plan  to  accelerate  growth  by  focusing  on 
providing  services  and  products  beyond  office  supplies 
and by targeting mid-market business customers.

  STAPLES  B-1 

APPENDIX B

•  At  the  same  time  we  are  focused  on  maximizing 
profitability  and  reducing  risk  in  our  underperforming 
North  American  retail  and  international  businesses.  Our 
guidance  assumes  that  we  will  close  approximately  70 
retail  stores  in  North  America  in  2017.  We  will  evaluate 
our  remaining  store  portfolio  on  an  ongoing  basis  as 
performance and market conditions change.

•  We  plan  to  reduce  end-to-end  product  costs,  continue 
to  evolve  our  promotional  strategies,  increase  our 
mix  of  Staples  Brand  products,  drive  savings  in  our 
supply  chain,  eliminate  fixed  costs  in  our  retail  stores, 
and  generate  additional  efficiency  savings  across  the 
entire  organization,  which  we  expect  will  approximately 
$300 million of annualized pre-tax cost savings by the end 
of 2018. 

TERMINATION OF PROPOSED MERGER WITH 
OFFICE DEPOT

On February 4, 2015, Staples announced that it had signed 
a  definitive  agreement  to  acquire  Office  Depot,  a  global 
supplier  of  office  products,  services  and  solutions  for  the 
workplace.  On  December  7,  2015,  the  U.S.  Federal  Trade 
Commission  and  Canadian  Commissioner  of  Competition 
each  filed  lawsuits  against  the  Company  and  Office  Depot, 
seeking  to  block  the  proposed  merger  and  prevent  the 
acquisition from closing. On May 10, 2016, the U.S. District 
Court for the District of Columbia granted the Federal Trade 

Commission’s  request  for  a  preliminary  injunction  against 
the proposed acquisition, and as a result Staples and Office 
Depot  terminated  the  merger  agreement  on  May  16,  2016. 
See  Note  Q  -  Termination  of  Merger  Agreement  with  Office 
Depot in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for information related to costs associated with terminating the 
merger agreement and interest and fees associated with the 
related financing agreements. 

NON-GAAP MEASURES

In our analysis of the results of operations and in our outlook, 
we  have  referred  to  certain  non-GAAP  financial  measures 
for  sales,  net  income,  earnings  per  share,  effective  tax  rate, 
and free cash flow (which we define as net cash provided by 
operating activities less capital expenditures). The presentation 
of  these  results  should  be  considered  in  addition  to,  and 
should not be considered superior to, or as a substitute for, 
the  presentation  of  results  determined  in  accordance  with 
GAAP.  We  believe  that  these  non-GAAP  financial  measures 
assist management and investors to analyze our performance 
by  providing  meaningful 
facilitates  the 
comparability  of  underlying  business  results  from  period 
to  period.  We  use  these  non-GAAP  financial  measures  to 
evaluate  the  operating  results  of  our  business  against  prior 

information  that 

year  results  and  our  operating  plan,  and  to  forecast  and 
analyze  future  periods.  We  recognize  there  are  limitations 
associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as 
they may reduce comparability with other companies that use 
different  methods  to  calculate  similar  non-GAAP  measures. 
We generally compensate for these limitations by considering 
GAAP as well as non-GAAP results. In addition, management 
provides  a  reconciliation  to  the  most  comparable  GAAP 
financial measure, other than financial guidance which is only 
provided on a non-GAAP basis given that potential charges to 
be incurred related to the company’s strategic plans, including 
restructuring  and  related  initiatives,  and  the  potential  related 
impact on cash flow, cannot be reasonably estimated.

B-2  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

For the non-GAAP measures related to results of operations, reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are 
shown below (amounts in millions, except per share data):

Gross profit
Operating (loss) income

Interest and other expense, net
Loss on early extinguishment of debt

(Loss) income from continuing 
operations before income taxes
Income tax expense

Adjustments

Adjusted income tax expense
(Loss) income from continuing operations
Effective tax rate
(Loss) income from continuing 
operations per common share:

GAAP

$4,758
(264)
62
26

(352)
107
—
107
$(459)
(30.5)%

Diluted earnings per common share

$(0.71)

Weighted average common 
shares outstanding

Effect of dilutive securities

Weighted average common shares 
outstanding assuming dilution

649
—

649

Operating income

Interest and other expense, net

Income from continuing operations 
before income taxes
Income taxes
Adjustments

Adjusted income taxes
Income from continuing operations
Effective tax rate
Diluted earnings per common share

GAAP

$713
149

564
102
—
102
$462
18.1%
$0.71

52 Weeks Ended
January 28, 2017

Loss on sale 
of businesses 
and assets, net
$—
55

Litigation
$—
14

Impairment 
of goodwill 
and long-
lived assets
$—
783

Merger-
related 
costs
$—
272
(37)
(26)

Costs related  
to restructuring  
and strategic  

$4
45

plans Non-GAAP
$4,762
905
25
—

880
107
187
294
$586
33.5%

$0.90

649
4

653

52 Weeks Ended
January 30, 2016

Restructuring 
charges
$105
—

Impairment of 
long-lived assets 
and accelerated 
depreciation
$39
—

Loss on sale 
of assets, net
$5
—

Merger-
related 
costs
$53
94

PNI data 
security 
incident 

costs Non-GAAP

$18
—

$933
55

878
102
178
280
$598
31.8%
$0.93

  STAPLES  B-3 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

Gross profit
Operating income

Interest and other expense, net

Income from continuing 
operations before income taxes
Income tax expense

Adjustments

Adjusted income taxes
Income from continuing operations
Effective tax rate
Diluted earnings per common 
share from continuing operations

GAAP

$5,038
296
43

253
128
—
128
$125
50.9%

$0.19

GAAP sales growth

Impact of foreign exchange
Impact of divestitures
Impact of acquisitions

Comparable sales growth

52 Weeks Ended
January 31, 2015

Inventory 
write-downs
$26
26

Restructuring 
charges
$—
158

Accelerated 
depreciation
$—
8

Impairment of 
goodwill and 
long-lived assets
$—
469

Gain on 
sale of 
businesses, 

net Non-GAAP

$— $5,064
928
(29)
43

885
128
160
288
$597
32.6%

$0.92

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Sales Growth
North American Delivery Comparable Sales Growth
Fourth quarter 
of Fiscal 2016
(1.2)%
0.2%
(3.5)%
0.9%
1.2%

Fiscal Year 2016
(0.9)%
(0.1)%
(2.0)%
0.3%
0.9%

Note that certain percentage figures shown in the tables above may not recalculate due to rounding.

B-4  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

CONSOLIDATED PERFORMANCE
2016 Compared with 2015

Sales: Sales for 2016 were $18.2 billion, a decrease of 2.8% 
from  2015.  The  sales  decline  was  primarily  driven  by  a  5% 
decline  in  comparable  store  sales  in  North  American  Retail, 
the  unfavorable  impact  from  the  divestiture  of  our  Staples 
Print  Solutions  business  (“SPS”)  in  the  second  quarter  of 
2016,  and  approximately  a  1%  negative  impact  associated 
with  store  closures,  partly  offset  by  comparable  sales 
growth in North American Delivery. Declines in ink and toner, 
business machines and technology accessories, tablets and 
supplies  were  partly  offset  by  growth  in  facilities  supplies, 
food  and  breakroom  supplies,  computers  and  print  and 
marketing services.

Gross Profit: Gross profit as a percentage of sales was 26.1% 
for  2016  compared  to  26.2%  for  2015.  The  slight  decrease 
was primarily due to growth in low margin offerings in China 
and an unfavorable impact of lower sales on fixed expenses in 
U.S. Retail, mostly offset by improved product margin rates in 
both North American Retail and North American Delivery.

Selling,  General  and  Administrative  Expenses:  Selling, 
general  and  administrative  expenses  in  2016  decreased  by 
$148 million or 3.7% from 2015. The decrease was driven by 
a  reduction  in  compensation  due  to  headcount  reductions, 
lower  legal  and  integration  planning  costs  as  a  result  of  the 
terminated merger with Office Depot, and reduced marketing 
expense. These reductions were partially offset by increased 
professional service fees and higher incentive compensation.

Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 includes 
$22 million in legal and professional services costs associated 
with our planned acquisition of Office Depot and $14 million 
in costs associated with litigation (see Note I - Commitments 
and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  for  additional  information).  Selling,  general  and 
administrative  expenses  in  2015  reflect  $53  million  in  legal 
and professional services costs associated with our planned 
acquisition  of  Office  Depot,  $18  million  of  costs  related  to 
the PNI data security incident, and $5 million of accelerated 
depreciation.  As  a  percentage  of  sales,  selling,  general  and 
administrative  expenses  were  21.1%  in  2016  compared  to 
21.3% for 2015.

Impairment  of  Goodwill  and  Long-Lived  Assets:  See 
Note C - Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets in the Notes to the 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information  related  to 
the impairment charges in 2016 and 2015.

Restructuring Charges: See Note B - Restructuring Charges 
in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for 
information  related  to  the  restructuring  charges  in  2016 
and 2015.

(Loss)  Gain  on  Sale  of  Businesses  and  Assets,  net:  See 
Note E - Sale of Businesses and Assets in the Notes to the 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information  related  to 
gains and losses related to the sale of businesses and other 
assets in 2016 and 2015.

Interest  Expense:  Interest  expense  decreased  to  $81  million 
for 2016 from $139 million for 2015. Interest expense during 
2016 and 2015 reflected interest and fees of $39 million and 
$94  million,  respectively,  related  to  financing  arrangements 
associated  with  our  proposed  acquisition  of  Office  Depot. 
See  Note  Q  -  Termination  of  Merger  Agreement  with  Office 
Depot in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information.

Other  Income  (Expense),  Net:  Other  income  (expense),  net 
was  income  of  $13  million  for  2016  compared  to  expense 
of  $(13)  million  for  2015.  The  change  was  primarily  driven 
by  $14  million  of  investment  income  associated  with  our 
supplemental  executive  retirement  plan  realized  in  2016, 
compared  with  $9  million  of  investment  losses  recognized 
in 2015.

Income  Taxes:  Our  effective  tax  rate  was  (30.5)%  in  2016 
compared to 18.1% for 2015. The primary driver of the lower 
rate in 2015 compared with 2016 is that in 2015 we recognized 
a  $60  million  reduction  in  our  liability  for  unrecognized  tax 
benefits, primarily due to the expiration of statutes of limitations.

Excluding  the  impact  of  items  shown  in  the  tables  included 
above in the “Non-GAAP Measures” section, our non-GAAP 
effective tax rate was 33.5% in 2016 and 31.8% in 2015. The 
increase in our non-GAAP effective tax rate in 2016 compared 
with the prior year is primarily due to changes in the geographic 
mix of earnings.

See Note J - Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements  for  a  reconciliation  of  the  federal 
statutory tax rate to our effective tax rates in 2016 and 2015 
and for information relating to the undistributed earnings of our 
foreign subsidiaries.

Our effective tax rate in any year is impacted by the geographic 
mix  of  earnings.  Additionally,  certain  foreign  operations  are 
subject to both U.S. and foreign income tax regulations, and 
as a result, income before tax by location and the components 
of  income  tax  expense  by  taxing  jurisdiction  are  not  directly 
related.  The  earnings  generated  primarily  by  our  entities  in 
Canada contribute to the foreign tax rate differential impacting 
the effective tax rate in 2016 and 2015.

  STAPLES  B-5 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

2015 Compared with 2014

Sales: Sales for 2015 were $18.8 billion, a decrease of 4.7% 
from 2014. The sales decrease was primarily driven by a 3% 
unfavorable  impact  from  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates 
and  a  2%  negative  impact  associated  with  store  closures. 
Comparable  store  sales  in  North  American  Retail  declined 
4%, while sales for North American Delivery increased 1% in 
both  U.S.  dollars  and  local  currency.  Declines  in  computers 
and mobility, business machines and technology accessories, 
and  ink  and  toner  were  partly  offset  by  growth  in  facilities 
supplies,  print  and  marketing  services,  breakroom  supplies 
and furniture.

Gross Profit: Gross profit as a percentage of sales was 26.2% 
for  2015  compared  to  25.6%  for  2014.  The  increase  was 
primarily  driven  by  improved  product  margin  rates  in  North 
American Retail and Quill.com. The increase also reflects the 
impact of $26 million of inventory write-downs in 2014 related 
to the rationalization of our SKU assortment and the closure of 
North American retail stores, which compares with a $1 million 
write-down in 2015. The favorable impact of these factors was 
partially offset by the impact of increased logistics expenses 
for North American Retail.

Selling,  General  and  Administrative  Expenses:  Selling, 
general  and  administrative  expenses  in  2015  decreased  by 
$103  million  or  2.5%  from  2014.  The  decrease  was  driven 
by  a  reduction  in  compensation,  largely  due  to  headcount 
reductions  associated  with  store  closures  and  reduced 
incentive  compensation,  as  well  as  a  favorable  impact  from 
changes in foreign exchange rates. The impact of these items 
was partially offset by increased professional, consulting and 
legal expenses.

Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2015 includes 
$53 million in legal and professional services costs associated 
with our planned acquisition of Office Depot and $18 million 
of costs associated with the PNI data security incident (See 
Note I - Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). 
Selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  also  reflects 
accelerated depreciation of $5 million in 2015 and $9 million in 
2014 primarily related to our initiatives to improve efficiencies 
in  our  North  American  delivery  fulfillment  operations.  As 
a  percentage  of  sales,  selling,  general  and  administrative 
expenses increased to 21.3% in 2015 compared to 20.8% for 
2014, reflecting the negative impact of lower sales.

land  Long-Lived  Assets:  See 
Impairment  of  Goodwill 
Note C - Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for information relating to 
the impairment charges in 2015 and 2014.

Restructuring Charges: See Note B - Restructuring Charges 
in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for 
information relating to restructuring charges recorded in 2015 
and 2014.

(Loss)  Gain  on  Sale  of  Businesses  and  Assets,  net:  See 
Note E - Sale of Businesses and Assets in the Notes to the 
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  information  related  to 
gains and losses related to the sale of businesses and other 
assets in 2015 and 2014.

Interest Expense: Interest expense increased to $139 million 
for 2015 from $48 million for 2014. The increase was driven 
by  $94  million  of  fees  related  to  term  loan  financing  for  our 
planned acquisition of Office Depot. See Note Q - Termination 
of  Merger  Agreement  with  Office  Depot  in  the  Notes  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Other  Income  (Expense),  Net:  Other  income  (expense),  net 
was expense of $13 million for 2015 compared to income of 
$3 million for 2014. The expense in 2015 reflects investment 
losses associated with our supplemental executive retirement 
plan, while 2014 reflects investment income. The expense in 
2015 also reflects the impact of foreign exchange losses.

Income  Taxes:  Our  tax  rate  related  to  continuing  operations 
was 18.1% in 2015 compared to 50.9% for 2014. The low tax 
rate in 2015 is primarily attributable to a $60 million reduction 
in  the  liability  for  unrecognized  tax  benefits.  The  relatively 
high tax rate for 2014 primarily reflected the impact of certain 
non-deductible  charges  (see  non-GAAP  reconciliation  table 
above). Excluding the impact of these items, our effective tax 
rate in 2014 was 32.6%.

See Note J - Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements  for  a  reconciliation  of  the  federal 
statutory tax rate to our effective tax rates in 2015 and 2014 
and for information relating to the undistributed earnings of our 
foreign subsidiaries.

B-6  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

SEGMENT PERFORMANCE

We  have  two  reportable  segments:  North  American  Delivery 
and  North  American  Retail.  Other  includes  our  businesses 
in  Australia,  Asia,  and  South  America.  The  following  tables 
provide a summary of our sales and business unit income by 
reportable  segment.  See  additional  geographic  information 

and a reconciliation of total business unit income to income 
(loss)  from  continuing  operations  before  income  taxes  in 
Note O - Segment Reporting in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

Sales:
North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other

Total sales

Business Unit Income:
North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other

Year
2015
2016

(Amounts in millions)

2016
$10,636
6,662
949
$18,247

2015
$10,731
7,169
864
$18,764

2014
$10,664
8,055
965
$19,684

2016 Increase 
(Decrease) 
From Prior Year
(0.9)%
(7.1)%
9.7%
(2.8)%

2015 Increase 
(Decrease)  
From Prior Year
0.6%
(11.0)%
(10.4)%
(4.7)%

(Amounts in millions)

2016
$672
317
(11)

2015
$621
379
(16)

2014
$595
432
(35)

2016 
% of Sales
6.3%
4.8%
(1.2)%

2015 
% of Sales
5.8%
5.3%
(1.8)%

2014 
% of Sales
5.6%
5.4%
(3.6)%

North American Retail Store Activity

Stores Open at 
Beginning of Period
1,679
1,607

Stores Opened
1
—

Stores Closed
73
48

Stores Open at 
End of Period
1,607
1,559

North American Delivery

2016 Compared with 2015

Sales decreased by $95 million or 0.9% for 2016 compared 
to 2015. The decrease was primarily due to the divestiture of 
SPS in the second quarter of 2016 and a decline in sales of ink 
and toner, tablets and office supplies. These decreases were 
partially  offset  by  increased  sales  of  facilities  supplies,  food 
and breakroom supplies and computers. Sales in 2016 were 
also  favorably  impacted  by  the  acquisition  of  Capital  Office 
Products,  an  independent  regional  office  products  dealer, 
early  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016.  Excluding  the  impact  of 
divestitures and acquisitions and changes in foreign exchange 
rates, comparable sales for North American Delivery increased 
1% compared with 2015.

2015 Compared with 2014

Business unit income as a percentage of sales was 6.3% in 
2016 compared to 5.8% for 2015. The increase was primarily 
driven  by  lower  compensation  expense,  increased  gross 
margin rate, and lower marketing expense in staples.com and 
quill.com, partially offset by increased incentive compensation 
and delivery expense.

Sales  increased  0.6%  for  2015  compared  to  2014.  The 
increase  was  primarily  due  to  increased  sales  of  facilities 
supplies, food and breakroom supplies, promotional products, 
and furniture. This was partially offset by a 1% negative impact 
from changes in foreign exchange rates, decreased sales of 
ink and toner, tablets and paper.

Business unit income as a percentage of sales was 5.8% for 
2015  and  5.6%  for  2014.  The  increase  was  primarily  driven 
by increased gross margin rate, lower marketing expense in 
quill.com, and lower customer service expense, partially offset 
by  continued  investments  in  sales  force  to  drive  growth  in 
categories beyond office supplies.

  STAPLES  B-7 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

North American Retail

2016 Compared with 2015

Sales decreased by $507 million or 7.1% for 2016 compared to 
2015. The decrease was driven by a 5% decline in comparable 
store sales primarily resulting from lower customer traffic and 
an approximate 2% unfavorable impact from store closures. 
Declines  in  business  machines  and  technology  accessories, 
ink  and  toner  and  tablets  were  partially  offset  by  increased 
sales of print and marketing services and facilities supplies.

2015 Compared with 2014

Sales  decreased  11.0%  for  2015  compared  to  2014.  The 
decrease  was  driven  by  approximately  a  5%  unfavorable 
impact from store closures, a 4% decline in comparable store 
sales  resulting  from  a  lower  average  order  size  and  lower 
customer  traffic  and  a  3%  negative  impact  from  changes  in 
foreign  exchange  rates.  Declines  in  computers  and  mobility, 
and  business  machines  and  technology  accessories  were 
partially  offset  by  increased  sales  of  print  and  marketing 
services, and facilities supplies.

Business  unit  income  as  a  percentage  of  sales  was  4.8% 
for  2016  and  5.3%  for  2015.  The  decrease  was  driven  by 
an  unfavorable  impact  of  lower  sales  on  fixed  expenses, 
partly  offset  by  increased  product  margin  rate  and  reduced 
marketing expense.

Business unit income as a percentage of sales decreased to 
5.3%  for  2015  from  5.4%  for  2014.  The  negative  impact  of 
lower sales on fixed expenses was partially offset by increased 
product  margin  rate,  reduced  labor  primarily  as  a  result  of 
store closures and lower incentive compensation expense.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT 
ESTIMATES

Our  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance 
with U.S. GAAP and are based on the application of significant 
accounting  policies  (see  Note  A  -  Summary  of  Significant 
Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).  Preparation  of 
requires 
management  to  make  significant  judgments  and  estimates. 
We  believe  that  the  following  are  the  most  critical  judgment 
areas in the application of our accounting policies that currently 
affect our financial condition and results of operations.

these  statements 

Inventory:  We  record  inventory  at  the  lower  of  weighted-
average  cost  or  market  value.  We  reserve  for  obsolete, 
overstocked  and  inactive  inventory  based  on  the  difference 
between the weighted-average cost of the inventory and the 
estimated market value using assumptions of future demand 
and market conditions. To estimate the required reserve, we 
consider  factors  such  as  age  of  the  inventory,  the  nature  of 
the products, the quantity of items on-hand relative to sales 
trends, current market prices and trends in pricing, our ability 
to use excess supply in another channel, historical write-offs, 
expected residual values or other recoveries, contractual terms 
related to and historical experience with returns to vendors, and 
new product introductions and other developments in industry. 
If actual demand or market conditions are less favorable than 
those projected by management, additional reserves may be 
required. However, past experience has shown little variability 
in  reserve  estimates,  and  we  do  not  believe  that  deviations 
from  our  current  estimates  and  assumptions  will  have  a 
material impact upon our financial statements in the future.

Purchase and Advertising Rebates: We earn rebates from our 
vendors,  which  are  based  on  various  quantitative  contract 
terms  that  can  be  complex  and  subject  to  interpretation. 

Amounts expected to be received from vendors that relate to 
the  purchase  of  merchandise  inventories  are  recognized  as 
a reduction of inventory cost and realized as part of cost of 
goods sold as the merchandise is sold. Amounts that represent 
reimbursement for specific, incremental costs we incur related 
to  selling  a  vendor’s  products,  such  as  advertising,  are 
recorded as an offset to those costs when they are recognized 
in our consolidated statement of income. Several controls are 
in place, including direct confirmation with vendors, which we 
believe allows us to monitor that these amounts are recorded 
in accordance with the terms of the contracts.

Past  experience  has  shown  little  variability  in  purchase  and 
advertising  rebate  estimates,  no  collectibility  issues  and  no 
significant  write-off  history.  Given  the  historical  accuracy  of 
our  estimates,  we  believe  that  a  significant  change  in  our 
estimates is not likely.

Impairment  of  Goodwill:  See  our  accounting  policy  related 
to  testing  goodwill  for  impairment  in  Note  A  -  Summary  of 
Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

As noted in Note O - Segment Reporting, in the fourth quarter 
of 2016 we changed our reportable segments as a result of an 
organizational realignment related to our 20/20 strategic plan. 
The  realignment  also  resulted  in  changes  for  our  reporting 
units.  For  our  annual  goodwill  impairment  test  performed  in 
the fourth quarter of 2016, we first performed a test based on 
the preexisting reporting unit structure, and then to the extent 
goodwill  balances  remained  after  that  test,  we  performed  a 
second test based on the new reporting unit structure.

B-8  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)impairment  charges 

recognized  goodwill 

totaling 
We 
$1.4  billion  in  2016.  Of  this  amount,  $630  million  was 
recorded  in  the  second  quarter  of  2016  in  connection  with 
an  interim  impairment  test  for  our  Europe  Delivery  reporting 
unit  (and  is  reflected  in  results  of  discontinued  operations  in 
the consolidated statement of income), and $748 million was 
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016 in connection with our 
annual impairment test (charges include $628 million related 
to our US Stores & Online reporting unit, $72 million related 
to  our  China  reporting  unit,  and  $48  million  related  to  our 
Australia  reporting  unit).  We  had  previously  disclosed  that 
these  reporting  units  were  at  an  increased  risk  of  a  future 
impairment  charge.  Our  goodwill  impairment  testing  during 
2016  incorporated  a  significant  amount  of  judgment  on  the 
part  of  management,  including  significant  estimates  and 
assumptions  relating  to  identification  of  interim  impairment 
indicators. See Note C - Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets in 
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the key 
factors underlying these charges.

In  the  first  step  of  the  impairment  test,  we  determined  the 
fair  value  of  our  reporting  units  using  a  combination  of  the 
income  and  market  approaches,  specifically  the  discounted 
cash  flow  (“DCF”)  and  guideline  public  company  methods. 
Key  judgments  made  by  management  in  step  one  included 
developing long-term projections for rates of sales growth and 
profitability, selection of guideline companies and appropriate 
market  multiples,  and  discount  rates.  The  fair  values  of  our 
reporting  units  are  based  on  underlying  assumptions  that 
represent  our  best  estimates.  Many  of  the  factors  used  in 
assessing fair value are outside of the control of management. 
To  validate  the  reasonableness  of  our  reporting  units’ 
estimated fair values, we reconcile the aggregate fair values of 
our reporting units to our total market capitalization.

In  the  second  step  of  the  impairment  test,  we  assigned 
the  reporting  unit’s  fair  value  to  its  individual  assets  and 
liabilities, including any unrecognized assets or liabilities, in a 
hypothetical  analysis  that  calculates  the  implied  fair  value  of 
goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being 
acquired  in  a  business  combination.  If  the  implied  fair  value 
of the reporting unit’s goodwill is less than the carrying value, 
the difference is recorded as an impairment charge. The fair 
value estimates incorporated in step two for intangible assets 
were primarily based on the income approach, specifically the 
multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods. 
For real property, we used a combination of the income and 
market  approaches  to  determine  fair  value.  For  leasehold 
interests,  we  used  the  income  approach  to  determine  fair 
value.  Key  judgments  made  by  management  in  step  two  of 
the impairment test included customer attrition rates, market-
based royalty rates, and market comparables for real property 
and leasehold interests.

As  of  the  end  of  2016,  we  had  $1.3  billion  of  goodwill 
remaining on our balance sheet, which primarily relates to our 
North American Delivery reporting unit. In connection with our 
impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2016, we concluded 
that the fair value of the North American Delivery reporting unit 
exceeded  its  carrying  value  by  a  significant  amount  (under 
both  the  preexisting  and  new  reporting  unit  structures).  The 
following are key factors that could potentially result in future 
impairment charges for these reporting units:

APPENDIX B

• Deterioration in macroeconomic or industry conditions

• A failure to manage our businesses successfully

• A sustained and significant decline in our stock price

Impairment  of  Long-Lived  Assets:  We  evaluate  long-lived 
assets for impairment on a held-for-use basis whenever events 
and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset 
may  not  be  recoverable.  In  2016  we  recorded  impairment 
charges related to assets held for use of $35 million related 
to assets at North American retail stores, $27 million related 
to assets at European retail stores, and $30 million related to 
a  customer-based  intangible  asset  in  Europe.  The  charges 
related  to  Europe  are  reflected  in  results  of  discontinued 
operations in the consolidated statement of income.

Our policy is to evaluate long-lived assets for impairment at the 
lowest level for which there are clearly identifiable cash flows 
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets 
and  liabilities.  Recoverability  is  measured  based  upon  the 
estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated 
from  the  use  of  an  asset  plus  any  net  proceeds  expected 
to  be  realized  upon  its  eventual  disposition.  Our  cash  flow 
projections are based on historical cash flows and our latest 
forecasts and projections. An impairment loss is recognized if 
an asset’s carrying value is not recoverable and if it exceeds 
its fair value.

We  estimate  the  undiscounted  cash  flows  that  will  be 
generated over the asset’s remaining useful life, or, in the case 
of an asset group, over the remaining useful life of the primary 
asset from which the group derives its cash flow generating 
capacity.  Upon  the  occurrence  of  indicators  of  impairment, 
we reassess the remaining useful life of the asset or primary 
asset in the case of an asset group. The projections, estimates 
and assumptions reflected in our long-lived asset impairment 
testing  require  a  significant  degree  of  judgment  on  the  part 
of management.

For retail store impairment testing, in general we consider the 
individual  store  to  be  the  lowest  level  at  which  to  test  store 
assets for impairment. For stores that have been approved for 
closure, we estimate future cash flows to be generated by the 
stores through their planned closure dates. For other stores, 
we  estimate  future  cash  flows  over  the  stores’  remaining 
lease  terms,  or  if  the  store  is  owned,  over  the  remaining 
depreciable  life  of  the  building.  Forecasting  future  sales  and 
profitability  for  an  individual  store,  in  some  cases  over  long 
periods,  requires  a  significant  amount  of  judgment.  If  actual 
results  are  less  favorable  than  management’s  projections, 
estimates and assumptions, additional write-offs in the future 
may be necessary.

For  stores  or  other  assets  that  failed  the  recoverability  test, 
we  measured  the  fair  value  of  the  impaired  assets  using 
the  income  approach,  specifically  the  discounted  cash  flow 
method,  which  incorporated  Level  3  inputs  as  defined  in 
Accounting  Standards  Codification  (“ASC”)  Topic  820  Fair 
Value  Measurement  (“ASC  Topic  820”).  We  considered  the 
expected  net  cash  flows  to  be  generated  by  the  use  of  the 
assets over the remaining useful life of the primary asset, as 
well  as  the  expected  cash  proceeds  from  the  disposition  of 
the assets, if any.

  STAPLES  B-9 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

Income Taxes: The amount of income taxes we pay is subject 
to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, 
which may result in proposed assessments. Our estimate for 
the  potential  outcome  for  any  uncertain  tax  issue  is  highly 
judgmental. We assess our income tax positions and record 
tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon 
our  evaluation  of  the  facts,  circumstances  and  information 
available  at  the  reporting  date.  For  those  tax  positions 
for  which  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  a  tax  benefit  will  be 
sustained, we record the largest amount of tax benefit likely of 
being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has 
full knowledge of all relevant information. Interest is accrued, 
where  applicable.  We  recognize  net  tax-related  interest  and 
penalties  in  income  tax  expense.  If  we  do  not  believe  that 
it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, 
no tax benefit is recognized. However, our future results may 
include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated 

tax  liabilities  due  to  closure  of  income  tax  examinations, 
new regulatory or judicial pronouncements, the expiration of 
statutes of limitations, or other relevant events. As a result, our 
effective tax rate may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly and 
annual basis.

We record deferred income tax assets for timing differences 
related to tax payments. We record a valuation allowance to 
reduce  our  deferred  income  tax  assets  to  the  amount  that 
is  more  likely  than  not  to  be  realized.  We  have  considered 
estimated  future  taxable  income  and  ongoing  tax  planning 
strategies  in  assessing  the  amount  needed  for  the  valuation 
allowance.  If  actual  results  differ  unfavorably  from  those 
estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or part of our 
net  deferred  tax  assets  and  additional  valuation  allowances 
may be required.

DEFINITION OF COMPARABLE SALES

Comparable sales represents a comparison of sales in the current period with sales in the corresponding period in the prior year 
excluding the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, store closures, and foreign currency translation.

DEFINITION OF COMPARABLE STORE SALES

Comparable store sales represents a comparison of sales for 
a particular store in the current period with sales for that same 
store  in  the  corresponding  period  in  the  prior  year.  Stores 
become comparable as of the beginning of the 13th full fiscal 
month in which they are open. For stores that we close, the 
stores remain comparable through their last full fiscal monthly 
period of sales. For relocations, if the new store location opens 
within four days of the closure of the old location, and within 
a  five  mile  radius  of  the  old  location,  then  the  sales  for  the 

new location are compared with the sales for the old location; 
otherwise, the old location is treated as a closure and the new 
location is treated as an opening of a new store. For foreign 
locations,  comparable  stores  sales  exclude  the  impact  of 
foreign  currency  translation.  Comparable  store  sales  figures 
exclude  online  sales.  Transactions  at  in-store  kiosks  are 
included in comparable store sales if payment is made through 
the Company’s point-of-sale systems.

RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING 
PRONOUNCEMENTS

See Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of 
recently adopted accounting pronouncements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Cash Flows

2016 Compared to 2015

Cash  provided  by  operations  was  $934  million  for  2016 
compared to $978 million for 2015, a decrease of $44 million. 
The  decrease  was  primarily  driven  by  unfavorable  changes 
in  operating  assets  and  liabilities,  partly  offset  by  increased 
net  income  adjusted  for  non-cash  and  non-operating  items. 
Cash provided by operations for 2016 reflects the payment of 

the $250 million merger termination fee to Office Depot, and 
the payment of $88 million of interest and fees related to the 
financing  agreements  associated  with  the  proposed  merger, 
partly  offset  by  approximately  $130  million  of  cash  savings 
attributable to tax benefits related to these items.

B-10  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

Cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  $311  million  for  2016 
compared to $374 million for 2015, a decrease of $63 million. 
Capital  spending  decreased  by  $126  million  year-over-year, 
resulting from narrowing our focus for spending on strategic 
priorities and timing of expenditures. In 2016 we received a net 
$83 million of cash related to the sale of SPS, which was partly 
offset by the impact of a $28 million outflow related to cash 
on-hand at the time of the closing of the sale of our UK Retail 
business.  In  2016,  we  spent  $44  million  to  acquire  Capital 
Office Products, a component of our North American Delivery 
segment, which compares with $22 million spent in 2015 to 
acquire  three  small  businesses.  Also  in  2016,  in  connection 
with  financing  arrangements  associated  with  our  proposed 

2015 Compared to 2014

acquisition  of  Office  Depot,  we  transferred  $66  million  of 
cash  into  escrow  accounts,  which  was  disbursed  directly 
to  the  lenders  and  underwriters  as  payment  of  interest  and 
fees incurred.

Cash  used  in  financing  activities  was  $318  million  for  2016 
compared to $378 million for 2015, a decrease of $60 million. 
The  decrease  was  primarily  attributable  to  higher  debt 
repayments  in  2015.  We  paid  quarterly  cash  dividends  of 
$0.12  per  share  in  both  2016  and  2015  for  an  aggregate 
payment of $311 million in 2016 compared with $308 million 
in 2015.

Cash  provided  by  operations  was  $978  million  for  2015 
compared to $1.04 billion for 2014. The $65 million decrease 
was  driven  by  lower  net  income  adjusted  for  non-cash 
expenses,  partly  offset  by  favorable  changes  in  operating 
assets and liabilities.

Cash  used  in  investing  activities  was  $374  million  for  2015 
compared to $375 million for 2014, a decrease of $1 million. 
Capital  spending  increased  by  $20  million  year-over-year, 
primarily  due  to  investments  in  our  online  businesses  and 
investments  aimed  at  improving  the  productivity  of  existing 
stores. In 2015, we spent a net $22 million to acquire three 
small businesses, which compares with $78 million spent in 

2014 for the acquisition of two small businesses. In 2015 and 
2014 we received net proceeds of $29 million and $64 million, 
respectively, related to the sale of businesses and other assets.

Cash  used  in  financing  activities  was  $378  million  for  2015 
compared to $493 million for 2014, a decrease of $115 million. 
As a result of cash planning related to our proposed acquisition 
of Office Depot, we did not repurchase any shares under our 
share  repurchase  plan  in  2015,  whereas  in  2014  we  spent 
$189  million  to  repurchase  15.3  million  shares.  We  paid 
quarterly  cash  dividends  of  $0.12  per  share  in  both  2015 
and 2014 for an aggregate payment of $308 million in 2015 
compared with $307 million in 2014.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

A summary, as of January 28, 2017, of our contractual obligations and balances available under credit agreements is presented 
below (amounts in millions). The amounts relate to continuing operations unless otherwise noted.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial 
Commitments (1)(2)(6)
January 2018 Notes (5)
January 2023 Notes (5)
November 2021 Revolving Credit Facility
Other lines of credit
Other notes and capital leases
Total (5)
Interest payments
Operating leases (3)

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations (7)

Purchase obligations (4)
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations

Total

(1) 

(2) 

Available 
Credit
$—
—
1,000
76
—
$1,076
—

—
—

—
—
$1,076

Total 
Outstanding 
Obligations
$500
500
—
1
51
$1,052
$145

Less than 
1 Year
$500
—
—
1
21
$522
$36

2,024
202

460
6
$3,889

559
47

264
5
$1,433

Payments Due By Period

1-3 Years
$—
—
—
—
29
$29
$44

780
67

113
1
$1,034

3-5 Years
$—
—
—
—
1
$1
$44

More than 
5 Years
$—
500
—
—
—
$500
$21

427
39

51
—
$562

258
49

32
—
$860

 See Note J - Income Taxes in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to our unrecognized 
tax benefits.

 The  above  table  excludes  expected  future  contributions  to  our  pension  and  post-retirement  benefit  plans.  See  Note  L  - 
Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details about 
these future contributions. 

  STAPLES  B-11 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

 The operating lease payments reported above do not include common area maintenance or real estate taxes, which are 
expected to approximate 30% of the related operating lease payments. Utility costs related to leased facilities have also 
been excluded from this table because the payments do not represent contractual obligations until the services have been 
provided. Future annual minimum payments include restructuring-related obligations as of January 28, 2017.

 Many of our purchase commitments may be canceled by us without advance notice or payment, and we have excluded such 
commitments, along with intercompany commitments. Contracts that may be terminated by us without cause or penalty but 
require advance notice for termination are valued on the basis of an estimate of what we would owe under the contract upon 
providing notice of termination. 

 See Note G - Debt and Credit Agreements in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to 
our $500 million 2.75% senior notes due January 2018 (“January 2018 Notes”) and $500 million 4.375% senior notes due 
January 2023 (“January 2023 Notes”). The amounts shown in the table above represent the par value of the debt obligations. 
The funds provided by these issuances were used for general corporate purposes.

 As of January 28, 2017, Staples had open standby letters of credit totaling $89 million. 

 Staples  guarantees  certain  lease  obligations  of  its  divested  retail  business  in  the  United  Kingdom.  The  underlying  lease 
obligations  are  not  reflected  in  the  table  above,  since  Staples  is  not  the  primary  obligor  for  these  leases.  See  Note  D  - 
Discontinued Operations in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to these 
commitments.

There were no instances of default during 2016 under any of our debt agreements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements

We do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements as of January 28, 2017, nor did we utilize any during 2016.

Sources of Liquidity

To  cover  seasonal  fluctuations  in  cash  flows  and  to  support 
our  initiatives,  we  use  cash  generated  from  operations  and 
borrowings  available  under  various  credit  facilities  and  a 
commercial paper program. As of January 28, 2017, we had 
$2.2  billion  in  total  cash  and  funds  available  through  credit 
agreements, which consisted of $1.1 billion of available credit 
and $1.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents. 

Of the $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents, approximately 
$713  million  is  held  at  entities  located  in  jurisdictions 
outside  the  United  States  and  for  which  there  could  be  tax 
consequences  if  such  amounts  were  moved  out  of  these 
jurisdictions or repatriated to the United States. Of the amount 
held  outside  the  United  States,  approximately  $129  million 
was disposed of in connection with the sale of a controlling 
interest  in  our  European  operations  on  February  27,  2017 
(representing $182 million of cash on-hand, net of $53 million 
of  cash  proceeds  received  from  the  buyer  -  see  Note  D  - 
Discontinued Operations). Certain of our foreign subsidiaries 
may be able to remit cash to the United States in the future 
without  a  tax  cost.  We  currently  intend  to  use  most  of  any 
remaining cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United 
States to finance the obligations and current operations of our 
foreign  businesses.  The  determination  of  the  amount  of  the 
unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the undistributed 
earnings  is  not  practicable  because  of  the  complexities 
associated with its hypothetical calculation.

On  November  22,  2016,  we  entered  into  a  new  credit 
agreement  with  Bank  of  America,  N.A.,  as  Administrative 
Agent  and  the  other  lending  institutions  named  therein  (the 
“November  2021  Revolving  Credit  Facility”).  The  new  credit 
facility  provides  for  a  maximum  borrowing  of  $1  billion, 

which pursuant to an accordion feature may be increased to 
$1.5 billion upon our request and the agreement of the lenders 
participating in the increase. Amounts borrowed may be repaid 
and reborrowed from time to time until November 22, 2021. 
The new credit facility replaces the credit agreement dated as 
of May 31, 2013, which provided for a maximum borrowing 
of  $1.0  billion  and  was  due  to  expire  in  May  2018.  As  of 
November 22, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under 
the prior credit agreement, and the Company did not borrow 
under the new credit facility during 2016. See Note G - Debt 
and  Credit  Agreements  in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information related to our 
new credit facility.

We have a commercial paper program that allows us to issue 
up  to  $1  billion  of  unsecured  commercial  paper  notes  from 
time  to  time,  and  for  which  our  $1  billion  revolving  credit 
facility  serves  as  a  back-up.  Borrowings  outstanding  under 
our commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity 
available under our revolving credit facility by a commensurate 
amount.  The  maximum  amount  outstanding  under  the 
commercial  paper  program  during  2016  was  $188  million. 
As  of  January  28,  2017,  there  was  no  commercial  paper 
outstanding. See Note G - Debt and Credit Agreements in the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional 
information related to our commercial paper program.

We also have various other lines of credit under which we may 
currently  borrow  a  maximum  of  $76  million.  At  January  28, 
2017, we had outstanding borrowings and letters of credit of 
$1 million, leaving $75 million of available credit at that date. 
During 2016 we entered into new capital lease obligations of 
$34 million. 

B-12  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

We expect that our cash generated from operations, together 
with our current cash, funds available under our existing credit 
agreements and other alternative sources of financing, will be 
sufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures, obligations 

transformation 
associated  with  our 
initiatives, and other operating cash needs for at least the next 
twelve months.

restructuring  and 

Uses of Capital

We did not repurchase any shares under our share repurchase 
program in 2016. The remaining authorization under our existing 
share repurchase program is $373 million. We plan to balance 
our  allocation  of  capital  for  open-market  share  repurchases 
with allocations for merger and acquisition opportunities.

We consider many types of acquisitions for their strategic and 
other  benefits.  We  plan  to  focus  on  acquisitions  of  contract 
stationers,  business-to-business  service  providers  and 
companies specializing in categories beyond office supplies.

We  are  committed  to  maintaining  our  current  quarterly 
dividend  of  $0.12  per  share.  We  paid  quarterly  dividends  of 
$0.12 per share during 2016, 2015 and 2014. While it is our 
intention to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends for 2017 
and  beyond,  any  decision  to  pay  future  cash  dividends  will 
be made by our Board of Directors and will depend upon our 
earnings, financial condition and other factors.

We  expect  a  moderate  increase  in  capital  spending  in 
2017 compared to 2016 in part due to spending for certain 
projects being deferred from 2016 to 2017, and in part due to 
investments to support our Staples 20/20 strategy. We expect 
that operating cash flows will be the primary source of funds 
for our capital expenditures.

INFLATION AND SEASONALITY

While neither inflation nor deflation has had, nor do we expect 
them  to  have,  a  material  impact  upon  our  consolidated 
operating  results,  we  may  see  price  increases  in  certain 
categories  from  time  to  time.  Our  business  is  somewhat 

seasonal, with sales and profitability historically higher during 
the second half of our fiscal year due to the back-to-school 
and January back-to-business seasons.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES 
ABOUT MARKET RISKS

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates 
and  foreign  exchange  rates.  We  have  a  risk  management 
control  process  to  monitor  our  interest  rate  and  foreign 

exchange risks. The risk management process uses analytical 
techniques,  including  market  value,  sensitivity  analysis  and 
value at risk estimates.

Interest Rate Risk

At January 28, 2017, we did not have any material variable rate debt obligations. 

Foreign Currency Risk

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks through our business 
operations and investments in subsidiaries in Canada, Europe, 
Australia, South America and Asia. The currencies for which 
we  have  the  most  significant  exposure  to  exchange  rate 
fluctuations include the Canadian Dollar, the Australian Dollar 
and the Chinese Renminbi. We expect our exposure related to 
the Euro, British Pound Sterling, Norwegian Krone, and other 
European  currencies  will  decrease  significantly  in  the  future 
compared  with  2016  and  prior  periods,  given  the  disposal 
of  our  European  operations  in  fourth  quarter  of  2016  and 
February 2017.

Revenue and expense transactions in our foreign subsidiaries 
are  primarily  denominated  in  the  respective  local  currencies. 
The  income  statements  of  our  international  operations  are 
translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in 
each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar weakens 
against  foreign  currencies,  the  translation  of  these  foreign 
increased 
currency-denominated 
transactions 
revenues  and  operating  expenses 
international 
operations. Conversely, our revenues and operating expenses 
will  decrease  for  our  international  operations  when  the  U.S. 
dollar  strengthens  against  foreign  currencies.  While  the 

results 
for  our 

in 

  STAPLES  B-13 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued)APPENDIX B

from  our 

matching  of  local  currency  revenues  and  local  currency 
expenses provides in effect a natural hedge, such matching 
does  not  completely  reduce  the  foreign  currency  exchange 
rate  exposure.  Revenues 
foreign  operations 
accounted  for  approximately  14%  and  15%  of  revenues  for 
combined continuing operations and discontinued operations 
in 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a result of the disposal of 
our European operations, which accounted for 10% of such 
combined revenues in 2016, we expect that foreign currency 
translation  risk  for  our  consolidated  financial  statements 
related to the Euro and other European currencies will be lower 
in future periods compared with 2016 and prior periods.

The conversion of our foreign subsidiaries’ financial statements 
into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation gain or loss which is 
recorded  as  a  component  of  Other  comprehensive  income 
(loss)  in  stockholders’  equity.  We  recorded  consolidated 
foreign currency translation gains of $25 million in 2016 and 
losses of $132 million in 2015. In addition, certain of our foreign 
subsidiaries have assets and liabilities that are denominated in 
currencies other than the relevant entity’s functional currency. 
Changes  in  the  functional  currency  value  of  these  assets 

and liabilities will result in a transaction gain or loss. In 2016, 
our foreign currency transaction net gain was de minimis. In 
2015, we recorded foreign currency transaction net losses of 
$4 million, which are recorded in Other income (expense), net 
in our consolidated statement of income.

Our  international  businesses  are  subject  to  risks,  including, 
but  not  limited  to  differing  economic  conditions,  changes  in 
political climate, differing tax structures, and other regulations 
and  restrictions,  all  of  which  may  influence  foreign  currency 
exchange  rate  volatility.  Accordingly,  our  future  results  could 
be materially adversely impacted by changes in these or other 
factors.  As  exchange  rates  vary,  our  international  financial 
results may vary from expectations and adversely impact our 
overall operating results.

In  accordance  with  our  risk  management  policies,  we  use 
derivative instruments on a limited basis to hedge our foreign 
currency exposures. As of January 28, 2017 and January 30, 
2016,  we  had  no  outstanding  foreign  currency  derivative 
agreements designated as hedges.

B-14  STAPLES  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESManagement’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) i APPENDIX C

ITEM 8
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Balance Sheets - January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016
Consolidated Statements of Income - Fiscal years ended 
January 28 2017, January 30, 2016 and January 31, 2015
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Fiscal years ended 
January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016 and January 31, 2015
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity - Fiscal years ended 
January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016 and January 31, 2015
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Fiscal years ended January 28, 2017, 
January 30, 2016 and January 31, 2015
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Page
C-2
C-3

C-4

C-5

C-6

C-8
C-9
C-44

  STAPLES  C-1 

APPEndix C

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC 
ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Staples, Inc.

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance 
sheets  of  Staples,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries  as  of  January  28, 
2017  and  January  30,  2016,  and  the  related  consolidated 
statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended January 28, 2017. Our audits also included the financial 
statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) 2. These 
financial statements and this schedule are the responsibility of 
the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based 
on our audits.

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards 
of  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight  Board  (United 
States).  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement.  An 
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting 
the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  An 
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used 
and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well 
as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement  presentation. 
We  believe  that  our  audits  provide  a  reasonable  basis  for 
our opinion.

In  our  opinion,  the  financial  statements  referred  to  above 
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial 
position of Staples, Inc. and subsidiaries at January 28, 2017 
and  January  30,  2016,  and  the  consolidated  results  of  their 
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in 
the period ended January 28, 2017, in conformity with U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, 
the related financial statement schedule, when considered in 
relation  to  the  basic  financial  statements  taken  as  a  whole, 
present  fairly  in  all  material  respects  the  information  set 
forth therein.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), 
Staples,  Inc.’s  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of 
January  28,  2017,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal 
Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee  of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 
framework), and our report dated March 9, 2017 expressed an 
adverse opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
March 9, 2017

C-2  STAPLES  Form 10-K

ASSETS
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents
Receivables, net
Merchandise inventories, net
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Current assets of discontinued operations

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization
Goodwill
Other assets
Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Debt maturing within one year
Current liabilities of discontinued operations

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt
Other long-term obligations
Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations

Stockholders’ equity:

Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued
Common stock, $.0006 par value, 2,100,000,000 shares authorized; issued 

and outstanding 953,711,270 and 652,470,081 shares at January 28, 2017 
and 946,964,792 and 645,723,603 shares at January 30, 2016

Additional paid-in capital
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Retained earnings
Less: Treasury stock at cost, 301,241,189 shares at January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016

Total Staples, Inc. stockholders’ equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total stockholders’ equity
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

$1,137
1,538
1,737
251
568
5,231

1,147

205
1,290
398
—
$8,271

$1,706
1,023
519
402
3,650

529
396
—

—

1
5,067
(1,053)
5,092
(5,419)
3,688
8
3,696
$8,271

$825
1,543
1,791
273
680
5,112

1,286

235
2,032
497
1,010
$10,172

$1,685
1,160
15
405
3,265

1,016
441
66

—

1
5,010
(1,116)
6,900
(5,419)
5,376
8
5,384
$10,172

  STAPLES  C-3 

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Balance Sheets(Dollar Amounts in Millions, Except Share Data)Sales
Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative
Merger termination fee
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
Restructuring charges
Amortization of intangibles

Total operating expenses

(Loss) gain on sale of businesses and assets, net

Operating (loss) income

Other income (expense):

Interest income
Interest expense
Loss on early extinguishment of debt
Other income (expense), net

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes
Income tax expense

(Loss) income from continuing operations

Discontinued operations:

Pretax (loss) income of discontinued operations
Loss recognized on classification as held for sale
Loss on sale
Total pretax (loss) income of discontinued operations

Income tax (benefit) expense
(Loss) income from discontinued 
operations, net of income taxes

Net (loss) income

Basic Earnings per share
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations
Diluted Earnings per Share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Dividends declared per common share

January 28, 2017
$18,247
13,489
4,758

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016
$18,764
13,857
4,907

January 31, 2015
$19,684
14,646
5,038

3,845
250
783
38
51
4,967

(55)

(264)

6
(81)
(26)
13
(352)
107
(459)

(700)
(231)
(114)
(1,045)
(7)

(1,038)

3,993
—
37
105
54
4,189

(5)

713

3
(139)
—
(13)
564
102
462

(72)
—
—
(72)
11

(83)

4,096
—
469
158
48
4,771

29

296

2
(48)
—
3
253
128
125

15
—
—
15
5

10

$(1,497)

$379

$135

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$0.48

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$0.48

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

$0.48

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

C-4  STAPLES  Form 10-K

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Income(Dollar Amounts in Millions, Except Share Data)Consolidated net (loss) income

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Disposal of foreign business, net
Settlements and curtailments of pension and 

other post-retirement obligations

Deferred pension and other post-retirement benefit costs, net

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Consolidated comprehensive (loss) income

January 28, 2017
$(1,497)

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016
$379

January 31, 2015
$135

25
6

23
9
63
$(1,434)

(132)
—

—
57
(75)
$304

(403)
(1)

—
(130)
(534)
$(399)

  STAPLES  C-5 

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income(Dollar Amounts in Millions)Equity Attributed to Staples, Inc.

Outstanding 
Common 
Stock
653

Common 
Stock
$1

Additional 
Paid-In  
Capital
$4,866

Accumulated 
Other  
Comprehensive 
Loss
$(507)

Retained 
Earnings
$7,001

Treasury 
Stock
$(5,229)

Non- 
controlling 
Interests
$8

Total 
Stockholders’  
Equity
$6,141

1

—
—

3
—
—
—
(17)
—
$640

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
$1

11

(27)
64

38
—
—
—
(18)
1
$4,935

—

—
—

—

—
—

—

—
—

—
—
—
(534)
—
—
$(1,041)

—
135
(307)
—
—
—
$6,829

—
—
—
—
(190)
—
$(5,419)

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
$8

11

(27)
64

38
135
(307)
(534)
(208)
1
$5,313

Balances at February 1, 2014
Issuance of common stock 
for stock options exercised

Net tax expense related 
to shortfall on exercise 
of stock options

Stock-based compensation
Sale of common stock under 

employee stock purchase plan

Net income for the year
Common stock dividend
Other comprehensive loss
Repurchase of common stock
Other
Balances at January 31, 2015

C-6  STAPLES  Form 10-K

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity(Dollar and Share Amounts in Millions)Issuance of common stock 
for stock options exercised
Shares issued upon grant of 

Restricted Stock Awards and 
vesting of Restricted Stock 
Units, net of forfeitures
Net tax expense related 
to shortfall on exercise 
of stock options

Stock-based compensation
Sale of common stock under 

employee stock purchase plan

Net income for the year
Common stock dividend
Other comprehensive loss
Repurchase of common stock
Other
Balances at January 30, 2016
Shares issued upon grant of 

Restricted Stock Awards and 
vesting of Restricted Stock 
Units, net of forfeitures
Net tax expense related 
to shortfall on exercise 
of stock options

Stock-based compensation
Sale of common stock under 

employee stock purchase plan

Net income for the year
Common stock dividend
Other comprehensive loss
Repurchase of common stock
Balances at January 28, 2017

Equity Attributed to Staples, Inc.

Outstanding 
Common 
Stock

Common 
Stock

Additional 
Paid-In  
Capital

Accumulated 
Other  
Comprehensive 
 Loss

Retained 
Earnings

Treasury 
Stock

Non- 
controlling 
Interests

Total 
Stockholders’ 
Equity

1

3

—
—

3
—
—
—
(1)
—
646

3

—
—

4
—
—
—
—
653

$—

$7

$—

$—

$—

$—

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
$1

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
$1

—

(6)
63

34
—
—
—
(24)
1
$5,010

—

(21)
61

30
—
—
—
(13)
$5,067

—

—
—

—

—
—

—

—
—

—
—
—
(75)
—
—
$(1,116)

—
379
(308)
—
—
—
$6,900

—
—
—
—
—
—
$(5,419)

—

—
—

—

—
—

—

—
—

—
—
— (1,497)
(311)
—
63
—
—
—
$(1,053)
$5,092

—
—
—
—
—
$(5,419)

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
—
$8

—

—
—

—
—
—
—
—
$8

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

$7

—

(6)
63

34
379
(308)
(75)
(24)
1
$5,384

—

(21)
61

30
(1,497)
(311)
63
(13)
$3,696

  STAPLES  C-7 

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (continued)(Dollar and Share Amounts in Millions)Operating Activities:

Net (loss) income
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities:

$(1,497)

$379

$135

Fiscal Year Ended

January 28, 2017 January 30, 2016 January 31, 2015

Depreciation
Amortization of intangibles
Loss (gain) on sale of businesses and assets, net
Interest and fees paid from restricted cash account, net
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
Inventory write-downs related to restructuring activities
Stock-based compensation
Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements
Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
Other
Changes in assets and liabilities:

Decrease (increase) in receivables
Decrease in merchandise inventories
Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses and other assets
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable
(Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities
(Decrease) increase in other long-term obligations

Net cash provided by operating activities

Investing Activities:

Acquisition of property and equipment
Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment
Sale of businesses, net
Increase in restricted cash
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired
Cost method investments

Net cash used in investing activities

Financing Activities:

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and sale of 

stock under employee stock purchase plans

Proceeds from borrowings
Payments on borrowings, including payment of deferred 

financing fees and capital lease obligations

Cash dividends paid
Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements
Repurchase of common stock

Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
Add: Cash and cash equivalents attributed to disposal 

group held for sale at February 1, 2014

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period

378
58
168
66
1,700
—
61
—
57
19

21
63
34
4
(140)
(58)
934

(255)
14
55
(66)
(44)
(15)
(311)

30
187

(211)
(311)
—
(13)
(318)
7
312
825
1,137

—
$1,137

388
67
5
—
50
1
63
(5)
28
11

(19)
18
(41)
63
110
(140)
978

(381)
27
2
—
(22)
—
(374)

41
7

(99)
(308)
5
(24)
(378)
(28)
198
627
825

—
$825

405
62
(27)
—
470
26
64
(1)
(49)
12

(184)
62
138
(59)
(24)
13
1,043

(361)
5
59
—
(78)
—
(375)

49
23

(50)
(307)
1
(208)
(493)
(48)
127
492
619

8
$627

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

C-8  STAPLES  Form 10-K

APPENDIX CSTAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESConsolidated Statements of Cash Flows(Dollar Amounts in Millions)Appendix C

NOTE A — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES

Nature of Operations: Staples, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Staples” 
or “the Company”) is a world-class provider of products and 
services  that  serve  the  needs  of  business  customers  and 
consumers. Through its delivery and retail capabilities, Staples 
lets  customers  shop  however  and  whenever  they  want, 
whether it’s in-store, online or on mobile devices. The Company 
has two reportable segments - North American Delivery and 
North American Retail (see Note O - Segment Reporting).

As  discussed  in  Note  D  -  Discontinued  Operations,  the 
Company’s European operations are presented as discontinued 
operations  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The 
Company  also  has  operations  in  Australia,  Asia,  and  South 
America,  which  are  included  in  the  Other  category  in  the 
Company’s segment reporting.

Unless  otherwise  stated,  any  reference  to  the  consolidated 
statement of income in the notes to the consolidated financial 
statements refers to results from continuing operations.

Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements 
include the accounts of Staples, Inc. and its wholly and majority 
owned  subsidiaries.  All  material  intercompany  accounts  and 
transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

Fiscal Year: Staples’ fiscal year is the 52 weeks or 53 weeks 
ending on the Saturday closest to January 31. Fiscal year 2016 
(“2016”) consisted of the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2017, 
fiscal  year  2015  (“2015”)  consisted  of  the  52  weeks  ended 
January 30, 2016 and fiscal year 2014 (“2014”) consisted of 
the 52 weeks ended January 31, 2015.

Use  of  Estimates:  The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in 
conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted 
in  the  United  States  of  America  (“U.S.  GAAP”)  requires 
management of Staples to make estimates and assumptions 
that  affect  the  amounts  reported  in  the  financial  statements 
and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ  from 
those estimates.

Cash  Equivalents:  Staples  considers  all  highly 
liquid 
investments with an original maturity of three months or less to 
be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents also include amounts 
due from third-party financial institutions for credit and debit 
card  transactions.  These  receivables  are  typically  settled  in 
less than 3 days.

Receivables:  Receivables  include  trade  receivables  financed 
under  regular  commercial  credit  terms  and  other  non-trade 
receivables. Gross trade receivables were $1.2 billion at both 
January  28,  2017  and  January  30,  2016.  Concentrations  of 
credit  risk  with  respect  to  trade  receivables  are  limited  due 
to  Staples’  large  number  of  customers  and  their  dispersion 
across many industries and geographic regions.

An  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  has  been  recorded 
to  reduce  trade  receivables  to  an  amount  expected  to  be 
collectible  from  customers  based  on  specific  evidence 

as  well  as  historic  trends.  The  allowance  recorded  at 
January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 was $18 million and 
$21 million, respectively.

Other non-trade receivables were $362 million at January 28, 
2017  and  $396  million  at  January  30,  2016  and  consisted 
primarily  of  purchase  and  advertising  rebates  due  from 
vendors  under  various  incentive  and  promotional  programs. 
Amounts  expected  to  be  received  from  vendors  relating  to 
the  purchase  of  merchandise  inventories  are  recognized  as 
a reduction of inventory cost and realized as part of cost of 
goods  sold  as  the  merchandise  is  sold.  Amounts  expected 
to be received from vendors that represent reimbursement for 
specific, incremental costs incurred by the Company related to 
selling a vendor’s products, such as advertising, are recorded 
as an offset to those costs when they are recognized in the 
consolidated statement of income.

Inventory: Inventory is valued at the lower of weighted-average 
cost  or  market  value.  The  Company  reserves  for  obsolete, 
overstocked  and  inactive  inventory  based  on  the  difference 
between  the  weighted-average  cost  of  the  inventory  and  its 
estimated market value using assumptions of future demand 
and market conditions.

Accounts  Payable:  The  Company  has  agreements  with 
third  parties  to  provide  accounts  payable  tracking  and 
payment  services  which  facilitate  participating  suppliers’ 
ability  to  finance  payment  obligations  from  the  Company 
with designated third-party financial institutions. Participating 
suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to finance 
one or more payment obligations of the Company prior to their 
scheduled  due  dates  at  a  discounted  price  to  participating 
financial institutions. The Company has no economic interest 
in the sale of these receivables. The Company’s obligations to 
its suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment 
dates,  are  not  impacted  by  suppliers’  decisions  to  finance 
amounts under these arrangements. The Company presents 
these obligations as trade accounts payable.

Property  and  Equipment:  Property  and  equipment  are 
recorded  at  cost.  Expenditures  for  normal  maintenance  and 
repairs  are  charged  to  expense  as  incurred.  Depreciation 
and  amortization,  which  includes  the  amortization  of  assets 
recorded  under  capital  lease  obligations,  are  provided  using 
the straight-line method over the following useful lives: 40 years 
for  buildings;  3-10  years  for  furniture  and  fixtures;  and  3-10 
years for equipment, which includes computer equipment and 
software  with  estimated  useful  lives  of  3-7  years.  Leasehold 
improvements are amortized over the shorter of the terms of 
the underlying leases or the estimated economic lives of the 
improvements.  Asset  retirement  obligations  are  recognized 
when  incurred  and  the  related  cost  is  amortized  over  the 
remaining useful life of the related asset. The following table 
presents  the  Company’s  property  and  equipment  by  major 
asset class for 2016 and 2015.

  STApLeS  C-9 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial StatementsAppendix C

Property and equipment:
Land and buildings
Leasehold improvements
Equipment
Furniture and fixtures

Total property and equipment

Less: Accumulated depreciation
Net property and equipment

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

$648
1,071
3,023
819
5,561
4,414
$1,147

$694
1,068
2,563
814
5,139
3,853
$1,286

Lease  Acquisition  Costs:  Lease  acquisition  costs,  which  are 
included in other assets, are recorded at cost and amortized 
using  the  straight-line  method  over  the  respective  lease 
terms,  including  option  renewal  periods  if  renewal  of  the 
lease is reasonably assured, which range from 1 to 46 years. 
Lease acquisition costs, net of accumulated amortization, at 
January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 were $4 million and 
$7 million, respectively.

estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated 
from the use of an asset plus any net proceeds expected to 
be realized upon its eventual disposition. An impairment loss is 
recognized if an asset’s carrying value is not recoverable and if 
it exceeds its fair value. Staples’ policy is to evaluate long-lived 
assets for impairment at the lowest level for which there are 
identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash 
flows or other assets and liabilities.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: The Company measures 
the  fair  value  of  financial  instruments  pursuant  to  the 
guidelines  of  Accounting  Standards  Codification  (“ASC”) 
Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement (“ASC Topic 820”), which 
establishes  a  fair  value  hierarchy  that  prioritizes  the  inputs 
used  to  measure  fair  value.  The  hierarchy  gives  the  highest 
priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
or  liabilities  (Level  1  measurement),  then  priority  to  quoted 
prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices 
for  identical  or  similar  instruments  in  markets  that  are  not 
active  and  model-based  valuation  techniques  for  which  all 
significant assumptions are observable in the market (Level 2 
measurement), then the lowest priority to unobservable inputs 
(Level 3 measurement).

Impairment  of  Goodwill:  The  Company  reviews  goodwill  for 
impairment annually, in the fourth quarter, and whenever events 
or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  value 
of a reporting unit might exceed its current fair value. For the 
annual  test,  the  Company  may  perform  an  initial  qualitative 
assessment for certain reporting units to determine whether it 
is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit 
is  less  than  its  carrying  amount.  This  assessment  is  used  as 
a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the 
two step goodwill impairment test. For those reporting units for 
which  the  Company  performs  the  two  step  impairment  test, 
the Company determines fair value using a combination of the 
discounted  cash  flow  analysis  and  guideline  public  company 
methods.  The  valuation  process  requires  management  to 
make assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic 
factors and the future profitability of the Company’s businesses. 
It  is  the  Company’s  policy  to  allocate  goodwill  and  conduct 
impairment testing at a reporting unit level based on its most 
current  business  plans,  which  reflect  changes  the  Company 
anticipates  in  the  economy  and  the  industry.  The  Company 
established, and continues to evaluate, its reporting units based 
on  its  internal  reporting  structure  and  defines  such  reporting 
units at the operating segment level or one level below.

Impairment  of  Long-Lived  Assets:  The  Company  evaluates 
long-lived  assets 
impairment  whenever  events  and 
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may 
not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured based upon the 

for 

Exit  and  Disposal  Activities:  The  Company’s  policy  is  to 
recognize  costs  associated  with  exit  and  disposal  activities, 
including  restructurings,  when  a  liability  has  been  incurred. 
Employee termination costs associated with ongoing benefit 
arrangements are accrued when the obligations are considered 
probable  and  can  be  reasonably  estimated,  while  costs 
associated with one-time benefit arrangements generally are 
accrued when the key terms of the arrangement have been 
communicated  to  the  affected  employees.  Costs  related  to 
ongoing lease obligations for vacant facilities are recognized 
once the Company has ceased using the facility, and the related 
liability is recorded net of estimated future sublease income. 
Payments made to terminate a lease agreement prior to the 
end of its term are accrued when the termination agreement 
is  signed,  or  when  notification  is  given  to  the  landlord  if  a 
lease  agreement  has  a  pre-existing  termination  clause.  For 
property and equipment that the Company expects to retire 
at the time of a facility closing, the Company first reassesses 
the  assets’  estimated  remaining  useful  lives  and  evaluates 
whether the assets are impaired on a held for use basis, and 
then accelerates depreciation as warranted.

Revenue  Recognition:  The  Company  recognizes  revenue 
from  the  sale  of  products  and  services  when  the  following 
four criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement 
exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, 
the  selling  price  is  fixed  or  determinable,  and  collectibility  is 
reasonably assured. Revenue is recognized for product sales 
at  the  point  of  sale  for  the  Company’s  retail  operations  and 
at  the  time  of  shipment  for  its  delivery  sales.  The  Company 
offers its customers various coupons, discounts and rebates, 
which are treated as a reduction of revenue. For coupons and 
rebates that are offered by manufacturers directly to customers 
and  which  are  redeemable  at  multiple  participating  retailers, 
the  Company  records  the  reimbursement  received  from  the 
manufacturer as sales revenue.

The  Company  evaluates  whether  it  is  appropriate  to  record 
the  gross  amount  of  product  and  service  sales  and  related 
costs or the net amount earned as a commission. In making 
this  determination,  the  Company  considers  several  factors, 
including which party in the transaction is the primary obligor, 
the degree of inventory risk, which party establishes pricing, 

C-10  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)the Company’s ability to select vendors, and whether it earns 
a fixed amount per transaction. Generally, when the Company 
is the party in the transaction with the primary obligation to the 
customer or is subject to inventory risk, revenue is recorded 
at  the  gross  sale  price,  assuming  other  factors  corroborate 
that the Company is the principal party in the transaction. If 
the  Company  is  not  primarily  obligated  and  does  not  have 
inventory  risk,  it  generally  records  the  net  amount  as  a 
commission earned.

Revenue  arrangements  with  multiple  deliverables  that  have 
value  on  a  standalone  basis  are  divided  into  separate  units 
of  accounting.  Revenue  is  allocated  to  each  deliverable 
using estimated selling prices if the Company does not have 
vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of 
the selling prices of the deliverables. The Company recognizes 
revenue for each unit of accounting based on the nature of the 
deliverable  and  the  revenue  recognition  guidance  applicable 
to each unit.

Revenue  is  recorded  net  of  taxes  collected  from  customers 
that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected 
taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant 
government authority.

Cost  of  Goods  Sold  and  Occupancy  Costs:  Cost  of  goods 
sold and occupancy costs includes the costs of merchandise 
sold, inbound and outbound freight, receiving and distribution, 
and  store  and  distribution  center  occupancy  (including  real 
estate taxes and common area maintenance).

Shipping  and  Handling  Costs:  All  shipping  and  handling 
costs are included as a component of cost of goods sold and 
occupancy costs.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses: Selling, general 
and  administrative  expenses  include  payroll,  advertising  and 
other  operating  expenses  for  the  Company’s  stores  and 
delivery  operations  not  included  in  cost  of  goods  sold  and 
occupancy costs.

Advertising:  Staples  expenses  the  costs  of  producing  an 
advertisement  the  first  time  the  advertising  takes  place, 
except  for  the  cost  of  direct  response  advertising,  primarily 
catalog production costs, which are capitalized and amortized 
over  their  expected  period  of  future  benefits  (i.e.,  the  life  of 
the  catalog).  Direct  catalog  production  costs  included  in 
prepaid and other assets totaled $2 million and $5 million at 
January  28,  2017  and  January  30,  2016,  respectively.  The 
cost  of  communicating  an  advertisement  is  expensed  when 
the  communication  occurs.  Total  advertising  and  marketing 
expense was $376 million, $384 million and $382 million for 
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Stock-Based  Compensation:  The  Company  accounts  for 
stock-based  compensation  in  accordance  with  ASC  Topics 
505  Equity  and  718  Stock  Compensation.  Stock-based 
compensation for restricted stock and restricted stock units is 
measured based on the closing market price of the Company’s 
common  stock  price  on  the  date  of  grant,  less  the  present 
value  of  dividends  expected  to  be  paid  on  the  underlying 
shares  but  foregone  during  the  vesting  period.  Stock-based 
compensation  for  stock  options  is  measured  based  on  the 
estimated fair value of each award on the date of grant using 

Appendix C

a binomial valuation model. For awards with service conditions 
only,  the  Company  recognizes  stock-based  compensation 
costs  as  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  requisite 
service  period.  For  awards 
include  performance 
conditions, the Company recognizes compensation expense 
during the performance period to the extent achievement of 
the  performance  condition  is  deemed  probable  relative  to 
targeted performance. A change in the Company’s estimate 
of  the  probable  outcome  of  a  performance  condition  is 
accounted  for  in  the  period  of  the  change  by  recording  a 
cumulative catch-up adjustment.

that 

Pension  and  Other  Post-Retirement  Benefits:  The  Company 
maintains  pension  and  post-retirement  life  insurance  plans 
for certain employees globally. These plans include significant 
obligations, which are calculated based on actuarial valuations. 
Key  assumptions  used  in  determining  these  obligations  and 
related expenses include expected long-term rates of return 
on plan assets, discount rates and inflation. The Company also 
makes assumptions regarding employee demographic factors 
such  as  retirement  patterns,  mortality,  turnover  and  the  rate 
of compensation increases. These assumptions are evaluated 
annually. Expected return on plan assets is determined using 
fair  market  value.  The  Company  calculates  amortization  of 
actuarial  gains  and  losses  using  the  corridor  approach  and 
the estimated remaining service of plan participants. As noted 
in Note L - Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans, 
following the termination of the pension plan associated with 
the divested Staples Print Solution business in 2016 and the 
disposal of the Company’s European operations in February 
2017,  the  Company  no  longer  has  significant  obligations 
related to pension plans.

Foreign  Currency:  The  assets  and  liabilities  of  Staples’ 
foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at current 
exchange  rates  as  of  the  balance  sheet  date,  and  revenues 
and  expenses  are  translated  at  average  monthly  exchange 
rates. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a 
separate component of stockholders’ equity. Foreign currency 
transaction gains and losses relate to the settlement of assets 
or  liabilities  in  a  currency  other  than  the  functional  currency. 
Foreign currency transaction losses in 2016, 2015 and 2014 
were nil, $4 million, and nil, respectively. These amounts are 
included in Other income (expense), net.

financial 

instruments 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities: The Company 
recognizes  all  derivative 
the 
consolidated  financial  statements  at  fair  value.  Changes  in 
the fair value of derivative financial instruments that qualify for 
hedge  accounting  are  recorded  in  stockholders’  equity  as  a 
component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  or 
as  an  adjustment  to  the  carrying  value  of  the  hedged  item. 
Changes in fair values of derivatives not qualifying for hedge 
accounting are reported in earnings.

in 

Accounting for Income Taxes: Deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities  are  determined  based  on  the  differences  between 
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are 
measured using the enacted income tax rates and laws that 
are expected to be in effect when the temporary differences 
are expected to reverse. All deferred income tax assets and 
liabilities  are  classified  as  non-current  in  the  consolidated 
balance sheets.

  STApLeS  C-11 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The  Company  accounts  for  uncertain  tax  provisions  in 
accordance  with  ASC  Topic  740  Income  Taxes.  These 
provisions  require  companies  to  determine  whether  it  is 
“more  likely  than  not”  that  a  tax  position  will  be  sustained 

upon examination by the appropriate taxing authorities before 
any  benefit  can  be  recorded  in  the  financial  statements.  An 
uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has 
less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements:

ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers

In  May  2014,  a  pronouncement  was  issued  that  creates 
common  revenue  recognition  guidance  for  U.S.  GAAP 
and  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards.  The  new 
guidance  supersedes  most  preexisting  revenue  recognition 
guidance.  The  core  principle  of  the  guidance  is  that  an 
entity  should  recognize  revenue  to  depict  the  transfer  of 
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that 
reflects  the  consideration  to  which  the  entity  expects  to  be 
entitled  in  exchange  for  those  goods  or  services.  The  new 
standard  is  effective  for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning 
after  December  15,  2017,  including  interim  periods  within 
that  reporting  period,  with  an  option  to  adopt  the  standard 
one year earlier. Staples intends to adopt the new guidance 
in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The new standard is to be 
applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a 
cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The 
Company has not yet selected its method of adoption.

Other recent pronouncements

In January 2016, a pronouncement was issued that will impact 
the  accounting  for  equity  investments.  The  new  guidance 
requires  all  equity  investments,  except  those  accounted  for 
under  the  equity  method  of  accounting  or  those  that  result 
in consolidation of the investee, to be measured at fair value 
with changes in fair value recognized in net income. However, 
entities  may  elect  to  measure  those  equity  investments  that 
do  not  have  readily  determinable  fair  values  at  cost  less 
impairment, if any, plus or minus any changes resulting from 
observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical 
or similar investments of the same issuer. The guidance also 
simplifies  the  impairment  model  for  equity  investments  that 
do  not  have  readily  determinable  fair  values,  and  simplifies 
disclosure of equity instruments. The guidance is effective for 
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, 
including  related  interim  periods.  The  Company  is  currently 
evaluating the potential impact of this pronouncement on its 
financial statements.

In  February  2016,  a  pronouncement  was 
issued  that 
creates  new  accounting  and  reporting  guidelines  for  leasing 
arrangements. The new guidance requires organizations that 
lease assets to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet  related  to  the  rights  and  obligations  created  by  those 
leases,  regardless  of  whether  they  are  classified  as  finance 
or  operating  leases.  Consistent  with  current  guidance,  the 
recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and 
cash  flows  arising  from  a  lease  primarily  will  depend  on  its 
classification  as  a  finance  or  operating  lease.  The  guidance 
also requires new disclosures to help financial statement users 
better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash 
flows  arising  from  leases.  The  new  standard  is  effective  for 
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, 
including  interim  periods  within  that  reporting  period,  with 

The  Company  is  continuing  to  evaluate  the  potential  effects 
of  the  standard  on  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial 
statements.  The  Company’s  current  analysis  indicates  that 
the most significant effect of the new standard relates to the 
Company’s accounting for its Staples Rewards loyalty program. 
The Company currently accounts for this loyalty program by 
accruing a liability equal to the incremental cost of fulfilling its 
obligations to program participants. Under the new standard, 
the Company will defer revenue at the time Rewards are earned 
using a relative fair value approach. However, the impact of the 
new standard on the Company’s revenue recognition related 
to the Rewards program is not expected to be material to the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company 
will provide updates in 2017 related to the expected impact of 
adopting this standard as it performs further work related to 
this evaluation.

early application permitted. The new standard is to be applied 
using  a  modified  retrospective  approach.  The  Company  is 
currently evaluating the impact of the new pronouncement on 
its financial statements.

In  March  2016,  a  pronouncement  was  issued  that  aims  to 
simplify several aspects of accounting and reporting for share-
based  payment  transactions.  The  guidance  is  effective  for 
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, 
including  interim  periods.  The  Company  plans  to  adopt  this 
guidance  in  the  first  quarter  of  2017.  One  provision  within 
this pronouncement requires that excess income tax benefits 
and  tax  deficiencies  related  to  share-based  payments  be 
recognized  within  income  tax  expense  in  the  statement  of 
income,  rather  than  within  additional  paid-in  capital  on  the 
balance sheet. This adoption of this provision is to be applied 
prospectively. If adoption of this pronouncement had occurred 
in  2016,  the  impact  to  the  Company’s  results  of  operations 
related to this provision would have been an increase in the 
provision for income taxes of $21 million. The impact of this 
provision  on  the  Company’s  future  results  of  operations  will 
depend in part on the market prices for the Company’s shares 
on the dates there are taxable events related to share awards, 
and therefore the impact is difficult to predict. The Company 
does not expect the other provisions within the pronouncement 
will have a material impact on its financial statements.

In August 2016, a pronouncement was issued that addresses 
diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are 
presented in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance 
provides  clarity  around  the  cash  flow  classification  for  eight 
specific issues in an effort to reduce the current and potential 
future diversity in practice. The standard, which is to be applied 

C-12  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

retrospectively, will be effective for the first interim period within 
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, 
and  early  adoption  is  permitted.  The  Company  is  currently 
evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its 
consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2016, a pronouncement was issued that aims to 
reduce the diversity in practice and complexity associated with 
accounting  for  the  income  tax  consequences  of  intra-entity 
transfers  of  assets  other  than  inventory.  Current  GAAP 
prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes 
for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold 
to an outside party. The new pronouncement stipulates that 
an  entity  should  recognize  the  income  tax  consequences 
of  an  intra-entity  transfer  of  an  asset  other  than  inventory 
when the transfer occurs. The new guidance will be effective 
for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  after  December  15, 
2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual 
reporting  periods,  with  early  adoption  permitted  in  the  first 
interim  period  only.  The  amendments  are  to  be  applied  on 
a  modified  retrospective  basis  through  a  cumulative-effect 
adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of 
the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating 
the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated 
financial statements.

In November 2016, a pronouncement was issued that requires 
a statement of cash flows to explain the change in cash and cash 
equivalents  during  the  period  inclusive  of  amounts  generally 
described  as  restricted  cash.  Therefore,  amounts  generally 
described  as  restricted  cash  will  be  included  with  cash  and 
cash  equivalents  when  reconciling  the  beginning-of-period 
and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of 

cash flows. The pronouncement does not provide a definition 
of  restricted  cash.  The  pronouncement  is  effective  for  fiscal 
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods 
within  those  fiscal  years,  with  early  adoption  permitted.  The 
amendments are to be applied using a retrospective transition 
method  to  each  period  presented.  The  Company  plans  to 
adopt this pronouncement in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. 
This  pronouncement,  upon  adoption  in  2018,  is  expected 
to  result  in  a  retrospective  $66  million  reduction  of  net  cash 
provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement 
of cash flows for 2016, with a corresponding decrease in net 
cash used in investing activities. The Company will continue to 
monitor  the  potential  impact  of  this  pronouncement  through 
the date of adoption.

In January 2017, a pronouncement was issued that aims to 
simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating 
Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This pronouncement 
stipulates that an entity should perform a goodwill impairment 
test  by  comparing  the  fair  value  of  a  reporting  unit  with  its 
carrying amount, and will recognize an impairment charge for 
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting 
unit’s  fair  value,  with  the  loss  recognized  not  exceeding  the 
total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The 
amendments  in  this  pronouncement  are  to  be  applied  on  a 
prospective basis. This guidance will be effective for annual or 
any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning 
after  December  15,  2019,  with  early  adoption  is  permitted 
for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on 
testing  dates  after  January  1,  2017.  The  Company  plans  to 
adopt  this  pronouncement  in  the  first  quarter  of  2017.  The 
Company  does  not  expect  this  pronouncement  will  have  a 
material impact on its financial statements.

NOTE B — RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
Restructuring Initiatives Related to Staples 20/20 Strategic Plan

In May 2016 the Company announced a strategic plan (“20/20 
Plan”) under which it plans to:

cost  for  which  is  included  in  Restructuring  charges  in  the 
consolidated statement of income.

• narrow its geographic focus to North America

• accelerate mid-market growth

•  preserve profitability and rationalize excess capacity in its 

North American Retail stores

•  drive  profit  improvement  and  cost  reduction  across  the 

company

Following the termination of its merger agreement with Office 
Depot and the announcement of the 20/20 Plan, the Company 
announced in May 2016 that Ron Sargent would step down 
from the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
effective  June  14,  2016.  The  Company  and  Mr.  Sargent 
entered 
for  monthly 
payments of $166,740 for a period of 24 months commencing 
February 2017, as well as certain benefits with an estimated 
cost of $875,000. The Company recorded a liability for these 
severance benefits in the second quarter of 2016, the related 

letter  agreement  providing 

into  a 

In  connection  with  the  20/20  Plan,  in  the  fourth  quarter  of 
2016 the Company realigned its business segments (see Note 
O - Segment Reporting ) and divested its retail stores business 
in the United Kingdom, and in February 2017 it completed the 
disposal  of  a  controlling  interest  in  its  European  operations 
(see Note D - Discontinued Operations ). As a result of these 
initiatives, in the fourth quarter of 2016 the Company recorded 
charges  of  $15  million  for  severance  primarily  related  to  the 
restructuring of corporate general and administrative functions 
that  support  its  business  units.  These  costs  are  is  included 
in  Restructuring  charges  in  the  consolidated  statement  of 
income for 2016.

In  connection  with  the  20/20  Plan,  the  Company  also 
announced  a  new  multi-year  cost  savings  plan  which  is 
expected to generate approximately $300 million of annualized 
pre-tax cost savings by the end of 2018, primarily by reducing 
end-to-end  product  costs,  continuing  to  evolve  promotional 
strategies,  increasing  the  mix  of  Staples  Brand  products, 
driving savings in supply chain, eliminating fixed costs in retail 

  STApLeS  C-13 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

stores, and generating additional efficiency savings across the 
entire organization. In connection with this costs savings plan, 
in the third quarter of 2016 the Company recorded charges 
of  $4  million  related  to  continuing  operations  and  $1  million 
related to discontinued operations.

related  to  these  closures.  The  Company  expects  to  incur 
charges in 2017 and beyond related to other initiatives under 
the  20/20  Plan.  The  nature  and  timing  of  such  charges  will 
depend  upon  the  actions  that  are  taken,  and  cannot  be 
reasonably estimated at this time.

In  connection  with  its  plan  to  preserve  profitability  in  its 
North American retail stores, the Company expects to close 
approximately  70  North  American  retail  stores  in  2017.  The 
Company does not expect to incur material charges in 2017 

The  table  below  shows  a  reconciliation  of  the  beginning 
and ending liability balances associated with the 20/20 Plan 
(in millions):

Accrued restructuring balance as of January 30, 2016
Charges
Cash payments
Foreign currency translations
Accrued restructuring balance as of January 28, 2017

20/20 Plan
Employee-
Related
$—
25
(2)
—
$23

Of  the  $25  million  of  charges  recorded  in  2016,  $23  million 
is  included  in  Restructuring  charges  and  $2  million  is 
included  in  Pretax  loss  from  discontinued  operations  in 
the  consolidated  statement  of  income.  All  of  these  charges 
relate to functional departments that correspond with selling, 
general  and  administrative  expense.  Of  the  $23  million 

accrued  restructuring  liability  recorded  on  the  consolidated 
balance sheet at January 28, 2017, $21 million is included in 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and $2 million is 
included in Current liabilities of discontinued operations. The 
Company expects that payments related to these liabilities will 
be substantially completed by the end of 2018.

2014 Restructuring Plan

In  2014  the  Company  announced  a  plan  to  close  at  least 
225  retail  stores  in  North  America  by  the  end  of  fiscal  year 
2015  (the  “Store  Closure  Plan”).  This  plan  was  extended  to 
include additional closures in 2016. Pursuant to this plan the 
Company closed 169 stores in 2014, 73 stores in 2015, and 
48 stores in 2016.

In addition, in 2014 the Company initiated a cost savings plan 
to generate annualized pre-tax savings of approximately $500 
million  by  the  end  of  fiscal  2015.  The  Company  reinvested 
some of the savings in its strategic initiatives.

The actions taken related to the $500 million cost savings plan, 
together  with  the  actions  taken  related  to  the  Store  Closure 
Plan, are herein referred to as the “2014 Plan”.

As a result of actions taken under the 2014 Plan, the Company 
recorded pre-tax charges of $48 million in 2016, $170 million 
in 2015 and $245 million in 2014. The table below provides a 
summary of the charges recorded for each major type of cost 
associated  with  the  2014  Plan.  The  table  also  summarizes 
the costs incurred by reportable segment, and the amount of 
costs  reflected  in  continuing  operations  versus  discontinued 
operations (in millions).

Employee related costs
Contractual obligations
Other associated costs

Total restructuring charges
Impairment of long-lived assets and accelerated depreciation
Inventory write-downs
Consolidated pre-tax charges

North American Retail
North American Delivery
Other

Total pre-tax charges, continuing operations

Pretax charges, discontinued operations

C-14  STApLeS  Form 10-K

Charges incurred

2016
$(6)
15
6
15
33
—
$48

$51
(2)
—
$49

2015
$83
63
12
158
11
1
$170

$79
29
10
$118

2014
$45
109
17
171
46
26
$245

$178
50
5
$233

$(1)

$52

$12

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

In connection with the 2014 Plan, the Company recorded fixed 
asset impairment charges of $33 million in 2016, $6 million in 
2015,  and  $37  million  in  2014  primarily  related  to  the  Store 
Closure Plan. See Note C - Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
for additional information. Also related to the 2014 Plan, the 
Company  recorded  accelerated  depreciation  of  $5  million 
and  $9  million  in  2015  and  2014,  respectively,  primarily 
in  connection  with  the  closure  of  facilities  supporting  the 
Company’s North American Delivery operations.

In  addition,  the  Company  recorded  inventory  write-downs 
of $1 million and $26 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, 
related to the rationalization of SKUs pursuant to the Company’s 
efforts to improve efficiencies in its delivery fulfillment operations 
as well as the retail store closures. The inventory write-downs 
were included in Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs in 
the consolidated statements of income.

The Company does not expect to incur material costs in future 
periods related to the 2014 Plan.

The table below shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability balances for each major type of cost associated with 
the 2014 Plan (in millions):

Accrued restructuring balance as of January 31, 2015
Charges
Cash payments
Foreign currency translations
Accrued restructuring balance as of January 30, 2016
Charges
Adjustments
Cash payments
Foreign currency translations
Accrued restructuring balance as of January 28, 2017
Accrued Restructuring, Continuing Operations, as of January 28, 2017
Accrued Restructuring, Discontinued Operations, as of January 28, 2017

Employee  
Related
$31
83
(40)
—
$74
2
(7)
(48)
—
$21
$7
$14

2014 Plan

Contractual 
Obligations
$83
63
(62)
(1)
$83
16
(2)
(47)
1
$51
$49
$2

Other
$2
12
(13)
—
$1
6
—
(7)
—
$—
$—
$—

Total
$116
158
(115)
(1)
$158
24
(9)
(102)
1
$72
$56
$16

In addition to the contractual obligations shown in the tables 
above, the Company also had related liabilities of $12 million 
and $8 million recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as 
of January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016, respectively, which 
primarily represent amounts previously accrued to reflect rent 
expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  for  leased  properties  which 
the Company has now ceased using.

For  the  restructuring  liabilities  associated  with  the  2014  Plan 
recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at January 28, 2017, 
$29 million are included within Other long-term obligations, $27 
million are included within Accrued expenses and other current 
liabilities,  and  $16  million  are  included  in  Current  liabilities  of 
discontinued operations. The Company expects that payments 

related  to  employee  related  liabilities  associated  with  the  2014 
Plan  will  be  substantially  completed  by  the  end  of  fiscal  year 
2017. The Company anticipates that payments related to facility 
lease obligations will be completed by the end of fiscal year 2025.

The  restructuring  charges  related  to  continuing  operations 
are presented within Restructuring charges in the Company’s 
consolidated statement of income, while the charges related 
to discontinued operations are included in Pretax loss (income) 
from  discontinued  operations.  The  tables  below  shows  how 
the  restructuring  charges  would  have  been  allocated  if  the 
Company  had  recorded  the  expenses  within  the  functional 
departments  of  the  restructured  activities  (in  millions)  for 
continuing operations and discontinued operations:

Continuing Operations

Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
Selling, general and administrative

Total

Discontinued Operations

Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs
Selling, general and administrative

Total

January 28, 2017
$22
(6)
$16

January 28, 2017
$(2)
1
$(1)

2014 Plan

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016
$60
46
$106

2014 Plan

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016
$10
42
$52

January 31, 2015
$122
37
$159

January 31, 2015
$1
11
$12

  STApLeS  C-15 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE C — GOODWILL AND LONG-LIVED ASSETS
Goodwill

Goodwill impairment charges recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016

The  Company  had  previously  disclosed  that  these  reporting 
units were at an increased risk of an impairment charge. The 
key  factors  underlying  these  impairment  charges  include 
the following:

•  Under  the  Staples  20/20  strategic  plan,  which  was 
announced  in  2016,  the  Company  plans  to  narrow  its 
geographic focus to North America and drive growth in 
the mid-market customer segment. The Company’s North 
American  retail  stores  and  its  international  businesses 
are not key elements of the Company’s growth strategy. 
In  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  the  Company  realigned  its 
organization and changed its reportable segments to align 
with the 20/20 plan (see Note O - Segment Reporting). 
The Company’s updated long-term projections align with 
the 20/20 plan and reflect the recent operating results of 
the reporting units.

•  The Company’s retail stores in the U.S. have experienced 
declines in sales and profits due to changes in customer 
buying  patterns,  with  customers  increasingly  shopping 
at  online  retailers.  In  addition,  growth  for  Staples.com 
has been weaker than expected. Although the Company 
continues 
the 
productivity  of  its  retail  stores  in  the  U.S.  and  increase 
customer  traffic  and  conversion  at  Staples.com,  while 
also  pursuing  cost  savings  opportunities,  the  Company 
assigned  considerable  weight  to  the  reporting  unit’s 
historical results when deriving the fair value of the U.S. 
Stores & Online reporting unit.

to  undertake 

initiatives 

improve 

to 

losses,  and  although 

•  The  China  reporting  unit  has  a  history  of  incurring 
operating 
this  business  has 
experienced  strong  sales  growth  over  the  past  two 
years,  much  of  this  growth  has  related  to  low-margin 
customers, and as a result the business has experienced 
challenges translating this growth into significant profits. 
In addition, management expects growth may slow in the 
future  as  a  result  of  increased  competition  and  slowing 
economic growth.

The  valuation  methodologies  used  in  step  two  incorporated 
inputs  reflecting  significant  estimates  and 
unobservable 
assumptions  made  by  management.  Accordingly, 
the 
Company  classified  these  measurements  as  Level  3  within 
the  fair  value  hierarchy.  Key  inputs  included  expected  sales 
growth  rates,  customer  attrition  rates,  operating  income 
margins, market-based royalty rates, market comparables for 
real property and leasehold interests, and discount rates.

As noted in Note O - Segment Reporting, in the fourth quarter 
of  2016  the  Company  changed  its  reportable  segments  as 
a  result  of  an  organizational  realignment  related  to  its  20/20 
strategic  plan.  The  realignment  also  resulted  in  changes  for 
its  reporting  units.  For  its  annual  goodwill  impairment  test 
performed  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  the  Company  first 
performed  a  test  based  on  the  preexisting  reporting  unit 
structure, and then to the extent goodwill balances remained 
after that test, it performed a second test based on the new 
reporting unit structure.

In the first step of the impairment test, the Company determined 
the fair value of its reporting units using a combination of the 
income  and  market  approaches,  specifically  the  discounted 
cash flow (“DCF”) and guideline public company methods. In 
conjunction with the Company’s annual cycle for planning and 
budgeting, the Company updated its long-term projections for 
its reporting units, and incorporated these updated projections 
in the valuation models. Based on these updates, the Company 
determined that the carrying values of its U.S. Stores & Online, 
Australia, and China reporting units exceeded their respective 
fair values. As a result, the Company performed step two of 
the impairment test to determine the amount of the impairment 
charges for each reporting unit.

In  the  second  step  of  the  impairment  test,  the  Company 
assigned the reporting unit’s fair value to its individual assets 
and liabilities, including any unrecognized assets or liabilities, in 
a hypothetical analysis that calculates the implied fair value of 
goodwill in the same manner as if the reporting unit was being 
acquired  in  a  business  combination.  If  the  implied  fair  value 
of the reporting unit’s goodwill is less than the carrying value, 
the difference is recorded as an impairment charge. The fair 
value estimates incorporated in step two for intangible assets 
were primarily based on the income approach, specifically the 
multi-period excess earnings and relief from royalty methods. 
For  real  property,  the  Company  used  a  combination  of  the 
income  and  market  approaches  to  determine  fair  value.  For 
leasehold interests, the Company used the income approach 
to determine fair value.

Based  on  the  results  of  step  two  of  the  impairment  test,  in 
the fourth quarter of 2016 the Company recorded impairment 
charges of $628 million for U.S. Stores & Online, $72 million 
for China, and $48 million for Australia. As of the end of 2016, 
these reporting units have no remaining goodwill. U.S. Stores 
&  Online  was  a  component  of  the  Company’s  former  North 
American  Stores  &  Online  segment;  under  the  Company’s 
segment  structure  at  the  end  of  2016,  U.S.  Stores  is  a 
component of the Company’s North American Retail segment, 
and Online is a component of the Company’s North American 
Delivery  segment.  Australia  and  China  are  included  in  the 
Other category in the Company’s segment reporting.

C-16  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

Goodwill impairment charges recognized in the second quarter of 2016

In the second quarter of 2016, based on continued adverse 
business  trends  and  following  changes  in  the  Company’s 
strategic  plans  after  the  termination  of  the  proposed  Office 
Depot  merger,  the  Company  identified  certain  factors  that 
indicated it was more likely than not that the fair value of the 
Europe  Delivery  reporting  unit  was  lower  than  its  carrying 
value. These factors included:

•  Europe  Delivery  continued  to  experience  operating 
challenges during the second quarter of 2016, and was 
expected  to  experience  further  challenges  in  the  near 
to mid-term as a result of delays in its restructuring and 
transformation activities.

•  Britain’s decision in June 2016 to exit the European Union 
(“Brexit”) resulted in increased uncertainty in the economic 
and political environment in Europe.

•  In  May  2016,  Staples  announced  its  Staples  20/20 
strategic  plan  under  which  it  plans  to  focus  on  its 
North  American  businesses,  reducing  its  emphasis  on 
International  Operations.  The  Company  announced  it 
was  exploring  strategic  alternatives  for  its  European 
operations,  and  hired  outside  advisors  to  evaluate  a 
potential sale of the business.

•  Information  obtained  in  the  second  quarter  during 
the  process  of  marketing  the  European  business  for 
sale,  including  the  likely  absence  of  strategic  buyers 
and  the  indications  of  value  received  from  potential 
financial buyers.

In the first step of the impairment test, the Company determined 
the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of the 
income  and  market  approaches,  specifically  the  discounted 
cash  flow  (“DCF”)  and  guideline  public  company  methods. 
The resulting fair value of the reporting unit was lower than its 
carrying value, and therefore the reporting unit failed step one 
of the impairment test. As a result, the Company performed 
step two of the impairment test to determine the amount of 
the impairment charge.

The fair value estimates incorporated in step two for intangible 
assets  were  primarily  based  on  the  income  approach, 
specifically  the  multi-period  excess  earnings  and  relief  from 
royalty  methods.  For  owned  real  property,  the  Company 
used  a  combination  of  the  income  and  market  approaches 
to  determine  fair  value.  Based  on  the  results  of  the  second 
step  of  the  impairment  test,  the  Company  determined  that 
the reporting unit’s $630 million of goodwill was fully impaired, 
and therefore it recorded an impairment charge of this amount 
in  the  second  quarter  of  2016.  This  charge  is  included  in 
Pretax  loss  from  discontinued  operations  in  the  Company’s 
consolidated statement of income for 2016.

The  valuation  methodologies  used  in  step  two  incorporated 
unobservable 
inputs  reflecting  significant  estimates  and 
assumptions  made  by  management.  Accordingly, 
the 
Company  classified  these  measurements  as  Level  3  within 
the  fair  value  hierarchy.  Key  inputs  included  expected  sales 
growth  rates,  customer  attrition  rates,  operating  income 
margins, market-based royalty rates, market comparables for 
real property, and discount rates.

Based on its consideration of the factors above, the Company 
concluded  it  was  necessary  to  perform  an  interim  goodwill 
impairment test in the second quarter of 2016 for the Europe 
Delivery  reporting  unit  pursuant  to  the  guidelines  of  ASC 
Topic 350, “Intangibles - Goodwill and Other”.

As noted in Note D - Discontinued Operations, in the fourth 
quarter of 2016 the Company completed the sale of its retail 
stores business in the United Kingdom, and in February 2017 
it completed the sale of a controlling interest in its remaining 
European operations.

Goodwill impairment testing in 2015 and 2014

The Company recorded no goodwill impairment charges during 
2015.  In  2014  the  Company  recorded  goodwill  impairment 
charges  of  $410  million,  including  $280  million  related  to 

Australia, $116 million related to China, and $13 million related 
to South America. These reporting units are now included in 
the Other category in the Company’s segment reporting.

The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill during fiscal 2015 and 2016 are as follows (in millions):

North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other operations

Continuing Operations
Discontinued Operations
Consolidated

Goodwill 
at January 31, 2015
$1,247
662
131
2,040
640
$2,680

2015 
Additions
$3
1
—
4
3
$7

Foreign 
Exchange  
Fluctuations  
and Adjustments
$—
(6)
(5)
(11)
(23)
$(34)

Goodwill 
at January 30, 2016
$1,250
657
125
2,032
621
$2,653

Accumulated 
impairment as of 
January 30, 2016
$—
—
(410)
(410)
(771)
$(1,181)

  STApLeS  C-17 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other operations

Continuing Operations
Discontinued Operations
Consolidated

Goodwill 
at January 30, 2016
$1,250
657
125
2,032
621
$2,653

2016 
Additions
$30
—
—
30
—
$30

2016 
Impairments
$—
(628)
(120)
(748)
(630)
$(1,378)

2016 
Disposals
$(19)
—
—
(19)
—
$(19)

Foreign 
Exchange  
Fluctuations  
and Adjustments
$(3)
3
(5)
(5)
9
$4

Goodwill 
at January 28, 2017
$1,258
32
—
1,290
—
$1,290

Accumulated 
impairment as of 
January 28, 2017
$—
(628)
(530)
(1,158)
(1,401)
$(2,559)

Long-Lived Assets

The Company recorded long-lived asset impairment charges 
related  to  continuing  operations  of  $35  million,  $37  million 
and  $59  million  in  2016,  2015,  and  2014,  respectively.  The 
following is a summary of these charges:

•  The $35 million of charges in 2016 primarily relate to the 
impairment of fixed assets at North American retail stores.

•  The  $37  million  of  charges  in  2015  include  $22  million 
related to the disposal of information technology assets 
related  to  the  Company’s  North  American  retail  stores, 
and $15 million related to the impairment of fixed assets, 
primarily at North American retail stores.

•  The $59 million of charges in 2014 primarily relate to the 
impairment of fixed assets at North American retail stores.

These  charges  related  to  retail  store  assets  were  based  on 
measurements  of  the  fair  value  of  the  impaired  assets  derived 
using the income approach, specifically the DCF method, which 
incorporated Level 3 inputs as defined in ASC 820. The Company 

considered the expected net cash flows to be generated by the 
use of the assets through the store closure dates, as well as the 
expected cash proceeds from the disposition of the assets, if any.

The Company recorded long-lived asset impairment charges 
related to discontinued operations of $288 million, $14 million, 
and  $1  million  in  2016,  2015,  and  2014,  respectively.  The 
following is a summary of the these charges: 

•  The $288 million of charges in 2016 includes $231 million 
related  to  the  impairment  of  long-lived  assets  upon  the 
initial classification of the Company’s European operations 
as held for sale (see Note D - Discontinued Operations), 
$30  million  related  to  a  customer  relationship  asset 
related to the Company’s European operations, and $27 
million  related  to  the  impairment  of  assets  at  European 
retail stores.

•  The $14 million of charges in 2015 and $1 million charge 
in  2014  primarily  related  to  the  impairment  of  assets  at 
European retail stores.

Intangible assets

The Company’s intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and are summarized below 
(in millions):

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

Customer relationships
Technology
Tradenames

Total

Gross 
Carrying  
Amount
$475
74
9
$558

Accumulated 
Amortization
$(319)
(30)
(4)
$(353)

Net
$156
44
5
$205

Gross 
Carrying  
Amount
$525
72
9
$606

Accumulated 
Amortization
$(347)
(20)
(4)
$(371)

Estimated future amortization expense associated with the intangible assets at January 28, 2017 is as follows (in millions): 

Fiscal Year
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Thereafter

C-18  STApLeS  Form 10-K

Net
$178
52
5
$235

Total
$52
50
41
26
17
19
$205

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE D — DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

During  2016  the  Company  announced  its  Staples  20/20 
strategic plan, under which the Company plans to focus on 
growth opportunities in North America. In connection with this 
plan, in the fourth quarter of 2016 the Company disposed of 
its retail business in the United Kingdom and entered into an 
agreement to sell a controlling interest in its remaining European 

operations. The Company closed on the sale of this controlling 
interest  in  February  2017.  The  Company  has  presented  its 
combined  European  operations  as  discontinued  operations 
in  the  Company’s  consolidated  financial  statements.  The 
European  operations  were  a  component  of  the  Company’s 
former International Operations segment.

Disposal of retail store business in the United Kingdom

On November 18, 2016 the Company completed the sale of 
100%  of  the  outstanding  shares  of  the  entities  operating  to 
its retail stores business in the United Kingdom (“UK Retail”) 
for total consideration of one pound sterling. Upon completion 
of  the  transaction,  Staples  delivered  the  UK  Retail  business 
to  the  buyer  with  approximately  $28  million  (£23  million)  of 
unrestricted  cash  on-hand.  The  Company  recognized  a 
$114 million loss on sale related to this transaction, which is 
included in Loss on sale related to discontinued operations in 
the consolidated statement of income for 2016. 

The $114 million loss on sale is inclusive of $34 million related 
to the fair value of the Company’s liability related to certain lease 
obligations which the Company will continue to guarantee after 
completion. The total amount of lease obligations for which the 
Company is a guarantor is approximately $160 million (£127 

million).  The  related  leases  expire  at  various  dates  through 
2027, with a weighted average remaining term of 5.7 years, 
and the terms may not be extended. The Company would be 
required to make payment under these arrangements in the 
event  a  settlement  is  negotiated  and  agreed  upon  with  the 
applicable landlord and a release of the corresponding lease 
obligations is obtained, or upon a default by the buyer. The fair 
value of the guarantee liability was derived using the income 
approach, incorporating Level 3 inputs as defined in ASC 820. 
Key  inputs  and  assumptions  included  probability  of  default, 
market rental rates, costs to obtain a release from future lease 
obligations, and discount rates.

Other than with respect to the Company's obligations related to 
the guarantees, the Company does not expect to have significant 
continuing involvement with UK Retail after completion.

Disposal of remaining European Operations subsequent to the end of fiscal 2016

On  December  7,  2016,  the  Company  entered  into  an 
agreement  ("Signing  Protocol")  with  an  affiliate  of  Cerberus 
Capital  Management,  L.P.  (“Cerberus”),  pursuant  to  which 
Cerberus  made  a  binding  offer  to  purchase  the  Shares 
(defined below) related to the Company’s remaining European 
operations (“European Operations”). Appended to the Signing 
Protocol was a form of the share purchase agreement ("SPA") 
which  incorporates  the  key  term  and  conditions  of  the  sale. 
The Company’s acceptance of the offer and its entry into the 
SPA  was  subject  to  completion  of  certain  European  works 
council  consultation  procedures  and  applicable  waiting 
periods required by relevant European legislation and practice.

dividend. Upon completion of the transaction, Staples delivered 
the  European  Operations  with  approximately  €166  million 
($175  million)  related  to  a  preliminary  estimate  of  the  requisite 
unrestricted cash, which is equal to (i) €20 million, plus (ii) €146 
million relating to indebtedness, underfunded pension liabilities, 
working capital, and certain other adjustments, plus an additional 
€6 million ($7 million) related to other obligations outlined in the 
SPA. The preliminary estimate of the unrestricted cash amount 
is subject to adjustment based on finalization of the completion 
accounts,  which  is  to  occur  no  later  than  90  days  following 
closing.  The  preliminary  unrestricted  cash  amount  may  vary 
significantly from the actual amount calculated as of completion. 

On  February  2,  2017,  following  the  completion  of  these 
consultation  procedures  and  waiting  periods,  Staples 
and  Cerberus  executed  the  SPA,  which  was  amended  on 
February  23,  2017,  and  on  February  27,  2017  the  parties 
completed  the  transaction.  Following  the  closing,  Staples 
will  provide  certain  customary  transitional  services  during  a 
period of up to 36 months, and will partner with the disposed 
operations  on  managing  certain  global  customer  accounts. 
Commercial  transactions  between  the  parties  following  the 
closing of the transaction are not expected to be significant.

Under the terms of the SPA, as amended, the Company sold to 
Cerberus 85% of the common shares and 100% of the preferred 
shares  in  the  Company's  subsidiary  holding  the  European 
Operations (collectively, the “Shares”) for total consideration of €50 
million ($53 million). The purchase consideration also provides the 
divested business with a perpetual, royalty-free license to use the 
Staples trade name on the European continent, with exclusivity 
within that territory. Staples will retain 15% of the common shares, 
which the Company plans to account for using the cost method 
of  accounting.  The  preferred  shares  provide  for  a  liquidation 
preference equal to €50 million and a 10% cumulative preferred 

The  European  Operations  are  classified  as  held  for  sale  at 
January 28, 2017. As a result of this classification, the Company 
recorded  an  impairment  charge  of  $231  million  during  the 
fourth  quarter  of  2016,  related  to  $226  million  of  property 
plant  and  equipment  and  $5  million  related  to  intangible 
assets. These charges are included in Loss from discontinued 
operations in the consolidated statement of income. In the first 
quarter  of  2017,  the  Company  expects  to  record  additional 
losses in connection with the closing of this transaction, which 
are  currently  estimated  to  be  between  $800-900  million, 
including the release of cumulative translation losses and the 
write-off of deferred pension costs recorded as a component 
of accumulated other comprehensive income.

The  table  below  provides  a  reconciliation  of  the  carrying 
amounts  of  the  major  classes  of  assets  and  liabilities  of  the 
discontinued operations to the amounts presented separately 
in the consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amounts as 
of  January  30,  2016  include  balances  related  to  UK  Retail, 
whereas the amounts as of January 28, 2017 do not since the 
business had been divested as of that date.

  STApLeS  C-19 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

Receivables, net
Merchandise inventories
Property, plant and equipment
Goodwill
Intangible assets
Other assets
Loss recognized on classification as held for sale
Assets of discontinued operations
Accounts payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Other liabilities
Liabilities of discontinued operations

January 28, 2017
$294
188
226
—
5
86
(231)
568
174
145
83
$402

January 30, 2016
$356
287
300
621
39
87
—
1,690
209
193
69
$471

The  following  table  provides  the  major  classes  of  line  items  constituting  the  results  of  operations  for  discontinued  operations 
for 2016, 2015, and 2014. This table includes the results of operations for UK Retail through November 18, 2016, the date of 
its disposition.

Sales
Cost of goods sold and occupancy costs

Gross profit

Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
Restructuring costs
Amortization of intangibles
Total operating expenses
Gain (loss) on sale of businesses and assets, net
Operating (loss) income
Interest and other, net
Pretax operating (loss) income of discontinued operations
Loss recognized on classification as held for sale
Loss on sale of discontinued operations
Total pretax (loss) income of discontinued operations
Income tax (benefit) expense
(Loss) income of discontinued operations

January 28, 2017
$1,970
1,451
519

Fiscal year ended
January 30, 2016
$2,295
1,688
607

January 31, 2015
$2,808
2,045
763

524
686
—
7
1,217
1
(697)
(3)
(700)
(231)
(114)
(1,045)
(7)
$(1,038)

606
14
46
13
679
—
(72)
—
(72)
—
—
(72)
11
$(83)

720
1
13
14
748
(2)
13
2
15
—
—
15
5
$10

The following table summarizes depreciation and capital expenditures for discontinued operations for 2016, 2015, and 2014.

Depreciation
Acquisition of property & equipment

January 28, 2017
$39
28

Fiscal year ended
January 30, 2016
$41
50

January 31, 2015
$48
55

C-20  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE E — SALE OF BUSINESSES AND ASSETS 

In  April  2016,  Staples  entered  into  an  agreement  to  sell 
substantially  all  of  the  assets  and  transfer  certain  liabilities 
related to its commercial printing solutions business (Staples 
Print  Solutions,  or  “SPS”)  for  cash  consideration  of  $85 
million.  The  transaction  closed  on  July  5,  2016.  The  sale 
price  was  subject  to  a  working  capital  adjustment  that  was 
finalized  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2016,  the  impact  of  which 
was  not  material.  The  Company  recognized  a  total  loss  of 
$57 million on the sale of SPS, including $9 million related to 
the settlement of pension obligations related to this business. 
Following  the  settlement  of  the  pension  obligations,  the 
Company  terminated  the  related  pension  plan.  The  loss  on 
sale  also  includes  the  impairment  of  $19  million  of  goodwill 

and $13 million of long-lived assets recognized upon the initial 
classification of SPS as held for sale in the second quarter of 
2016. The loss is included in (Loss) gain on sale of businesses 
and assets, net in the condensed consolidated statement of 
income for 2016. SPS was a component of the Company’s 
North American Delivery segment. 

SPS’s  pretax  income  in  2016  through  the  date  of  disposal 
was $10 million. SPS’s pretax income in 2015 and 2014 was 
$22  million  and  $29  million,  respectively.  The  table  below 
shows the major classes of SPS’s assets and liabilities at the 
time of the disposition (in millions): 

ASSETS
Receivables
Inventories
Other assets
Total assets
LIABILITIES
Accounts payable and other current liabilities
Total liabilities

During  2016,  the  Company  also  sold  certain  real  estate 
property, recognizing a net gain of $2 million. 

Additionally,  during  2016,  the  Company  completed  the  sale 
of  its  retail  stores  business  in  the  United  Kingdom  -  see 
Note D - Discontinued Operations. 

During 2015, the Company sold certain real estate properties 
and other property and equipment, as well as a small business 
unit in Australia. The company recognized a net loss of in $5 
million in 2015 related to these sales.

July 5, 2016

$51
57
4
$112

$12
$12

During the first quarter of 2014, the Company completed the 
sale of its Smilemakers, Inc. business unit, recognizing a gain 
of  $23  million.  Smilemakers,  Inc.  was  a  component  of  the 
Company’s North American Delivery segment. The Company 
also  completed  the  sale  of  a  small  U.S.  business  that  was 
a  component  of  the  Company’s  North  American  Delivery 
segment  in  the  third  quarter  of  2014,  recognizing  a  gain  of 
$6 million.

NOTE F — ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT 
LIABILITIES

The major components of Accrued expenses and other current liabilities are as follows (in millions):

Taxes
Employee related
Restructuring reserves
Advertising and marketing
Other
Total

January 28, 2017
$183
304
53
77
406
$1,023

January 30, 2016
$176
314
82
65
523
$1,160

  STApLeS  C-21 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE G — DEBT AND CREDIT AGREEMENTS

The major components of the Company’s outstanding debt are as follows (in millions):

January 2018 Notes
January 2023 Notes
Other lines of credit
Capital lease obligations and other notes payable

Less: current portion
Net long-term debt

January 28, 2017
$499
497
1
51
1,048
(519)
$529

January 30, 2016
$498
496
2
35
1,031
(15)
$1,016

Aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal Year:
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Thereafter

Unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs

Total
$519
29
3
1
—
500
$1,052
(4)
$1,048

Future  minimum  lease  payments  under  capital  leases  of 
$49 million are included in aggregate annual maturities shown 
above. Staples entered into $34 million and $12 million of new 
capital lease obligations in 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Interest  paid  by  Staples  in  2016  totaled  $173  million,  which 
includes  $130  million  related  to  financing  arrangements 
associated  with  the  Company’s  terminated  agreement  to 
merge with Office Depot. Interest paid in 2015 and 2014 was 
$49 million and $51 million, respectively. There was no interest 
capitalized in 2016, 2015 or 2014.

to  the  Notes.  The  Company  may  redeem  the  Notes  at  any 
time  at  certain  redemption  prices  specified  in  the  indenture 
governing the Notes. Upon the occurrence of both (a) a change 
of control of Staples, Inc., as defined in the indenture, and (b) a 
downgrade of the Notes below an investment grade rating by 
both of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s 
Ratings Services within a specified period, the Company will 
be required to make an offer to purchase the Notes at a price 
equal  to  101%  of  their  principal  amount,  plus  accrued  and 
unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. The Notes are not 
guaranteed by any of the Company’s subsidiaries.

January  2018  Notes  and  January  2023  Notes: 
In 
January  2013,  the  Company  issued  $500  million  aggregate 
principal  amount  of  2.75%  senior  notes  due  January  2018 
(the  “January  2018  Notes”)  and  $500  million  aggregate 
principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due January 2023 
(the  “January  2023  Notes”,  or  collectively  “the  Notes”),  for 
total  net  proceeds  after  the  original  issue  discount  and  the 
underwriters’ fees of $991 million. The Notes were issued with 
original discounts at 99.727% and 99.808%, respectively. The 
Notes rank equally with all of the Company’s other unsecured 
and  unsubordinated  indebtedness.  The  indenture  governing 
the  notes  contains  covenants  that  will  limit  the  Company’s 
ability to create certain liens and engage in certain sale and 
leaseback  transactions.  The  indenture  does  not  limit  the 
amount of debt that the Company or any of the Company’s 
subsidiaries may incur. Interest on these Notes is payable in 
cash on a semi-annual basis on January 12 and July 12 of each 
year. The interest rate payable on the Notes will be subject to 
adjustments  from  time  to  time  if  Moody’s  Investors  Service, 
Inc.  or  Standard  &  Poor’s  Ratings  Services  downgrades  (or 
downgrades and subsequently upgrades) the rating assigned 

Revolving  Credit  Facility:  On  November  22,  2016,  the 
Company entered into a new credit agreement (the “November 
2021 Revolving Credit Facility”) with Bank of America, N.A., as 
Administrative Agent and the other lending institutions named 
therein. The November 2021 Revolving Credit Facility replaces 
the credit agreement dated as of May 31, 2013, which provided 
for a maximum borrowing of $1 billion and was due to expire in 
May 2018 (the “Prior Agreement”). As of November 22, 2016, 
no  borrowings  were  outstanding  under  the  Prior  Agreement 
and the Company did not borrow under the November 2021 
Revolving  Credit  Facility  during  2016.  The  November  2021 
Revolving  Credit  Facility  provides  for  a  maximum  borrowing 
of $1.0 billion, which pursuant to an accordion feature may be 
increased to $1.5 billion upon our request and the agreement 
of  the  lenders  participating  in  the  increase.  Borrowings  may 
be  syndicated  loans,  swing  line  loans,  multicurrency  loans, 
or  letters  of  credit,  the  combined  sum  of  which  may  not 
exceed the maximum borrowing amount. Amounts borrowed 
may  be  repaid  and  reborrowed  from  time  to  time  until 
November 22, 2021. Borrowings will bear interest at various 
interest  rates  depending  on  the  type  of  borrowing,  and  will 

C-22  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

reflect  a  percentage  spread  based  on  our  credit  rating.  The 
Company will pay a facility fee at rates that range from 0.100% 
to  0.250%  per  annum  depending  on  its  credit  rating.  The 
November  2021  Revolving  Credit  Facility  is  unsecured  and 
ranks pari passu with the Company’s public notes and other 
indebtedness and contains customary affirmative and negative 
covenants for credit facilities of this type. The November 2021 
Revolving  Credit  Facility  also  contains  financial  covenants 
that  require  the  Company  to  maintain  a  minimum  ratio  of 
consolidated  EBIT  plus  rental  expense  to  consolidated  total 
interest expense plus rental expense and a maximum adjusted 
funded debt to EBITDAR ratio.

Commercial Paper Program: The Company has a commercial 
paper  program  (“Commercial  Paper  Program”)  that  allows 
it to issue up to $1.0 billion of unsecured commercial paper 
notes  (“Commercial  Paper  Notes”)  from  time  to  time.  The 
November 2021 Revolving Credit Facility serves as a back-up 
to  the  Commercial  Paper  Program.  Borrowings  outstanding 

under  the  Company’s  commercial  paper  program  reduce 
the  borrowing  capacity  available  under  the  revolving  credit 
facility  by  a  commensurate  amount.  The  Company  typically 
uses proceeds from the Commercial Paper Notes for general 
purposes,  including  working  capital,  capital  expenditures, 
acquisitions  and  share 
the 
Commercial Paper Notes vary, but may not exceed 397 days 
from  the  date  of  issue.  The  maximum  amount  outstanding 
under the commercial paper program during 2016 was $188 
million. As of January 28, 2017, no Commercial Paper Notes 
were outstanding.

repurchases.  Maturities  of 

Other Lines of Credit: The Company has various other lines of 
credit under which it may borrow a maximum of $76 million. At 
January 28, 2017, the Company had outstanding borrowings 
of $1 million, leaving $75 million of available credit at that date.

There were no instances of default during 2016 under any of 
the Company’s debt agreements.

Deferred Financing Fees

In connection with the issuance of certain debt instruments, the 
Company incurred financing fees which are being amortized 
over the terms of the related debt instruments. Amortization 

of the financing fees is classified as interest expense. Deferred 
financing fees amortized to interest expense were $2 million for 
each of 2016, 2015 and 2014.

NOTE H — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes 
the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets  or  liabilities  (Level  1  measurement),  then  priority  to 
quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted 
prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are 
not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all 
significant assumptions are observable in the market (Level 2 
measurement), then the lowest priority to unobservable inputs 
(Level 3 measurement).

The  fair  values  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  receivables, 
accounts payable, accrued expenses, other current liabilities 
and  short-term  debt  approximate  their  carrying  values 
because of their short-term nature. The carrying values of the 
Company’s  capital  lease  and  commercial  paper  obligations 
approximate fair value. The following table shows the difference 
between the financial statement carrying value and fair value 
of  the  Company’s  debt  obligations  as  of  January  28,  2017 
and  January  30,  2016  (in  millions).  The  fair  values  of  these 
notes were determined based on quoted market prices and 
are classified as Level 1 measurements.

January 2018 Notes
January 2023 Notes

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

Carrying Value
$499
497

Fair Value
$503
509

Carrying Value
$498
496

Fair Value
$496
488

From  time  to  time  the  Company  has  investments  in  money 
market funds that are measured and recorded in the financial 
statements at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair values 
are based on quotes received from third-party banks and are 
classified as Level 1 measurements. As of January 28, 2017, 
the fair value of these investments, which are classified as Cash 

and cash equivalents in the condensed consolidated balance 
sheet, was $111 million. There were no material money market 
investments as of January 30, 2016.

There  are  no  other  material  assets  or  liabilities  measured  at 
fair value.

  STApLeS  C-23 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE I — COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Commitments

Staples leases certain retail and support facilities under long-
term non-cancelable lease agreements. Most lease agreements 
contain  renewal  options  and  rent  escalation  clauses  and,  in 
some cases, allow termination within a certain number of years 
with notice and a fixed payment. Certain agreements provide 
for contingent rental payments based on sales.

Other  long-term  obligations  for  continuing  operations  at 
January  28,  2017  include  $50  million  relating  to  future  rent 
escalation clauses and lease incentives under certain existing 
operating  lease  arrangements.  These  rent  obligations  are 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective terms 
of  the  leases.  Future  minimum  lease  commitments  due  for 
retail,  distribution,  fulfillment  and  support  facilities  (including 
restructured  facilities)  and  equipment  leases  under  non-
cancelable operating leases are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal Year:
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Thereafter

Continuing  
operations
$559
442
338
251
176
258
$2,024

Discontinued  
operations
$47
37
30
23
16
49
$202

The Company also guarantees certain lease obligations of its 
divested retail business in the United Kingdom - see Note D 
- Discontinued Operations for additional information related to 
these commitments.

Future  minimum  lease  commitments  for  continuing  and 
discontinued  operations  exclude  the  impact  of  $28  million 
and  $2  million,  respectively,  of  minimum  rentals  due  under 

Contingencies

non-cancelable  subleases.  Rent  expense  for  continuing 
operations  was  $576  million,  $595  million  and  $657  million 
for  2016,  2015  and  2014,  respectively.  Rent  expense  for 
discontinued operations was $78 million, $96 million and $110 
million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

As  of  January  28,  2017,  Staples  had  contractual  purchase 
obligations that are not reflected in the Company’s consolidated 
balance sheets totaling $460 million for continuing operations 
and  $6  million  for  discontinued  operations.  Many  of  the 
Company’s  purchase  commitments  may  be  canceled  by 
the  Company  without  advance  notice  or  payment  and, 
accordingly,  the  Company  has  excluded  such  commitments 
from the following schedule. Contracts that may be terminated 
by  the  Company  without  cause  or  penalty,  but  that  require 
advance notice for termination, are valued on the basis of an 
estimate of what the Company would owe under the contract 
upon  providing  notice  of  termination.  Expected  payments 
related to such purchase obligations are as follows (in millions):

Fiscal Year:
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Thereafter

Continuing  
operations
$264
71
42
27
24
32
$460

Discontinued  
operations
$5
1
—
—
—
—
$6

Letters  of  credit  are  issued  by  Staples  during  the  ordinary 
course  of  business  through  major  financial  institutions  as 
required by certain vendor contracts. As of January 28, 2017, 
Staples had open standby letters of credit totaling $89 million.

The Company has investigated, with the assistance of outside 
experts, a data security incident involving unauthorized access 
into  the  computer  systems  of  PNI  Digital  Media  Ltd  (“PNI”), 
a  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  which  the  Company  acquired 
in  July  2014.  PNI,  which  is  based  in  Vancouver,  British 
Columbia, provides a software platform that enables retailers 
to  sell  personalized  products  such  as  photo  prints,  photo 
books, calendars, business cards, stationery and other similar 
products. PNI’s customers include a number of major third party 
retailers, as well as affiliates of the Company. The investigation 
determined that an unauthorized party entered PNI’s systems 
and  was  able  to  deploy  malware  on  some  of  PNI’s  servers 
supporting its clients. The malware was designed to capture 
data  that  end  users  input  on  the  photosites.  Some  of  PNI’s 
affected  customers  have  notified  certain  of  their  users  of  a 
potential compromise of the users’ payment card information 
and/or other personal information. PNI took prompt steps to 
contain the incident, including disabling the retailer photosites 

or online payment transactions for a period while the incident 
was  being  investigated,  and  to  further  enhance  the  security 
of  its  retailer  customers’  data.  To  date,  the  Company  has 
incurred  incremental  expenses  of  $18  million  related  to  the 
incident.  The  expenses  reflect  professional  service  fees 
incurred by the Company, claims by PNI’s retailer customers, 
and  litigation  settlement  amounts.  Additional  losses  and 
expenses relating to the incident are probable; however, at this 
stage,  the  Company  does  not  have  sufficient  information  to 
reasonably estimate such losses and expenses. The types of 
losses and expenses that may result from the incident include, 
without limitation: claims by PNI’s retailer customers, including 
indemnification  claims  for  losses  and  damages  incurred  by 
them; claims by end-users of PNI’s services, including class 
action lawsuits that have been filed, and further class action 
lawsuits that may be filed, in Canada and the United States; 
investigations  and  claims  by  various  regulatory  authorities  in 
Canada and the United States; investigation costs; remediation 

C-24  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

costs; and legal fees. The Company will continue to evaluate 
information as it becomes known and will record an estimate 
for  additional  losses  or  expenses  at  the  time  or  times  when 
it  is  both  probable  that  any  loss  has  been  incurred  and  the 
amount of such loss is reasonably estimable. Such losses may 
be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 
The Company maintains network security insurance coverage, 
which the Company expects would help mitigate the financial 
impact of the incident.

In  2013  the  Company  completed  the  sale  of  its  European 
Printing  Systems  Division  (“PSD”),  recognizing  a  preliminary 
loss  on  disposal  of  $81  million  that  is  subject  to  the  impact 
of  a  working  capital  adjustment  to  the  purchase  price. 
On  April  22,  2015,  the  purchaser  commenced  litigation 
in  Amsterdam  District  Court  claiming  that  it  was  entitled 
to  a  purchase  price  adjustment  of  €60  million.  On  April  22, 
2015,  the  Company  made  a  payment  to  the  purchaser  of 
approximately  €4  million  (the  amount  of  the  purchase  price 
adjustment the Company believed was appropriate) and the 
purchaser reduced its claim accordingly. The purchaser further 
reduced its claim to €52 million in response to expert reports 
submitted by the Company in the court case. The court held 
a hearing on December 1, 2015, and on January 13, 2016, 
it issued a judgment rejecting the purchaser’s claims in their 
entirety and awarding costs to the Company. The purchaser 
filed  a  notice  of  appeal  on  February  15,  2016,  which  the 
Company opposed. The Court held a hearing on the appeal on 
September 14, 2016, and its ruling is pending. If the purchaser 
prevails on appeal, it could result in an adjustment, which may 
be material, to the loss we recorded for the transaction.

In  2012,  plaintiff  Bobby  Dean  Nickel  filed  an  employment 
discrimination lawsuit against the Company and its subsidiary, 
Staples Contract & Commercial, Inc. The lawsuit alleged that 
Nickel’s 2011 termination was based on his age (over 40). In 
August 2013, the trial court denied summary judgment on the 
age discrimination claim, but granted it as to all other claims. 

On  February  26,  2014,  after  trial,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict 
in  plaintiff’s  favor,  awarding  him  approximately  $3  million  in 
compensatory  damages  and  approximately  $22  million  in 
punitive  damages.  The  Company  filed  a  series  of  post-trial 
motions  asking  the  trial  court  to  vacate  the  jury  verdict  and 
order  a  new  trial  or,  if  the  verdict  is  not  vacated,  to  reduce 
the  amount  of  damages  awarded  through  the  process  of 
remittitur. The trial court granted judgment notwithstanding the 
verdict as to the punitive damages assessed against Staples, 
Inc., reducing the total judgment to approximately $16 million. 
The  trial  court  also  awarded  Nickel  approximately  $1  million 
in  attorneys’  fees  and  costs.  The  Company  filed  an  appeal 
with  the  California  Court  of  Appeal  in  November  2015  and 
the  matter  was  heard  in  April  2016.  On  May  26,  2016,  the 
Court of Appeal ruled against the Company, and subsequently 
denied  the  Company’s  Request  for  Rehearing.  On  July  5, 
2016,  Staples  filed  a  Petition  for  Review  with  the  California 
Supreme Court. On July 19, 2016, Nickel filed his Answer to 
the  Petition  for  Review  and  on  July  28,  2016,  Staples  filed 
its  Reply  to  Nickel’s  Answer  to  the  Petition  for  Review.  The 
Supreme Court denied the petition for review on August 10, 
2016.  Staples  subsequently  paid  approximately  $22  million 
to  satisfy  the  outstanding  judgment,  including  interest  and 
Nickel’s attorney’s fees and costs.

From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation arising 
from the operation of its business that is considered routine 
and  incidental  to  its  business.  The  Company  estimates 
exposures  and  establishes  reserves  for  amounts  that  are 
probable  and  can  be  reasonably  estimated.  However, 
litigation is inherently unpredictable and the outcome of legal 
proceedings and other contingencies could be unexpected or 
differ from the Company’s reserves. The Company does not 
believe  it  is  reasonably  possible  that  a  loss  in  excess  of  the 
amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements 
as of January 28, 2017 would have a material adverse effect 
on  its  business,  results  of  operations,  financial  condition  or 
cash flows.

  STApLeS  C-25 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE J — INCOME TAXES

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities 
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The approximate tax effect of the significant 
components of Staples’ deferred tax assets and liabilities related to continuing operations are as follows (in millions):

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

Deferred income tax assets:

Deferred rent
Net operating loss carryforwards
Capital loss carryforwards
Employee benefits
Bad debts
Inventory
Insurance
Deferred revenue
Depreciation
Financing
Accrued expenses
Store closures
Acquisition Costs
Other—net

Total deferred income tax assets
Total valuation allowance

Net deferred income tax assets

Deferred income tax liabilities:

Intangibles
Depreciation
Other—net

Total deferred income tax liabilities
Net deferred income tax assets

$20
59
14
87
16
17
32
12
22
1
13
25
—
14
332
(85)
$247

$(91)
(36)
(5)
(132)
$115

$22
70
13
98
18
14
34
11
19
36
20
35
20
10
420
(76)
$344

$(104)
(34)
(3)
(141)
$203

The following table summarizes net deferred income tax assets and liabilities for discontinued operations (in millions):

Net deferred income tax assets
Net deferred income tax liabilities

January 28, 2017
$—
$(2)

January 30, 2016
$7
$(22)

The deferred tax asset from tax loss carryforwards related to 
continuing operations of $59 million represents approximately 
$192 million of net operating loss carryforwards, $80 million 
of  which  are  subject  to  expiration  beginning  in  2017.  The 
remainder has an indefinite carryforward period. 

The valuation allowance increased by $9 million during 2016 
due  to  the  establishment  of  valuation  allowances  in  certain 
foreign  jurisdictions,  in  part  due  to  current  year  operating 
losses for which the Company has concluded it is more likely 
than not a tax benefit will not be realized.

For  financial  reporting  purposes,  income  from  continuing 
operations  before 
following 
components (in millions):

income  taxes 

includes  the 

Pretax income (loss):

United States
Foreign

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes

2016

2015

2014

$(407)
55
$(352)

$463
101
$564

$545
(292)
$253

C-26  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The provision (benefit) for income taxes related to continuing operations consists of the following (in millions):

Current tax expense:

Federal
State
Foreign

Deferred tax expense (benefit):

Federal
State
Foreign

Total income tax expense

2016

2015

2014

$(7)
12
33

52
5
12
$107

$54
3
7

17
1
20
$102

$117
36
14

(52)
(9)
22
$128

See  Note  D  -  Discontinued  Operations  for  the  income  and 
losses from discontinued operations before income taxes and 
related  income  taxes  reported  in  2016,  2015  and  2014.  All 
pre-tax income presented in discontinued operations is related 
to foreign operations.

A  reconciliation  of  the  federal  statutory  tax  rate  to  Staples’ 
effective  tax  rate  on  income  from  continuing  operations  is 
as follows:

Federal statutory rate
State effective rate, net of federal benefit
Effect of foreign taxes
Tax credits
Changes in uncertain tax positions
Goodwill impairment
Change in valuation allowance
Other

Effective tax rate

2016
35.0%
(2.0)
17.8
1.0
(2.3)
(73.1)
(2.9)
(4.0)
(30.5)%

2015
35.0%
2.5
(12.8)
(0.5)
(8.8)
—
1.1
1.6
18.1%

2014
35.0%
(1.7)
(22.1)
(1.1)
(14.4)
46.6
9.8
(1.2)
50.9%

The effective tax rate in any year is impacted by the geographic 
mix  of  earnings.  Additionally,  certain  foreign  operations  are 
subject to both U.S. and foreign income tax regulations, and 
as a result, income before tax by location and the components 
of  income  tax  expense  by  taxing  jurisdiction  are  not  directly 
related. The 2016 and 2014 effective tax rates were unfavorably 
impacted  by  goodwill  impairment  charges  that  were  largely 
non-deductible  (see  Note  C  -  Goodwill  and  Long-Lived 
Assets).  The  2016,  2015  and  2014  effective  tax  rates  were 
favorably impacted by changes in uncertain tax positions. 

The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions and could be 
subject to audit in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve 
complex issues that may require an extended period of time 
to  resolve  and  may  cover  multiple  years.  In  the  Company’s 
opinion,  an  adequate  provision  for  income  taxes  has  been 
made for all years subject to audit.

Income tax payments related to consolidated operations were 
$71 million, $205 million and $204 million during 2016, 2015 
and 2014, respectively.

As  of  January  30,  2016,  the  Company  had  $586  million  of 
undistributed  earnings.  It  is  the  Company’s  intention  to 
indefinitely  reinvest  a  portion  of  the  undistributed  earnings 
outside  of  the  U.S.,  and  for  jurisdictions  not  deemed 
indefinitely reinvested there would be no incremental tax due 
upon  remittance.  Accordingly,  deferred  income  taxes  have 
not been provided for these funds. The determination of the 
amount  of  the  unrecognized  deferred  tax  liability  related  to 
the  undistributed  earnings  is  not  practicable  because  of  the 
complexities  associated  with  its  hypothetical  calculation. 
During  2014,  the  Company  repatriated  $127  million  of  cash 
held by a foreign subsidiary, and as a result recorded income 
tax expense of $11 million in 2014 related to the net tax cost in 
the U.S. stemming from the repatriation.

Uncertain Tax Positions

At January 28, 2017, the Company had $137 million of gross 
unrecognized tax benefits, of which $130 million, if recognized, 
would  affect  the  Company’s  tax  rate.  At  January  30,  2016, 
the  Company  had  $136  million  of  gross  unrecognized  tax 
benefits,  of  which  $127  million,  if  recognized,  would  affect 

the Company’s tax rate. The Company does not reasonably 
expect  any  material  changes  to  the  estimated  amount  of 
liability  associated  with  its  uncertain  tax  positions  through 
fiscal 2017.

  STApLeS  C-27 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The following summarizes the activity related to the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):

Balance at beginning of fiscal year

Additions for tax positions related to current year
Additions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
Reduction for statute of limitations expiration
Settlements

Balance at end of fiscal year

2016
$136
30
8
(8)
(22)
(7)
$137

2015
$216
19
5
(5)
(69)
(30)
$136

2014
$281
22
36
(88)
(17)
(18)
$216

Staples  is  subject  to  U.S.  federal  income  tax,  as  well  as 
income  tax  of  multiple  state  and  foreign  jurisdictions.  The 
Company has substantially concluded all U.S. federal income 
tax matters for years through 2012. All material state, local and 
foreign income tax matters for years through 2002 have been 
substantially concluded. 

Staples’ continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties 
related  to  tax  matters  in  income  tax  expense.  The  Company 
recognized  interest  (benefit)  expense  and  penalties  related  to 
income  tax  matters  of  consolidated  operations  of  $6  million, 
$(6)  million,  $2  million  in  2016,  2015  and  2014,  respectively, 
which was classified in income tax expense. The Company had 
$34 million and $28 million accrued for gross interest and penalties 
as of January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016, respectively.

NOTE K — EQUITY BASED EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

Staples offers its associates share ownership through certain 
equity-based  employee  compensation  and  benefit  plans.  In 
connection with these plans, Staples recognized $61 million, 
$63 million and $64 million of compensation expense for 2016, 
2015 and 2014, respectively, of which approximately $4 million 
related  to  discontinued  operations  for  each  year.  The  total 

income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation was 
$21 million, $20 million, $18 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, 
respectively. As of January 28, 2017, Staples had $66 million 
of  unamortized  stock  compensation  expense  associated 
with  its  equity-based  plans,  which  will  be  expensed  over  a 
weighted-average period of 1.5 years.

Stock Award Plan

Under  the  2014  Stock  Incentive  Plan,  the  Company  may 
grant  restricted  stock  and  restricted  stock  units  (collectively, 
“Restricted  Shares”)  and  non-qualified  stock  options  to 
associates.  Prior  to  June  2014,  Restricted  Shares  and  non-
qualified  stock  options  were  granted  under  the  Company’s 
Amended  and  Restated  2004  Stock  Incentive  Plan.  Shares 
issued  pursuant  to  restricted  stock  awards  are  restricted  in 
that they are not transferable until they vest. Shares underlying 
awards of restricted stock units are not issued until the units 
vest. Non-qualified stock options cannot be exercised until they 
vest.  For  stock  awards  with  service  conditions  only,  vesting 

occurs over different periods, depending on the terms of the 
individual  award,  but  expenses  relating  to  these  awards  are 
recognized on a straight line basis over the applicable vesting 
period.  For  awards  that  include  performance  conditions, 
the  Company  recognizes  compensation  expense  during 
the  performance  period  to  the  extent  achievement  of  the 
performance condition is deemed probable relative to targeted 
performance.  A  change  in  the  Company’s  estimate  of  the 
probable  outcome  of  a  performance  condition  is  accounted 
for  in  the  period  of  the  change  by  recording  a  cumulative 
catch-up adjustment.

Performance Shares

In  April  2013,  March  2014,  March  2015  and  April  2016, 
the  Company  entered  into  long-term  performance  share 
agreements  with  certain  executives.  Each  arrangement 
covers a three year performance period. Payout under these 
arrangements  may  range  from  25%  to  200%  of  target  for 
each performance metric, depending on actual performance. 
Any  award  earned  based  on  performance  achieved  may 
be  increased  or  decreased  by  25%  if  the  Company’s 
cumulative  total  shareholder  return  (“TSR”)  over  the  three 
year performance period is in the top or bottom one-third of 
the S&P 500 TSR, respectively. Shares earned, if any, will be 
issued on a fully-vested basis at the conclusion of the three-
year  performance  period  only  if  the  grantee  is  still  actively 

employed by or serving as a consultant to the Company at that 
time,  with  certain  exceptions  for  retirement,  death,  disability, 
and termination without cause. 

For  the  arrangements  entered  into  in  April  2016,  vesting  is 
based  on  cumulative  performance  over  a  three  year  period 
comprising fiscal years 2016 to 2018, and is 50% based on 
achieving certain operating income growth targets and 50% 
based  on  achieving  certain  return  on  net  assets  percentage 
targets. As of January 28, 2017, the aggregate target number 
of shares for this award is 0.9 million, net of forfeitures, with a 
grant-date fair value of $9 million.

C-28  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

For the arrangements entered into in April of 2013 and March 
of 2014 and March of 2015, vesting for these awards is based 
on performance achieved in each fiscal year, with performance 
targets established at the beginning of each year, and is 50% 
based  on  satisfaction  of  certain  sales  growth  metrics  and 
50%  based  on  achievement  of  certain  return  on  net  assets 
percentage targets.

For  each  performance  period  completed  as  of  the  end  of 
2016, the table below shows the target number of shares, the 
aggregate grant-date fair value, and the percentage of target 
shares earned based on the extent to which the performance 
targets were achieved, subject to adjustment based on TSR at 
the end of the three year performance period.

Performance period

2016

2015

2014

Award date
March 2015
March 2014
March 2015
March 2014
April 2013
March 2014
April 2013

Target number of 
shares (millions)
0.4
0.5
0.5
0.5
0.5
0.6
0.5

Grant date fair 
value (millions)
$3
$4
$7
$9
$8
$7
$6

% of target 
shares earned

50%

78.4%

87.3%

The three year performance period related to the March 2014 
award was complete as of the end of 2016. The shares earned 
related to this award are expected to be issued in March 2017, 
and the amount earned based on performance will be reduced 
by 25% based on the results of the TSR multiplier.

Upon completion of the three-year performance period related 
to the April 2013 award, in April 2016, the Company issued a 
total of 0.8 million shares on a fully vested basis, which reflects 
a 25% reduction related to the TSR multiplier.

Restricted Shares

The following table summarizes activity related to Restricted Shares in 2016:

January 30, 2016

Granted
Vested
Canceled

January 28, 2017

Restricted Shares(1)

Number of Shares 
(in millions)
7
7
(3)
(2)
9

Weighted-Average 
Grant Date Fair 
Value Per Share
$ 13.84
8.18
13.41
11.78
$ 10.04

(1) 

Excludes shares issuable under outstanding performance awards

The weighted-average grant date fair values per share of Restricted Shares granted during 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $8.18, 
$14.68 and $11.73, respectively. The total market value of Restricted Shares vested during 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $37 million, 
$74 million and $54 million, respectively.

Stock Options

The Company did not grant any stock options during 2014, 2015 or 2016. Information with respect to stock options granted in 
2012 and prior is as follows (shares in millions):

Outstanding at January 30, 2016

Granted
Exercised
Canceled
Expired

Outstanding at January 28, 2017

Number of 
Shares
20
—
—
(4)
(2)
14

Weighted-Average 
Exercise Price 
Per Share
$20.36
—
—
20.76
24.52
$19.67

Weighted-Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Term in Years

Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value (1) 
(in millions)

2.32

$0

(1) 

 The intrinsic value of the non-qualified stock options is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds 
the exercise price of an option.

  STApLeS  C-29 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

There were no options exercised in 2016 and the total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2015 and 2014 was $1 million and $1 
million, respectively. All options are fully vested as of January 28, 2017.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Staples  offers  its  associates  the  opportunity  for  share 
ownership pursuant to the Amended and Restated Employee 
Stock  Purchase  Plan.  U.S.  and  International  associates  are 
able  to  purchase  shares  of  Staples  common  stock  at  85% 
of  the  market  price  of  the  common  stock  at  the  end  of  the 

Shares Available for Issuance

offering  period  through  payroll  deductions  in  an  amount  not 
to exceed 10% of an employee’s annual base compensation. 
During 2016 and 2015, the Company issued 4 million and 3 
million shares, respectively, pursuant to this plan.

At January 28, 2017, 64 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under Staples’ 2014 Plan, 2004 Plan, 401(k) 
Plan and employee stock purchase plan.

NOTE L — PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT 
BENEFIT PLANS

The  Company  has  sponsored  pension  plans  that  covered 
certain  employees  in  Europe  and  the  U.S.  As  noted  in 
Note  D  -  Discontinued  Operations,  in  February  2017  the 
Company  completed  the  sale  of  a  controlling  interest  in  its 
European Operations, and in conjunction with that transaction 
transferred  the  assets  and  liabilities  related  to  the  European 
pension  plans  to  the  buyer.  As  noted  in  Note  E  -  Sale  of 
Businesses and Assets, in July 2016 the Company completed 
the sale of SPS, a component of its North American Delivery 
segment, and in connection with that transaction during the 
second  half  of  2016  it  settled  the  pension  obligations  and 
terminated  the  plan  related  to  this  business,  resulting  in  a 
charge of $9 million which is included in (Loss) gain on sale of 
businesses and assets, net in the consolidated statement of 
income for 2016. Following these transactions, the Company 
no longer has obligations related to pension plans.

The Company also sponsors an unfunded post-retirement life 
insurance benefit plan, which provides benefits to eligible U.S. 
executives  based  on  earnings,  years  of  service  and  age  at 

termination of employment. In 2016 the Company amended 
this plan, which had the effect of reducing benefits for certain 
plan  participants.  The  amendment  resulted  in  a  curtailment 
charge  of  $3  million,  which  is  included  in  Selling,  general 
and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of 
income for 2016.

Unless  otherwise  noted,  the  information  contained  in  this 
note  includes  both  continuing  and  discontinued  operations. 
The  amounts  related  to  International  Plans  are  included  in 
discontinued  operations  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheet 
and consolidated statement of income.

The following table presents a summary of the total projected 
benefit  obligation,  the  fair  value  of  plan  assets  and  the 
associated funded status recorded in the consolidated balance 
sheet at January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 (in millions):

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

Projected 
Benefit 
Obligations

Fair Value 
of Plan 
Assets

Funded 
Status

Projected 
Benefit 
Obligations

Fair Value 
of Plan 
Assets

Funded 
Status

$(927)

$978

$ 51

$(924)

$969

$ 45

$ —
(65)
$ (65)

$ —
37
$ 37

$ —
(28)
$(28)

$ (37)
(65)
$(102)

$ 27
37
$ 64

$(10)
(28)
$(38)

Overfunded Plans:
International plans

Underfunded Plans:

U.S. plans
International plans

Total Underfunded Plans

C-30  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The following tables present a summary of the total net periodic cost (income) recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income 
for 2016, 2015 and 2014 related to the plans (in millions):

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of unrecognized losses and prior service costs
Settlement or curtailment loss
Total cost (benefit)

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of unrecognized losses and prior service costs
Total cost (benefit)

Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization of unrecognized losses and prior service costs
Settlement loss
Total cost (benefit)

2016

Pension Plans
International Plans
$11
21
(48 )
14
—
$(2 )

2015

Pension Plans
International Plans
$19
15
(50 )
13
$(3 )

2014

Pension Plans
International Plans
$10
29
(51)
10
—
$(2)

Total
$11
23
(50 )
15
9
$8

Total
$19
17
(52 )
14
$ (2 )

Total
$10
31
(53)
10
1
$(1)

U.S. Plans
$ —
2
(2)
1
9
$10

U.S. Plans
$—
2
(2)
1
$1

U.S. Plans
$—
2
(2)
—
1
$1

Post-retirement 

Benefit Plan

Total
$2
3
—
2
3
$10

Post-retirement 

Benefit Plan

Total
$2
3
—
3
$8

Post-retirement 

Benefit Plan

Total
$1
2
—
2
—
$5

  STApLeS  C-31 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The following table presents the changes in benefit obligations during 2015 and 2016 (in millions):

Projected benefit obligation at January 31, 2015
Service cost
Interest cost
Plan participants’ contributions
Actuarial gains
Benefits paid
Other
Currency translation adjustments
Projected benefit obligation at January 30, 2016
Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial losses (gains)
Benefits paid
Negative amendment
Settlements and curtailments
Currency translation adjustments
Projected benefit obligation at January 28, 2017

Pension Plans
International 
Plans
$1,169
19
15
1
(129)
(44)
(1)
(41)
$989
11
21
43
(43)
—
—
(28)
$993

U.S. Plans
$41
—
2
—
(4)
(2)
—
—
$ 37
—
2
—
(40)
—
1
—
$—

Total
$1,210
19
17
1
(133)
(46)
(1)
(41)
1,026
11
23
43
(83)
—
1
(28)
$993

Post-retirement 

Benefit Plans

Total
$59
2
3
—
(3)
—
—
—
$61
2
3
(13)
—
(7)
(4)
—
$42

The accumulated benefit obligation for the International Plans 
at  January  28,  2017  was  $993  million.  The  accumulated 
benefit  obligation  for  the  U.S.  Plans  and  International  Plans 
at  January  30,  2016  was  $37  million  and  $970  million, 

respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the post-
retirement benefit obligation was $42 million and $61 million at 
January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016, respectively.

The following table presents the changes in pension plan assets for each of the defined benefit pension plans during 2015 and 
2016 (in millions):

U.S. Plans
$31
(2)
—
—
(2)
—
$27
2
11
(40)
—
$—

International 
Plans
$1,106
(28)
10
1
(44)
(39)
$1,006
70
11
(43)
(29)
$1,015

Total
$1,137
(30)
10
1
(46)
(39)
$1,033
72
22
(83)
(29)
$1,015

Fair value of plan assets at January 31, 2015
Actual return on plan assets
Employer's contributions
Plan participants' contributions
Benefits paid
Currency translation adjustments
Fair value of plan assets at January 30, 2016
Actual return on plan assets
Employer's contributions
Benefits paid
Currency translation adjustments
Fair value of plan assets at January 28, 2017

C-32  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

January 28, 2017

International 
Pension Plans
$51
(28)
291
$314

Post-Retirement 
Benefit Plans
$—
(42)
1
$(41)

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet consist of the following (in millions):

Prepaid benefit cost (included in other assets)
Accrued benefit liability (included in other long-term obligations)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Net amount recognized

Prepaid benefit cost (included in other assets)
Accrued benefit liability (included in other long-term obligations)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Net amount recognized

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
(“AOCL”) are comprised of actuarial losses and prior service 
costs. The amount recorded in AOCL as of January 28, 2017 
related to International Plans was written off upon closing of the 

January 30, 2016

Pension Plans

International 
Plans
$45
(28)
283
$300

U.S. Plans
$—
(10)
10
$—

Total
$45
(38)
293
$300

Post-retirement 

Benefit Plans

Total
$—
(61)
31
$(30)

sale of the Company’s European operations in February 2017, 
and will be reflected in the loss on sale to be recognized in the 
first quarter of 2017.

Assumptions Used to Determine Plan Financial Information

The valuation of benefit obligations and net periodic pension 
and  post-retirement  benefit  cost  uses  participant-specific 
information  such  as  salary,  age  and  years  of  service,  as 
well  as  certain  assumptions,  the  most  significant  of  which 

include estimates of discount rates, expected return on plan 
assets,  rate  of  compensation  increases,  interest  rates  and 
mortality rates.

The following table presents the assumptions used to measure the net periodic cost and the year-end benefit obligations for the 
defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans for 2016, 2015 and 2014:

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure net periodic pension cost:

Discount rate
Expected return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure benefit obligations at year-end:

Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase
Rate of pension increase

2016

Pension Plans

U.S. 
Plans

International 
Plans

Post-retirement 
Benefit Plan

4.5%
6.0%
—%

—%
—%
—%

1.9%
4.4%
1.9%

1.5%
1.0%
1.7%

4.4%
—%
—%

4.4%
—%
—%

  STApLeS  C-33 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure net periodic pension cost:

Discount rate
Expected return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure benefit obligations at year-end:

Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase
Rate of pension increase

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure net periodic pension cost:

Discount rate
Expected return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Weighted-average assumptions used to measure benefit obligations at year-end:

Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase
Rate of pension increase

2015

Pension Plans

U.S. 
Plans

International 
Plans

Post-retirement 
Benefit Plan

3.8%
6.0%
—%

4.5%
—%
—%

1.2%
4.4%
1.8%

1.8%
1.8%
1.0%

4.6%
—%
3.5%

4.6%
3.5%
—%

2014

Pension Plans

U.S. 
Plans

International 
Plans

Post-retirement 
Benefit Plan

4.8%
6.0%
—%

3.8%
—%
—%

3.0%
4.7%
1.1%

1.3%
2.0%
1.1%

4.1%
—%
2.5%

4.1%
2.5%
—%

The following table shows the effect on pension obligations at January 28, 2017 of a change in discount rate and other assumptions 
(in millions):

Change in rate of compensation increase:

(0.25)%
No change
0.25%

Change in rate of pension increase:

(0.25)%
No change
0.25%

Change in Discount Rate

(0.25)%

No change

0.25%

$37
38
39

$1
38
77

$(1)
—
1

$(35)
—
37

$(36)
(35)
(34)

$(68)
(35)
(1)

The discount rate used is the interest rate on high quality (AA 
rated) corporate bonds that have a maturity approximating the 
term of the related obligations. In estimating the expected return 
on plan assets, appropriate consideration is taken into account 
of the historical performance for the major asset classes held, or 
anticipated to be held, by the applicable pension funds and of 
current forecasts of future rates of return for those asset classes.

Staples’ investment strategy for pension plan assets was to seek 
a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk 
depending on the funded status of each plan. The majority of 
the  plans’  investment  managers  employed  active  investment 
management  strategies  with  the  goal  of  outperforming  the 
broad markets in which they invest. Risk management practices 
included  diversification  across  asset  classes  and  investment 
styles and periodic rebalancing toward asset allocation targets. 
A portion of the currency risk related to investments in equity 
securities, real estate and debt securities was hedged.

The  target  allocation  reflected  a  risk/return  profile  Staples 
deemed  appropriate  relative  to  each  plan’s  liability  structure 
and  return  goals.  Staples  conducted  periodic  asset-liability 
studies for the plan assets in order to model various potential 
asset  allocations  in  comparison  to  each  plan’s  forecasted 
liabilities and liquidity needs.

Outside  the  United  States,  asset  allocation  decisions  were 
typically  made  by  an  independent  board  of  trustees.  As  in 
the  U.S.,  investment  objectives  were  designed  to  generate 
returns that enable the plan to meet its future obligations. In 
some countries local regulations require adjustments in asset 
allocation,  typically  leading  to  a  higher  percentage  in  fixed 
income than would otherwise be deployed. Staples acted in 
a consulting and governance role via its board representatives 
in reviewing investment strategy, with final decisions on asset 
allocation and investment managers made by local trustees.

C-34  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The Company’s pension plans’ actual and target asset allocations at January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 are as follows:

International Plans
Actual

Target

Asset allocation:
Equity securities
Debt securities
Real estate
Cash
Other
Total

Asset allocation:
Equity securities
Debt securities
Real estate
Cash
Other
Total

26%
67%
6%
—%
1%
100%

January 30, 2016

U.S. 
Plans

Actual
International 
Plans

48%
49%
3%
—%
—%
100%

26%
62%
8%
2%
2%
100%

Total

27%
62%
7%
2%
2%
100%

U.S. 
Plans

50%
50%
—%
—%
—%
100%

Target
International 
Plans

26%
62%
8%
—%
4%
100%

25%
62%
8%
—%
5%
100%

Total

26%
62%
8%
—%
4%
100%

Information on Fair Value of Plan Assets

The fair values of the Company’s pension plan assets at January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 by asset category are as follows 
(in millions):

Asset Category:

Equity securities (1)
Debt securities (2)
Real estate (3)
Cash
Other
Total

January 28, 2017
International Plans

Quoted Prices in 
Active Markets for 
Identical Assets
Level 1
$209
400
64
2
12
$687

Significant Other 
Observable Inputs
Level 2
$40
240
—
—
(6)
$274

Unobservable 
Inputs
Level 3
$14
40
—
—
—
$54

Fair Market Value
$263
680
64
2
6
$1,015

  STApLeS  C-35 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

January 30, 2016

U.S. Pension Plans

Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets

Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs

Unobservable 
Inputs

International Plans

Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets

Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs

Unobservable 
Inputs

Asset Category:

Equity securities (1)
Debt securities (2)
Real estate (3)
Cash
Other
Total

Fair Market 
Value
$13
13
1
—
—
$27

Level 1
$13
5
1
—
—
$19

Level 2
$—
—
—
—
—
$—

Level 3
$—
8
—
—
—
$8

Fair Market 
Value
$264
627
74
25
16
$1,006

Level 1
$209
412
72
13
—
$706

Level 2
$37
211
2
12
—
$262

Level 3
$18
4
—
—
16
$38

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

This category includes investments in equity securities of large, small and medium sized companies in the U.S. and in foreign 
companies, including those in developing countries. The funds are valued using the net asset value method in which an 
average of the market prices for the underlying investments is used to value the fund. For securities with unobservable inputs, 
the value is based on audited statements for the underlying fund.

This category includes investments in investment grade fixed income instrument, U.S. dollar denominated debt securities of 
emerging market issuers and high yield fixed-income securities that are rated below investment grade. The funds are valued 
using the net asset value method in which an average of the market prices for the underlying investments is used to value the 
fund. For securities with unobservable inputs, the value is based on discounted future cash flows.

This category includes investments in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. The funds are valued using the net 
asset value method in which an average of the market prices for the underlying investments is used to value the fund.

The change in the fair value for the pension assets valued using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) was due to the following 
(in millions):

Balance at January 30, 2016

Actual return on plan assets still held at the reporting date
Purchases, sales and settlements

Balance at January 28, 2017

Expected Benefit Payments and Contributions

U.S. Plans
$8
—
(8)
$—

International Plans
$38
16
—
$54

The following table presents the expected benefit payments to pension plan participants for the next five years, and the aggregate 
for the following five years (in millions):

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022-2026

International 
Pension Plans
$41
41
40
40
40
195

These  payments  have  been  estimated  based  on 
the 
same  assumptions  used  to  measure  the  plans’  projected 
benefit  obligation  at  January  28,  2017  and  include  benefits 
attributable  to  estimated  future  compensation  increases  for 
the pension plans.

The 2017 expected benefit payments to plan participants not 
covered  by  the  respective  plan  assets  (that  is,  underfunded 
plans) represent a component of other long-term obligations in 
the consolidated balance sheet.

There are no expected benefit payments and contributions associated with the other post-retirement benefit plans.

C-36  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

Employees’ 401(k) Savings Plan and Other Defined Contribution Plans

Staples’  Employees’  401(k)  Savings  Plan  (the  “401(k)  Plan”) 
is available to all United States based employees of Staples 
who meet minimum age and length of service requirements. 
Contributions by the Company to the 401(k) Plan are made in 
cash. Contributions made prior to January 1, 2017 are subject 
to pro-rata vesting over a five year period. Effective January 1, 
2017, contributions are subject to a three year cliff vest.

The  Company’s  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan 
(the “SERP Plan”), which is similar in certain respects to the 
401(k)  Plan,  is  available  to  certain  Company  executives  and 
other  highly  compensated  employees,  whose  contributions 
to the 401(k) Plan are limited, and allows such individuals to 
supplement their contributions to the 401(k) Plan by making 

pre-tax contributions to the SERP Plan. Company contributions 
to  the  SERP  Plan  are  based  on  a  matching  formula  and 
vest  ratably  over  a  five-year  period.  Other  income  (expense) 
in  the  consolidated  statement  of  income  includes  a  gain  of 
$14  million  in  2016  and  a  loss  of  $9  million  in  2015  related 
to investments associated with the SERP, with corresponding 
and offsetting amounts reflected in compensation expense in 
selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated 
statement of income.

The  expense  associated  with  the  Company’s  match  for  the 
Staples  401(k)  Savings  Plan  and  for  contributions  related  to 
certain foreign defined contribution plans for 2016, 2015 and 
2014 was $36 million, $37 million and $40 million, respectively.

NOTE M — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
LOSS

The following table details the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss (“AOCL”) for 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):

Balance at February 1, 2014
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Deferred pension and other post-retirement 
benefit costs (net of taxes of $18)
Reclassification adjustments:

Release of cumulative translation adjustments to earnings 
upon disposal of foreign businesses (net of taxes of $0)
Amortization of deferred benefit costs (net of taxes of $0)

Balance at January 31, 2015
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Deferred pension and other post-retirement 
benefit costs (net of taxes of $11)
Reclassification adjustments:

Amortization of deferred benefit costs (net of taxes of $0)

Balance at January 30, 2016
Foreign currency translation adjustment
Deferred pension and other post-retirement 
benefit costs (net of taxes of $8)
Reclassification adjustments:

Release of cumulative translation adjustments to earnings 
upon disposal of foreign businesses (net of taxes of $0)
Settlement of pension liability (net of taxes of $6)
Curtailment of post-retirement benefit plan (net of taxes of $8)
Amortization of deferred benefit costs (net of taxes of $2)

Balance at January 28, 2017

Foreign Currency 

Translation Adjustment Deferred Benefit Costs
$(252)
—

$(255)
(403)

—

(2)
—
$(660)
(132)

—

—
$(792)
25

—

6
—
—
—
$(761)

(138)

—
9
$(381)
—

40

17
$(324)
—

(8)

—
9
14
17
$(292)

Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Loss
$(507)
(403)

(138)

(2)
9
$(1,041)
(132)

40

17
$(1,116)
25

(8)

6
9
14
17
$(1,053)

  STApLeS  C-37 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The following table details the line items in the consolidated statements of income affected by the reclassification adjustments 
during 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):

Selling, general and administrative
Loss on sale of businesses, net
Income (loss) before tax
Income tax benefit
Income (loss) from continuing operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Net income (loss)

Amount reclassified from AOCL
2014
2016
$9
$2
—
9
(2)
(18)
(1)
(7)
(11)
(1)
(6)
(6)
$(17)
$(7)

2015
$4
—
(4)
—
(4)
(13)
$(17)

NOTE N — COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON 
SHARE

The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows (in millions, except per share data):

Numerator:

(Loss) income from continuing operations
(Loss) income from discontinued operations
Net (loss) income

Denominator:

Weighted-average common shares outstanding
Effect of dilutive securities:

Employee stock options and restricted shares 
(including performance-based awards)

Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution
Basic Earnings per share
Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations
Diluted Earnings Per Share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

January 28, 2017

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016

January 31, 2015

$(459)
(1,038)
$(1,497)

649

—
649

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$(0.71)
(1.60)
$(2.31)

$462
(83)
$379

642

5
647

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$0.71
(0.12)
$0.59

$125
10
$135

641

5
646

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

$0.19
0.02
$0.21

For 2016, 2015 and 2014, approximately 29 million, 20 million and 30 million equity instruments, respectively, were excluded from 
the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.

C-38  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE O — SEGMENT REPORTING

The Company changed its reportable segments in the fourth 
quarter  of  2016  as  a  result  of  an  organizational  realignment 
related  to  its  20/20  strategic  plan.  The  Company  now  has 
two reportable segments: North American Delivery and North 
American Retail. North American Delivery consists of the U.S. 
and Canadian businesses that sell and deliver products and 
services directly to businesses and includes Staples Business 
Advantage, Quill.com, Staples.com and Staples.ca. The North 
American Retail segment comprises the Company’s retail store 
operations in the U.S. and Canada. The Company’s segment 
information for 2015 and 2014 has been revised to reflect this 
change in the Company’s reportable segments.

Staples evaluates performance and allocates resources based 
on profit or loss from operations before goodwill and long-lived 
asset impairment charges, restructuring charges, accelerated 
depreciation and inventory write-downs associated with exit or 
disposal activities, merger-related costs, litigation costs, stock-
based  compensation,  income  or  loss  associated  with  the 
Company’s  supplemental  executive  retirement  plan,  interest 
and other expense, costs related to the previously announced 
PNI data security incident and non-recurring items, (“business 
unit income”). Intersegment sales and transfers are recorded 
at Staples’ cost; therefore, there is no intercompany profit or 
loss recognized on these transactions.

As a result of reporting its European businesses as discontinued 
operations  (see  Note  D  -  Discontinued  Operations),  the 
Company  will  no  longer  report  an  International  Operations 
segment.  The  Company’s  operations  in  Australia,  Asia,  and 
South America are included in “Other” in the tables below.

Staples’ North American Delivery and North American Retail 
segments are managed separately because the way they sell 
and market products is different and the classes of customers 
they service are different.

Asset  information  by  reportable  segment  has  not  been 
presented, since this information is not regularly reviewed by 
the Company’s chief operating decision maker.

The  following  is  a  summary  of  sales,  business  unit  income, 
and  depreciation  and  amortization  expense  by  reportable 
segment (in millions):

Sales:

North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other

Total sales

Business Unit Income (Loss):

North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other

Total business unit income

Depreciation & Amortization:

North American Delivery
North American Retail
Other

Total segment depreciation & amortization

Accelerated depreciation related to restructuring activities

Total depreciation & amortization

2016

2015

2014

$10,636
6,662
949
$18,247

$10,731
7,169
864
$18,764

$10,664
8,055
965
$19,684

$672
317
(11)
$978

$189
178
21
$388
—
$388

$621
379
(16)
$984

$185
183
28
$396
3
$399

$595
432
(35)
$992

$173
184
33
$390
8
$398

  STApLeS  C-39 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The following is a reconciliation of total business unit income to (loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes 
(in millions):

Total business unit income
Unallocated expense, net (1)
Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets
(Loss) gain related to sale of businesses and assets, net
Restructuring charges and costs related to strategic plans
Interest and other expense, net
Merger-related costs
Litigation costs
Inventory write-downs
Accelerated depreciation
PNI data security incident costs

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes

2016
$978
(73)
(783)
(55)
(45)
(88)
(272)
(14)
—
—
—
$(352)

2015
$984
(49)
(37)
(5)
(105)
(149)
(53)
—
(1)
(3)
(18)
$564

2014
$992
(64)
(469)
29
(158)
(43)
—
—
(26)
(8)
—
$253

(1) 

 Unallocated expense includes stock-based compensation and income or loss associated with the Company’s supplemental 
executive retirement plan.

The following table shows the Company’s sales by each major category as a percentage of total sales for the periods indicated:

January 28, 2017
24.9%
19.8%
13.0%
9.0%
11.6%
6.1%
9.2%
6.4%
100.0%

Fiscal Year Ended
January 30, 2016
24.6%
20.6%
13.5%
9.1%
10.6%
6.4%
8.9%
6.3%
100.0%

January 31, 2015
25.6%
20.0%
14.3%
9.2%
10.0%
6.3%
8.6%
6.0%
100.0%

2016

2015

2014

$14,974
2,324
949
$18,247

$15,567
2,333
864
$18,764

$16,022
2,697
965
$19,684

January 28, 2017

January 30, 2016

January 31, 2015

$976
145
26
$1,147

$1,109
144
33
$1,286

$1,172
167
14
$1,353

Core office supplies
Ink and toner
Business technology
Paper
Facilities and breakroom
Computers and mobility
Services
Office furniture and chairs

Geographic Information:

Sales:

United States
Canada
Other International

Total sales

Long-lived Assets:

United States
Canada
Other International

Total long-lived assets

C-40  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

NOTE P — QUARTERLY SUMMARY (UNAUDITED)

The following table summarizes quarterly information for 2016 and 2015:

(In millions, except per share amounts) (1)
First 
Quarter

Second 
Quarter

Third 
Quarter

Fourth 
Quarter

Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2017

Sales
Gross profit

Income (loss) from continuing operations
Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

Consolidated net income (loss)
Basic earnings per common share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Diluted earnings per common share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Fiscal Year Ended January 30, 2016

Sales
Gross profit

Income from continuing operations
Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes

Consolidated net income
Basic earnings per common share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

Dilutive earnings per common share:

Continuing operations
Discontinued operations
Consolidated operations

$4,570
1,152
$56
(15)
$41

$0.09
$(0.03)
$0.06

$0.09
$(0.03)
$0.06

$4,274
1,069
$(108)
(658)
$(766)

$(0.17)
$(1.01)
$(1.18)

$(0.17)
$(1.01)
$(1.18)

$4,842
1,303
$207
(28)
$179

$0.32
$(0.04)
$0.28

$0.32
$(0.05)
$0.27

$4,560
1,234
$(615)
(337)
$(952)

$(0.94)
$(0.52)
$(1.46)

$(0.94)
$(0.52)
$(1.46)

First 
Quarter

Second 
Quarter

Third 
Quarter

Fourth 
Quarter

$4,684
1,193
67
(8)
$59

$0.10
$(0.01)
$0.09

$0.10
$(0.01)
$0.09

$4,387
1,126
62
(26)
$36

$0.10
$(0.04)
$0.06

$0.10
$(0.04)
$0.06

$4,998
1,362
203
(5)
$198

$0.32
$(0.01)
$0.31

$0.31
$—
$0.31

$4,695
1,227
130
(44)
$86

$0.20
$(0.07)
$0.13

$0.20
$(0.07)
$0.13

(1) 

The sum of the quarterly amounts may not tie to the full year amounts due to rounding.

  STApLeS  C-41 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

The  table  below  shows  certain  pretax  items  of  income  or  expense  included  in  Income  (loss)  from  continuing  operations  for 
each period:

Footnote  
Reference
Note C
Note C
Note B

Note E

Note Q
Note I

Footnote  
Reference
Note Q
Note B
Note B
Note C
Note I
Note E
Note B

Description
Impairment of goodwill
Impairment of long-lived assets
Costs related to restructuring 
and strategic plans
Loss on sale of businesses 
and assets, net
Merger-related costs
Litigation

Description
Merger-related costs
Restructuring charges
Accelerated Depreciation
Impairment of long-lived assets
PNI data security incident costs
(Gain) loss on sale of assets, net
Inventory write-downs

($ in millions) (1)

Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2017
Third  
Quarter
—
2

Second  
Quarter
—
15

6

16
283
16

6

2
—
—

($ in millions) (1)

Fiscal Year Ended January 30, 2016
Third  
Quarter
40
14
—
2
3
—
1

Second  
Quarter
34
15
—
1
—
(1)
—

First  
Quarter
—
—

11

32
52
—

First  
Quarter
15
39
3
22
—
(1)
—

Fourth  
Quarter
749
17

23

5
—
(3)

Fourth  
Quarter
58
37
—
11
16
7
—

(1) 

The sum of the quarterly amounts may not tie to the full year amounts due to rounding.

NOTE Q — TERMINATION OF MERGER AGREEMENT 
WITH OFFICE DEPOT

On February 4, 2015, Staples announced that it had signed a 
definitive agreement to acquire Office Depot, a global supplier 
of office products, services and solutions for the workplace. On 
December 7, 2015, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and 
Canadian  Commissioner  of  Competition  each  filed  lawsuits 
against the Company and Office Depot, seeking to block the 
proposed  merger  and  prevent  the  acquisition  from  closing. 
On  May  10,  2016,  the  U.S.  District  Court  for  the  District  of 
Columbia granted the Federal Trade Commission’s request for 
a preliminary injunction against the proposed acquisition, and 
as  a  result  Staples  and  Office  Depot  terminated  the  merger 
agreement  on  May  16,  2016.  Per  the  terms  of  the  merger 
agreement,  on  May  19,  2016  Staples  paid  Office  Depot  a 
$250 million break-up fee.

In connection with the termination of the merger agreement, 
Staples also terminated the previously announced agreement 
to sell customer contracts representing more than $550 million 
of revenue and related assets to Essendant Inc.

In  2016  and  2015,  the  Company  incurred  expenses  of 
$24 million and $53 million in connection with the transaction, 
primarily  related  to  professional  services  associated  with 
seeking  regulatory  clearances.  Of  the  expenses  incurred 
in  2016,  $21  million  were  included  in  selling,  general  and 
administrative  expense  and  $3  million  were  included  in 
discontinued  operations  in  the  consolidated  statements  of 
income.  All  of  the  expenses  incurred  in  2015  were  included 
in selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company 
also incurred fees and interest related to term loan financing for 
the transaction, as discussed below.

C-42  STApLeS  Form 10-K

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)Appendix C

TRANSACTION FINANCING

In  connection  with  the  Company’s  proposed  acquisition  of 
Office  Depot,  during  2015  Staples  obtained  commitments 
for a 5-year $3 billion asset-based revolving credit facility and 
a  6-year  $2.75  billion  term  loan.  On  February  2,  2016,  the 
Company entered into a definitive term loan agreement with a 
syndicate of lenders, and Barclays as administrative agent and 
collateral agent, under which it borrowed $2.5 billion in the first 
quarter of 2016. The $2.475 billion of net proceeds from the 
term loan were deposited into escrow accounts.

As  a  result  of  the  termination  of  the  merger  agreement,  the 
agreements governing the term loan and commitments for the 
asset-based revolving credit facility were terminated, and on 
May 13, 2016 the $2.5 billion par value of the term loan was 
repaid to the lenders. The receipt of the $2.475 billion of net 
proceeds  and  subsequent  repayment  of  the  loan  at  par  are 
not  reflected  in  the  condensed  consolidated  statements  of 
cash  flows,  given  that  the  proceeds  were  deposited  directly 
into escrow rather than into the Company’s unrestricted cash 
accounts, and were repaid to the lenders directly from escrow.

The  Company  paid  interest  and  fees  related  to  these 
sources of financing of $156 million in 2016. Of this amount, 
$91  million  was  accrued  in  2015;  and  $39  million  was 
recorded as interest expense in 2016, respectively; and $26 
million  was  recorded  as  a  loss  on  early  extinguishment  of 
debt in 2016, related to the acceleration of the unamortized 
balances of the $25 million original issue discount (“OID”) and 

$2 million of deferred financing costs related to the term loan. 
The Company also earned $2 million of interest income on the 
amounts held in escrow.

During  2016  the  Company  made  cash  payments  totaling 
$66  million  into  the  escrow  accounts,  representing  deposits 
for the 1.0% OID and for the monthly interest payments related 
to the term loan. These amounts are included in Increase in 
restricted  cash  within  the  Investing  Activities  section  of  the 
condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for 2016. Of 
the $156 million of total interest and fees paid during 2016:

•  $68 million was paid directly from the escrow accounts 
to  the  lenders  (representing  the  $66  million  paid  into 
escrow plus the $2 million of interest income earned on 
the  funds  held  therein).  Because  these  payments  were 
made directly from escrow, they are considered non-cash 
operating activities that are not reflected in the condensed 
consolidated statements of cash flows.

•  $88  million  was  paid  from  Staples  unrestricted  cash 
accounts.  This  amount  is  reflected  in  the  Operating 
activities  section  of 
the  condensed  consolidated 
statement of cash flows for 2016.

There  were  no  amounts 
January 28, 2017.

remaining 

in  escrow  as  of 

  STApLeS  C-43 

STAPLES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIESNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) i  STAPLES, INC. SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND 

QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

Valuation and qualifying account information related to operations is as follows (in millions):

Accounts Receivable Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Fiscal year ended:
January 31, 2015
January 30, 2016
January 28, 2017

Balance at 
Beginning of 
Period

Additions Charged 
to Expense

Deductions— 
Write-offs, Payments 
and Other 
Adjustments

Balance at End 
of Period

16
26
21

32
23
25

22
28
28

26
21
18

C-44  STApLeS  Form 10-K

 i EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.

2.1**+

2.2**^

2.3^

3.1^

3.2^

3.3^

4.1^

4.2^
4.3^
10.1^

10.2^

10.3^

10.4^

10.5^

10.6*^

10.7*^

10.8*^

10.9*^

10.10*^

10.11*^

10.12*^
10.13*^

10.14*^

10.15*^

10.16*^

10.17*^

Description

Signing Protocol dated December 7, 2016, by and among Promontoria Holding 192 B.V., Staples Cyprus Intermediary 
Holdings Ltd., and with respect to paragraph 14 thereof, the Company.
Sale and Purchase Agreement Regarding Issued Shares in the Capital of Staples Solutions B.V. dated February 2, 2017, 
by and among Staples Cyprus Intermediary Holdings Ltd., Promontoria Holding 192 B.V., Staples Solutions B.V., and the 
Company. Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on March 3, 2017.
Memorandum of Understanding dated February 23, 2017, by and among Staples Cyprus Intermediary Holdings Ltd., 
Promontoria Holding 192 B.V., Staples Solutions B.V., and the Company. Filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K 
filed on March 3, 2017.
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated as of September 29, 2008. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q 
for the quarter ended November 1, 2008.
Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 4, 2012. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K 
filed on June 8, 2012.
Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, dated January 24, 2017. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s 
Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2017.
Indenture, dated January 15, 2009, by and among the Company and HSBC Bank USA, National Association. Filed as 
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2009.
Form of 2.750% Senior Note due 2018. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2013.
Form of 4.375% Senior Note due 2023. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2013.
Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2016, by and among Staples, Inc., Bank of America, N.A. and the other 
lenders named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders, as the lender of Swing Line Loans, 
and as an Issuing Bank, and Barclays Bank PLC, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, MUFG Union Bank N.A. and 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as co-syndication agents for the Lenders. (Including schedules and exhibits). 
Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed November 22, 2016.
Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2008, among the Company, Banc 
of America Securities LLC and the other parties thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended August 2, 2008.
Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2008, among the Company, 
Lehman Brothers Inc. and the other parties thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended August 2, 2008.
Letter, dated as of September 29, 2008, assigning Lehman Brothers Inc. interests to Barclays Capital Inc., for the 
Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2008, among the Company, 
Lehman Brothers Inc. and the other parties thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended November 1, 2008.
Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2008, among the Company, JP Morgan 
Securities Inc. and the other parties thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
November 1, 2008.
Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for 
the quarter ended October 30, 2010.
Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Stock 
Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2011.
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as 
Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2014.
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as 
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 3, 2013.
Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. 
Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2011.
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as 
Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2010.
2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 8-K filed on June 2, 2014.
Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Annual Grant) under the 2014 Stock Incentive 
Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 2, 2014.
Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Independent Chair, Lead Director and 
Committee Chairs) under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended August 2, 2014.
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the 
Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 2, 2014.
Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the 
Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 2, 2014.
Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended August 2, 2014.

  STApLeS  D-1 

Exhibit No.
10.18*^

10.19*^

10.20*^

10.21*^

10.22*^

10.23*^

10.24*^

10.25*^

10.26*^

10.27*^

10.28*^

10.29*^

10.30*^

10.31*^

10.32*^

10.33*^

10.34*^

10.35*^

10.36*+
10.37*+
10.38*+
10.39*^
10.40*+
10.41*+
10.42*+
10.43*+
10.44*^

10.45*^

14.1+
21.1+
23.1+
31.1+
31.2+
32.1++
32.2++
101.INS+
101.SCH+
101.CAL+

Description

Amendment to 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed 
on June 2, 2015.
Non-Management Director Compensation Summary. Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended July 30, 2016.
Form of Severance Benefits Agreement signed by executive officers of the Company. Filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the 
Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013.
Amended and Restated Executive Officer Incentive Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed 
on June 8, 2012.
Form of Proprietary Interest Protection Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended November 2, 2013.
Form of Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended February 2, 2013.
Form of Proprietary and Confidential Information Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended February 2, 2013.
Form of Indemnification Agreement signed by executive officers and directors of the Company. Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to 
the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2009.
Form of Outside Directorship Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
January 28, 2012.
Second Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated March 10, 2006, by and between the Company 
and Ronald L. Sargent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2006.
Amendment, dated December 22, 2008, to Second Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated 
March 13, 2006, by and between the Company and Ronald L. Sargent. Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2009.
Second Amendment, dated January 13, 2015, to Second Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated 
March 13, 2006, by and between the Company and Ronald L. Sargent. Filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the Company’s 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015.
Amendment C, dated October 12, 2015, to Second Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated 
March 13, 2006, by and between the Company and Ronald L. Sargent. Filed as Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016.
Letter Agreement dated May 31, 2016 between Staples, Inc. and Ronald L. Sargent. Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the 
Company’s Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2016.
Letter Agreement, dated June 13, 2016, by and between the Company and Shira Goodman. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the 
Company’s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2016.
Letter dated June 15, 2016, from the Company to Shira Goodman. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed 
on June 15, 2016.
Letter dated September 26, 2016, from the Company to Shira Goodman. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 
8-K filed on September 27, 2016.
Letter Agreement dated September 29, 2016, between the Company and John Wilson. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the 
Company’s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2016.
Letter dated January 23, 2017, from the Company to Joe Doody.
Revocation of Severance Benefits Agreement dated February 1, 2017, by and between the Company and Joe Doody.
Long Term Care Insurance Plan Summary.
Survivor Benefit Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on January 29, 2005.
First Amendment to the Staples, Inc. Survivor Benefit Plan, dated December 20, 2016.
Executive Life Insurance Plans Summary of Provisions.
Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan through December 20, 2016.
Annual Performance Award Plan for fiscal year 2016.
Senior Executive Long Term Disability Supplemental Coverage Reimbursement Policy. Filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the 
Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015.
Tax Services Reimbursement. Filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
January 29, 2011.
Staples Code of Conduct.
Subsidiaries of the Company.
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
Principal Executive Officer-Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Principal Financial Officer-Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Principal Executive Officer-Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Principal Financial Officer-Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
XBRL Instance Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

D-2  STApLeS  Form 10-K

Exhibit No.
101.DEF+
101.LAB+
101.PRE+

XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.
XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.

Description

*  

**  

^  

+  

++  

A  management  contract  or  compensatory  plan  or  arrangement  required  to  be  filed  as  an  exhibit  to  this  annual  report 
pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K.

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the Company hereby agrees to supplementally furnish to the SEC upon request 
any omitted schedule to the Exhibit.

An  exhibit  previously  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  Unless 
otherwise indicated, such exhibit was filed under Commission File Number 0-17586.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

  STApLeS  D-3 

.

.

l

y
n
a
p
m
o
c
e
y
g
r
a
w
w
w
 
y
b
 
d
e
r
a
p
e
r
p
 
d
n
a
 
d
e
n
g
i
s
e
D

Staples helps business customers succeed by providing a broad assortment of products, expanded business services and easy ways to shop — in stores, online, via mobile or through social apps. Staples Business Advantage®, the business-to-business division, caters to mid-market, commercial and enterprise-size customers by offering a one-source solution for the products and services they need, combined with best-in-class customer service, competitive pricing and a state-of-the-art eCommerce site. Headquartered outside of Boston, Staples, Inc. operates primarily in the United States and Canada, with additional operations in South America and Asia. More information about Staples (NASDAQ: SPLS)  is available at staples.com®. Corporate InformationCorporate OfficesStaples, Inc.500 Staples DriveFramingham, MA 01702Telephone: 508-253-5000Internet Address: staples.comTransfer Agent and Registrar Computershare is the Transfer Agent and Registrar   for the Staples, Inc. common stock and maintains   stockholder accounting records. Please contact   the Transfer Agent directly concerning changes in   address, name or ownership, lost certificates and   consolidation of multiple accounts. When corresponding   with the Transfer Agent, stockholders should reference   the exact name(s) in which the Staples stock is registered   as well as the certificate number.ComputershareP.O. Box 30170College Station, TX 77842-3170Telephone:Domestic Shareowners: 888-875-9002Foreign Shareowners: 201-680-6578Hearing Impaired:Domestic Shareowners: 800-231-5469Foreign Shareowners: 201-680-6610Internet Address:computershare.com/investorFinancial InformationTo request financial documents such as this Annual Report, which contains Staples’ Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, please visit Staples’ website, staples.com, call our toll-free investor hotline at 800-INV-SPL1 (800-468-7751), or send a written request to the attention of Investor Relations at Staples’ corporate address.Investor RelationsInvestor inquiries may be directed to:Christopher Powers,Vice President, Investor RelationsTelephone: 800-468-7751Email: investor@staples.comGeneral InformationMembers of the media or others seeking general information about Staples should contact the Corporate Communications Department at 508-253-8530.Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmErnst & Young LLP200 Clarendon StreetBoston, MA 02116DividendOn March 7, 2017, Staples, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend on Staples, Inc. common stock of $0.12 per share. On an annualized basis, the quarterly dividend is equal to $0.48 per share. The first quarter 2017 cash dividend was paid on April 13, 2017, to shareholders of record on March 24, 2017.Direct Stock Purchase Plan and Dividend ReinvestmentPurchase of Staples, Inc. common stock can be made through a Direct Stock Purchase Plan administered byComputershare. Dividends on Staples, Inc. common stock may be automatically invested in additional shares. Contact Computershare at 888-875-9002 for more information.Board of DirectorsDrew FaustPresident,Harvard UniversityCurtis FeenyManaging Director,Voyager CapitalPaul-Henri FerrandVice President,Google, Inc.Shira GoodmanChief Executive Officer,Staples, Inc. Deborah HenrettaSenior Advisor,SSA & Company and General AssemblyKunal KamlaniPresident,  ESL Investments, Inc.John LundgrenFormer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Carol MeyrowitzExecutive Chairman,The TJX Companies, Inc.Robert SulenticChairman,Staples, Inc.President and Chief Executive Officer,CBRE Group, Inc.Vijay VishwanathPartner,Bain & CompanyPaul WalshSenior Managing Director, Calera CapitalBusiness  focused.STAPLES 2016 ANNUAL REPORTStaples, Inc., 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702  |  508-253-5000  |  staples.com®Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy StatementFocus on the future.2016 Annual ReportPR05258