Dear Shareholders, 

Starbucks was founded in 1971 and over the past five decades has built one of the world’s most admired 
and trusted brands around a mission that celebrates the joy of human connection and the romance of 
all things coffee. 

It is a privilege to share with you some of the extraordinary events and milestones that have shaped this 
past year for Starbucks Coffee Company. I believe in the power of a team, and it is an honor to work 
with Starbucks world-class leadership team. Together, we understand our responsibility to lead our 
company into the future by remaining true to our mission to inspire and nurture the human spirit, while 
at the same time reimagining the future of Starbucks. We are now writing our next chapter of growth 
and value creation for Starbucks partners, customers and our shareholders. And we continue to build 
the company by further elevating the Starbucks Experience, showing our love for all things coffee, and 
remaining true in our constant pursuit of doing good. 

It’s amazing to consider that each week we serve 100 million customer occasions in nearly 30,000 stores 
around the world. And at the center of creating that warm and welcoming Starbucks experience is a 
diverse group of more than 350,000 partners who proudly wear the green apron.  

Growing at scale 

Over the past two years, we have set the foundation for our next chapter of growth. In fiscal year 2018, 
we surpassed 29,000 stores in 78 markets around the world. We reached a record net revenue in fiscal 
year 2018 of $24.7 billion, up 10 percent over the prior year, and grew non-GAAP EPS1 by 17 percent to 
$2.42 per share. We were pleased with the trajectory of the business as we closed fiscal year 2018, 
reaffirming our plans for sustainable growth while challenging the status quo, elevating the customer 
experience, investing in and empowering our partners, operating with discipline and adapting with 
agility.  

As we look ahead to the future, we have a plan to not only generate long-term growth and shareholder 
value for the company, but to continue to build a brand that creates an emotional connection with our 
partners and customers. We streamlined the business around several initiatives: global retail market 
alignment, business simplification, the execution of our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, and an 
increased velocity of innovation.   

This approach has helped us gain operating leverage to drive progress against our three strategic 
priorities: 1) accelerate growth in the United States and China, 2) expand the global reach of the 
Starbucks brand by leveraging our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, and 3) increase returns to 
shareholders. 

                                                           
1 Non-GAAP measure. FY18 GAAP EPS was $3.24 per share. A reconciliation of non-GAAP EPS 
with GAAP EPS is available at the end of this letter. 
 

Having a clear strategic plan allows us to stay focused on our customers and our partners and elevating 
the role of the third place, providing both a sense of community and the ease of convenience for busy 
lives in the digital age. We are driving growth at scale in ways that also enhance the cultural relevancy 
and heritage of our brand. Our teams are focused on the customer experience in our stores, new 
beverages that delight our customers, and extending our digital reach and relevance with customers 
around the globe. 

We have embraced opportunities to amplify the Starbucks brand around the world. Following our first 
Reserve Roastery in Seattle, we have now opened Starbucks Reserve Roasteries in Shanghai, Milan and 
New York. Customers are still lining up around the block to become immersed in the ultimate coffee and 
roasting experience. Further, our alliance with Nestlé is helping us bring Starbucks into grocery aisles in 
new markets around the world. Through this partnership, Nestlé will bring Starbucks to a potential reach 
of 5 million points in 190 countries through its Nespresso and Dolce Gusto single-serve platforms.  

Building A Different Kind of Company 

As ceo there are many things I have learned to be true about the importance of Starbucks heritage and 
commitment to the third place and the communities we serve. Our continued growth requires that we 
stay true to the foundation of the brand promise that built this great company. Everything we do must 
be in service of our partners and the customer experience we ask them to create each day in our stores. 
Customers choose Starbucks, and we must continue to earn each visit.  

Our partners choose Starbucks because they believe in our mission, because we live our values, and 
because we work together to create opportunity and fulfill aspirations.  On average, our retail partners 
stay with us longer than anyone else. We provide meaningful benefits for full-time but also part-time 
workers, ranging from the opportunity to earn a four-year college degree through Arizona State 
University in the United States, to offering a critical illness insurance program for the parents of 
Starbucks partners in China.   

We are on a journey to support and better understand one another, and to become better listeners, 
learners and leaders. This year, we reached 100 percent gender and racial pay equity for U.S. partners 
performing similar work and committed to achieving pay equity for our partners in company-operated 
markets globally. And, we again distributed Bean Stock to almost 200,000 partners in 21 markets around 
the world and applaud the more than 12,000 Starbucks partners working toward a college degree 
through the Starbucks College Achievement Program. 

Our quest to serve the world’s most sustainable coffee begins with our commitment to support coffee 
farmers, their communities and the communities in which we sell their coffee.  We have shown this 
commitment by: donating 30 million disease-resistant coffee trees that are creating harvests that are 
sustaining families and coffee around the world; planned investment of $50 million in the Starbucks 
Global Farmer Fund; and building an infrastructure to donate 100 percent of our unsold food, where 
possible, in our 8,000 company owned U.S. stores. This year we also committed to eliminating single-use 
plastic straws from our more than 28,000 company operated and licensed stores by 2020 and to 
operating 10,000 “Greener Stores” by 2025. In our hometown of Seattle, we partnered with Mary’s 

Place and the community of Seattle to raise more than $2 million to help 900 families with children find 
permanent housing as part of the local “No Child Sleeps Outside” campaign. 

 

I am so proud of the year we have had together. Our leadership team is focused on honoring our 
heritage while reimagining our future. At the same time, we remain committed to executing with 
discipline while returning $25 billion of cash to shareholders through fiscal year 2020. As I reflect on the 
past 10 years of my Starbucks journey, and the past two years as chief executive officer, every day is a 
privilege to serve you and Starbucks partners around the world. Together we share a passion to be a 
part of something bigger – to be a different kind of company – one that believes the pursuit of profit is 
not in conflict with the pursuit of doing good.   

With great respect,  

 

Kevin  

 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained herein are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the 
applicable securities laws and regulations. Generally, these statements can be identified by the use of 
words such as “anticipate,” “expect,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “feel,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,” 
“plan,” “potential,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions intended to identify 
forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying 
words. These statements are based upon information available to Starbucks as of the date hereof, and 
Starbucks actual results or performance could differ materially from those stated or implied due to risks 
and uncertainties associated with its business. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
to, the risks detailed in the company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the 
“Risk Factors” section of Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 
2018. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 

RECONCILIATION OF SELECTED GAAP MEASURES TO NON-GAAP MEASURES 

 

 
Consolidated 

Year Ended 

Sep 30, 
 2018 

 

Oct 1, 
 2017 

   
 

 
$ 

   
  $ 

 
Diluted net earnings per share (GAAP) 
East China acquisition gain 
Sale of Taiwan joint venture operations 
Sale of Tazo brand 
Restructuring, impairment and optimization costs (1) 
CAP transaction and integration-related items (2) 
Sale of Brazil retail operations 
Sale of Singapore retail operations 
Sale of Germany retail operations 
The Starbucks Foundation donation 
2018 U.S. stock award (3) 
Nestlé transaction related costs 
Other tax matters (4) 
Income tax effect on Non-GAAP adjustments (5) 
Non-GAAP net earnings per share 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
(0.06 )     
(0.01 )     
0.03  
   
—  
   
—  
   
—  
   
(0.04 )     
2.06  
 
(1)  Represents restructuring, impairment and business optimization costs and inventory write-offs 

3.24  
(0.99 )   
(0.11 )   
(0.25 )   
0.17  
 
0.16  
 
0.01  
 
—  
 
—  
 
—  
 
0.03  
 
0.04  
 
0.13  
 
(0.02 )   
2.42  

1.97  
—  
—  
—  
0.11  
0.04  
—  

  $ 

$ 

(2) 

related to these efforts recorded within cost of sales including occupancy costs. 
Includes transaction costs for the acquisition of our East China joint venture and the divestiture of 
our Taiwan joint venture; ongoing amortization expense of acquired intangible assets associated 
with the acquisition of our East China joint venture and Starbucks Japan; and the related post-
acquisition integration costs, such as incremental information technology and compensation-related 
costs. 

(3)  Represents incremental stock-based compensation award for U.S. partners (employees). 
(4)  Represents the estimated impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, specifically the transition tax on 

undistributed foreign earnings and re-measurement of deferred taxes. 
Income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments was determined based on the nature of the underlying 
items and their relevant jurisdictional tax rates. 

(5) 

 

 

Change 

64.5% 

17% 

