 
Dear Fellow Shareholders: 

 

2017 marked another successful year for SYNNEX, in which we achieved record 

revenues, and Non-GAAP Income and EPS.  Equally important, we made significant 

investments across our business segments in alignment with our strategy of growing 

partner revenue and profit through unique and differentiated products and services. 

We set the bar high and our results reflect another year of outstanding performance:  

  Consolidated SYNNEX revenue of $17 billion, an increase of 21.2 percent from 2016. 

  Diluted non-GAAP earnings per share of $8.86, an increase of 25.9 percent from 2016. 

  Operating cash flow of $176 million.  

  Adjusted Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) of 11.3 percent.  

  Cash Dividends per Share of $1.05, an increase of 23.5 percent from 2016. 

  Technology Solutions segment revenue exceeded $15 billion for the first time and non-

GAAP operating income of $413 million, representing a 29.8 percent increase over 

fiscal 2016, with non-GAAP operating margin of 2.7 percent. 

  The completion of the Westcon-Comstor Americas acquisition in September 2017, the 

largest acquisition in the history of SYNNEX. This highly complementary business has 

already begun to generate accretive margin revenue to our Technical Solutions 

segment, and fills key line card and capability gaps in the growing network, UCC and 

security markets. 

  Concentrix segment revenue of nearly $2 billion, which put us solidly at number five 

globally for CRM BPO companies.  Non-GAAP operating margin for Concentrix was 

 

 

above 9 percent and adjusted EBITDA was $246 million. As well, in August, we 

acquired Tigerspike, a strategic complement to our current portfolio with new digital 

mobility offerings across our client base.  

With a tenured and talented leadership team that has driven exceptional execution, combined 

with a unique and differentiated strategy, we believe SYNNEX has never been better 

positioned for continued growth and success.  

One of the key elements of our success at SYNNEX is that we continually challenge ourselves 

to be relevant to all stakeholders, including investors, associates, customers and partners. Our 

focus on enhancing and growing the profitability of our partners within our eco-systems helps 

us to maintain our relevance. We recognize that all our business segments are in rapidly 

changing markets and we will continue to invest in each, organically and inorganically, in order 

to maintain and grow our market leadership positions.  

Since the founding of SYNNEX, one of the key principles we strive to deliver each and every 

day are the 3Vs:  Visibility, Velocity and Value.  One of the great strengths of SYNNEX is that, 

despite growing our revenue, capabilities and global reach, we have been able to keep the 3Vs 

alive while maintaining an entrepreneurial spirit throughout the organization.  This is a key 

reason why we have been successful since our inception and why we believe 2018 represents 

another year of potential to grow our business.    

Three specific areas of focus in 2018 that continue from 2017 that we believe will improve 

revenue, margins, cash flows and earnings per share going forward are: 

 
Investments:  We have made significant organic investments in our business and will 

 

continue to do so. These investments have benefited our cloud-related businesses in our 

Technology Solutions segment and our automation of services in our Concentrix segment, as 

examples.  Investing in areas where growth and change in marketplaces are occurring has 

allowed us to gain market share and position us well for 2018 and beyond.  We also made 

inorganic investments with our acquisition of Westcon-Comstor Americas and Tigerspike, 

introducing new partners, services and solutions, which we believe will benefit us in the coming 

years.  

Integration:  We continue to build on our success as we integrate acquisitions in Technology 

Solutions and Concentrix businesses by bringing staff quickly into our culture.  In 2018, we will 

integrate the Westcon-Comstor North America business into our Technology Solutions ERP 

system.  We believe our partners will experience a smooth and successful transition and we 

will gain significant synergies from this effort.  Tigerspike has provided an entrée to new 

Concentrix relationships and we believe our existing clients are beginning to realize the value 

of our digital offerings.  

Execution: Our ability to effectively navigate complex markets, efficiently operate in over 35 

countries and profitably grow in a competitive environment has been achieved by an 

experienced and talented team possessing deep knowledge in the markets we serve.  We 

continue to out-execute our competition and consistently demonstrate the ability to drive scale 

and remain agile, while maintaining our low-cost advantage. 

With the close of our fiscal 2017 we also announced that, effective March 1, 2018, Dennis Polk 

was appointed President and CEO, as Kevin Murai retired from these duties and was 

 
appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors.  This is a natural evolution for our business and 

 

we expect a very smooth transition without losing focus on driving our success. Given that 

SYNNEX is a very team-oriented culture and that we are so fortunate to work with the best 

leaders in our industry, we are confident that SYNNEX is well positioned for significant long-

term growth that will deliver increased shareholder return. 

Sincerely, 

  

Kevin Murai 
President, Chief Executive 
Officer and Director 
 

 
 

 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Dennis Polk 
Chief Operating Officer and 
Director 
 

Statements in this letter to stockholders that are forward-looking, such as those regarding our investments in 
business segments and areas where growth and change in marketplaces are occurring; our potential to grow our 
business in 2018; our focus on enhancing and growing the profitability of our partners, as well as our focus on 
investments, integration of acquired businesses, and execution leading to improved revenue, margins, cash flows 
and earnings per share; the benefits of organic and inorganic investments, including the impact of our recent 
acquisitions; our integration in 2018 of the Westcon-Comstor North America business into our Technology 
Solutions ERP system and the transition’s smoothness,  success and gained synergies; our continued ability to 
out-execute our competition, drive scale, remain agile and maintain our low-cost advantage, our expectations with 
respect to the impact of our leadership changes, and our being well-positioned for significant long-term growth, 
success and increased shareholder return, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause 
our actual results in future periods to be materially different from any future performance that may be suggested in 
this letter. Additional information concerning potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 
30, 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements contained in this letter.  
  
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

In addition to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, SYNNEX also uses non-GAAP diluted 
earnings per share, adjusted return on invested capital (“ROIC”), non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP 
operating margin attributable to our Technology Solutions segment, and  non-GAAP operating margin and 
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("Adjusted EBITDA") attributable to our 

 
Concentrix segment, which are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude acquisition-related and integration 
expenses, restructuring costs, the amortization of intangible assets and the related tax effects thereon. 

 

SYNNEX management uses non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate the 
business, to establish operational goals, and in some cases for measuring performance for compensation 
purposes. These non-GAAP measures are intended to provide investors with an understanding of SYNNEX’ 
operational results and trends that more readily enable investors to analyze SYNNEX' base financial and 
operating performance and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons and analysis of operational trends, as well 
as for planning and forecasting in future periods. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures are 
useful to investors in allowing for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used by 
management in its financial and operational decision-making. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not 
calculated in accordance with GAAP, they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures 
employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a 
substitute for the comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with the Company's 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to their GAAP equivalents is set forth on the following page. 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

Copyright 2018 SYNNEX Corporation. All rights reserved. SYNNEX, the SYNNEX Logo, CONCENTRIX, and all 
other SYNNEX company, product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of 
SYNNEX Corporation. SYNNEX, the SYNNEX Logo, and CONCENTRIX Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. Other names 
and marks are the property of their respective owners. 

 

 

