THROUGH OUR LENS...

DIRECTOR PATTY JENKINS AND GAL GADOT ON THE SET OF WONDER WOMAN (2017).

...WE TELL THE  
WORLD’S BEST STORIES

“2016 WAS A YEAR IN 
WHICH WE ONCE AGAIN 
DEMONSTRATED AN 
UNRIVALED COMBINATION OF 
FINANCIAL AND CREATIVE 
ACHIEVEMENT”

NCAA MARCH MADNESS

A MESSAGE FROM  
THE CHAIRMAN 
AND CEO 

Jeff Bewkes

2016 ANNUAL REPORT

A

s the media and entertainment industry 
transforms, all of us at Time Warner are 
proud to be helping lead the evolution 
while delivering a combination of 

consistently strong ﬁnancial results and unrivaled 
creative achievement.  

We continue to make investments and bold 
moves to enable us to sustain our success for 
many years to come, none more exciting than 
the agreement we announced last October to 
combine with AT&T Inc.

In 2016, revenues increased 4% to $29.3 billion, 
Operating Income grew 10% to $7.5 billion and 
Adjusted Operating Income grew 10% to  
$7.6 billion, with record results at each of our 
divisions. Diluted Income per Common Share 
from Continuing Operations (“EPS”) was up  
8% to $4.94 per share and Adjusted EPS was 
up 23% to $5.86 per share. Looking back over 
the past eight years, we delivered a total return 
to shareholders that outpaced our media and 
entertainment peer group average and more  
than doubled the S&P 500.  

Creatively, 2016 was another exceptional year, 
with Warner Bros. leading all studios in supplying 
television programming to the broadcast networks 
and having its second-best year ever at the 
global theatrical box office, along with a growing 
consumer products business that is drawing on 
franchises such as DC Entertainment, LEGO and 
J.K. Rowling’s Wizarding World. Turner again was 
a leader among ad-supported cable networks, 
maintaining industry-leading positions at TBS, TNT 
and Adult Swim and garnering tremendous ratings 
growth at CNN. And Home Box Office continued 
to raise the bar in premium pay television in a year 
that extended its long-running streak of bringing 
home more Primetime Emmy Awards than any 
other network, while also introducing the most-
watched new series in its history, Westworld, 
which is produced by Warner Bros. 

Harnessing technology to help our businesses 
deliver more choice, convenience and value to 
consumers remains one of our most important 

3

strategic priorities. Among many examples
are great digital-ﬁrst products from CNN, 
Bleacher Report and Machinima; innovative 
direct-to-consumer offerings, such as HBO
NOW; Turner’s new FilmStruck arthouse
ﬁlm service; Warner Archive; and our new 
Boomerang-branded service, which Turner
and Warner Bros. have jointly launched to
offer a trove of our best animation.

You can read more about our divisions’
accomplishments on the following pages 
and see images from some of our past and
upcoming hits. As always, the bedrock of 
our company continues to be the incredible
talent we attract to work with us every day: 
from producers, showrunners, directors,
writers and actors; to the people who make
it all look so easy through set or costume 
designs, lighting or computer wizardry; to
the brilliant business and marketing minds
who ensure that all the great storytelling
and programming that we capture through
our lens lights up screens around the globe; 
and to our dedicated and hardworking
journalists. The way
people experience our
content is changing 
rapidly, but the global 
appetite for it is
increasing, and our
collective dedication 
to telling the world’s 
best stories has never 
been greater.

Recognizing the 
strength and potential 
of our businesses in 
this dynamic era, last 
fall AT&T Inc. made
an offer to acquire Time Warner, and our 
Board of Directors unanimously approved
the merger agreement on October 22, 2016.
Our shareholders approved and adopted
the merger agreement at a special meeting

of shareholders this past February. Pending the 
receipt of certain required regulatory consents or 

“THE BEDROCK OF 
OUR COMPANY LIES 
IN THE INCREDIBLE 
TALENT WE ATTRACT 
TO WORK WITH 
US EVERY DAY”

reviews, the merger is on 
track to close before year-
end 2017.

This represents an exciting 
new chapter for our 
company that accelerates 
the execution of our strategy 
to satisfy consumers’ ever-
evolving expectations. AT&T 
shares our vision that the 
future of media is going 
to be driven not just by 
creating and distributing 
the very best video content 
and brands to audiences 

around the world, but doing so in new and
innovative ways that deliver value to us, to our 
business partners and especially to consumers. 
By combining our leading brands and content 
in television, ﬁlm, videogames and digital with

People of Earth • Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them

4

2 0 1 6   A N N U A L   R E P O R T

WESTWORLD

AT&T’s vast distribution capabilities and customer
relationships, we believe we will accelerate our
ability to innovate, develop and deliver the next
generation of video services. This will make our
content more valuable, and spur innovation across
the media and entertainment industry.

In addition to the strategic opportunities
presented by putting our businesses together
under one roof, the AT&T transaction also
represents a very good outcome for shareholders. 
The merger consideration includes an attractive
premium and a mix of cash and AT&T stock,
which allows our shareholders to participate in 
the upside of a combined company that will be 
uniquely situated to help deﬁne the future of 
telecommunications, media and technology and 
strengthen our position as home to the world’s 
best storytellers. 

As we look forward to this exciting new era for 
both Time Warner and AT&T, we’re also mindful
that nothing we have achieved and will achieve

is possible without the dedication and creativity
of our thousands of employees worldwide. In 
addition to their commitment to our business 
goals, our employees and management care
about the communities in which we work and
live, and we are committed to continuing to 
foster a workforce that reﬂects both the global
marketplace in which we operate and the diversity 
of voices and perspectives within it. 

On behalf of all of us at Time Warner, thank you 
again for your trust and conﬁdence.

Jeff Bewkes
Chairman and CEO
April 28, 2017

5

ANDERSON COOPER 360°

TURNER DELIVERS THE 
BEST IN ENTERTAINMENT, 
SPORTS, KIDS AND NEWS

2016 HIGHLIGHTS 

• TBS, TNT and Adult Swim held three of the top 

ﬁve slots for ad-supported cable networks in 
the U.S. in primetime among adults 18 to 49.

• In sports, the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball 

National Championship game aired for the ﬁrst time
on cable and the tournament generated record 
revenue across platforms; NBA on TNT had the 
network’s most-watched telecast ever; and ELEAGUE, 
our entry into the growing eSports category, debuted.

• CNN had its best year on record and was the

#1 digital news destination. On the night of the U.S.
presidential election, CNN ranked #1 in primetime 
across both cable and broadcast networks.

• Turner increased its international networks by 12, 

• TBS was the #1 entertainment network in primetime

bringing its worldwide total to more than 175. 

for the fourth consecutive year, and successfully 
introduced new originals, including The Detour
and Full Frontal with Samantha Bee.

• Adult Swim was the #1 network among 

18- to 34-year-olds for the 12th year 
in a row. 

6

2 0 1 6   A N N U A L   R E P O R T

• In Latin America, Turner had the #1-rated pay 

TV network portfolio and the most-watched pay TV
channel, Cartoon Network, for the third straight year. 

• Turner debuted streaming video-on-demand (SVOD) 

service FilmStruck for fans of arthouse ﬁlms and 
developed new Boomerang-branded SVOD service in 
partnership with Warner Bros., which launched in 2017.

Impractical Jokers • NBA on TNT • Rick and Morty • Full Frontal with Samantha Bee • Good Behavior • The Powerpuff Girls • Angie Tribeca

7

GAME OF THRONES

HOME BOX OFFICE
SETS THE GOLD STANDARD
IN PREMIUM VIDEO

2016 HIGHLIGHTS 

• Under the HBO and Cinemax brands, operated
television and over-the-top (OTT)  services with
134 million subscribers at year end in more than
60 countries in Latin America, Europe and Asia.
HBO’s programming is also licensed in over
150 countries.

• Winner of 22 Primetime Emmy Awards, more than

any other network for the 15th straight year.

• Westworld, produced by Warner Bros., was the 

biggest debut of a new series in HBO history,
with viewership surpassing Game of Thrones’
ﬁrst season.

8

2 0 1 6   A N N U A L   R E P O R T

• Game of Thrones’ sixth season hit a record of 

close to 26 million average viewers per episode. 
It has now won more Emmy Awards than any other 
scripted series in history. 

• Strong pipeline of original series with well-received

debuts of Insecure, Divorce, Vice Principals and High 
Maintenance and acclaimed limited series The Night 
Of and

Big Little Lies (in 2017).

f

• Record viewership in late night for Last Week Tonight 

with John Oliver and 

r

Real Time with Bill Maher.

• In early 2017, HBO surpassed 2 million domestic OTT

subscribers less than two years after launching.

• HBO expanded OTT distribution on Microsoft’s Xbox,
Samsung smart TVs, Sony’s PlayStation and Amazon 
Prime Channels. 

• Launched new OTT services in Spain, Brazil and

Argentina. 

Veep • Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel • Last Week Tonight with John Oliver • Silicon Valley • Insecure • Ballers • Big Little Lies (2017)

9

JUSTICE LEAGUE (2017)
JUSTICE LEAGUE

WARNER BROS. IS
THE GLOBAL LEADER
IN ENTERTAINMENT

2016 HIGHLIGHTS 

• The #1 producer of primetime television series for the

U.S. broadcast networks for the 2016-2017 season 
for the eighth year in a row, including the #1 overall
series, The Big Bang Theory, and the #1 non-scripted 
series The Voice.

• Strong franchise focus on DC Entertainment 
characters included cinematic hits Batman v 
Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad; 
10 series on television for the 2016-2017 season 
and videogames like the upcoming Injustice 2. Fans 
spent $4.5 billion on DC-related consumer products. 

• Warner Bros. ranked #1 in home entertainment, 

a position it has held for 15 years, drawing on its vast
content library with more than 80,000 hours of ﬁlm 
and TV programming. 

• Produces local ﬁlm and television content in more

than 20 international territories. 

• Overall, Warner Bros. is producing 75 series for the 

• Formed Warner Bros. Digital Networks division in 

2016-2017 television season in the U.S., and licenses
its programming in over 190 countries. 

• Films generated close to $5 billion in receipts at the
global box office, with the studio ranking #2 for the
year, making it Warner Bros.’ second-best year ever. 

2016, whose portfolio includes the Boomerang-
branded SVOD service (a partnership with Turner), and 
Machinima and DramaFever, both acquired in 2016.

• Largest videogame publisher among all television 

and ﬁlm studios.

10

2 0 1 6   A N N U A L   R E P O R T

Dunkirk (2017) • Supergirl • The Big Bang Theory • Blade Runner 2049 (2017) • The Ellen DeGeneres Show • The LEGO Batman Movie (2017)

11

BOARD OF DIRECTORS & MANAGEMENT

TIME WARNER BOARD OF DIRECTORS

TIME WARNER SENIOR CORPORATE EXECUTIVES

Jeffrey L. Bewkes
Chairman of the Board and CEO, Time Warner Inc.

Jeffrey L. Bewkes
Chairman of the Board and CEO

James L. Barksdale
Chairman and President,  
Barksdale Management Corporation

William P. Barr
Former Attorney General of the United States

Robert C. Clark
Distinguished Service Professor, Harvard University

Mathias Döpfner
Chairman and CEO, Axel Springer SE

Jessica P. Einhorn
Former Dean, Paul H. Nitze School of  
Advanced International Studies (SAIS),  
The Johns Hopkins University

Carlos M. Gutierrez
Co-Chair, Albright Stonebridge Group

Fred Hassan
Partner and Managing Director, Warburg Pincus LLC

Paul D. Wachter
Founder and CEO, Main Street Advisors, Inc.

Deborah C. Wright  
Former Chairman of Carver Bancorp, Inc.

Howard M. Averill
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Paul T. Cappuccio
Executive Vice President and General Counsel

Gary L. Ginsberg
Executive Vice President,  
Corporate Marketing and Communications

Karen Magee
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Human Resources Officer

Carol A. Melton
Executive Vice President, Global Public Policy

Olaf Olafsson
Executive Vice President, International and 
Corporate Strategy

TIME WARNER SENIOR OPERATING EXECUTIVES

John K. Martin, Jr.
Chairman and CEO, Turner

Kevin Tsujihara
Chairman and CEO, Warner Bros.

Richard Plepler
Chairman and CEO, Home Box Office

12

2 0 1 6   A N N U A L   R E P O R T

TIME WARNER INC.

INDEX TO COMPANY INFORMATION

Company Description . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statement of Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statement of Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selected Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Quarterly Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comparison of Cumulative Total Returns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reconciliations and Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Page
3
16
25

60
61
62
63
64
65
120
121
123
124
126
127

1

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

2

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

Time Warner Inc. (the “Company” or “Time Warner”), a Delaware corporation, is a leading media and entertainment

company. The Company classifies its businesses into the following three reportable segments:

• Turner, consisting principally of cable networks and digital media properties;

• Home Box Office, consisting principally of premium pay television and OTT services (as defined below)

domestically and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally; and

• Warner Bros., consisting principally of television, feature film, home video and videogame production and

distribution.

For more information about the Company’s reportable segments, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results

of Operations and Financial Condition — Overview.”

As used in this 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders, the term “affiliates” refers to distributors that deliver packages of
networks to their subscribers, including cable system operators, satellite service distributors and telephone companies
(“traditional affiliates”) and virtual multichannel video programming distributors (“virtual MVPDs”); and the term “OTT
services” refers to services that deliver video content to consumers over the Internet and includes subscription video-on-
demand (“SVOD”) services and advertising-supported VOD (“AVOD”) services such as social media platforms and user-
generated content digital platforms, but does not include virtual MVPDs.

On October 22, 2016, Time Warner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with AT&T
Inc. (“AT&T”), West Merger Sub, Inc. and West Merger Sub II, LLC, pursuant to which Time Warner will combine with
AT&T in a stock-and-cash transaction. The Merger Agreement has been approved unanimously by the boards of directors of
both companies. Time Warner shareholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of shareholders held on
February 15, 2017. Subject to the satisfaction of the remaining conditions in the Merger Agreement, upon consummation of
the merger, Time Warner’s shareholders will receive per share consideration consisting of $53.75 in cash and a specified
number of shares of AT&T stock, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and determined by reference to the average of the
volume weighted averages of the trading price of AT&T common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) on each
of the 15 consecutive NYSE trading days ending on and including the trading day that is three trading days prior to the
closing of the merger (the “Average Stock Price”). The stock portion of the per share consideration will be subject to a collar
such that if the Average Stock Price is between $37.411 and $41.349, Time Warner shareholders will receive shares of
AT&T stock equal to $53.75 in value for each share of Time Warner common stock. If the Average Stock Price is below
$37.411, Time Warner’s shareholders will receive 1.437 AT&T shares for each share of Time Warner common stock. If the
Average Stock Price is above $41.349, Time Warner shareholders will receive 1.300 AT&T shares for each share of Time
Warner common stock. The merger is conditioned on the receipt of certain antitrust and other required regulatory consents.
The merger is expected to close before year-end 2017.

Time Warner’s business is focused on the production and distribution of high-quality video content to take advantage of
growing global demand. Time Warner’s businesses work together to leverage their strong brands, distinctive intellectual
property and global scale to produce and distribute content that resonates deeply with consumers. As the television industry
continues to evolve, with developments in technology, rapid growth of new video services and shifting consumer viewing
habits, Time Warner is well-positioned to address and capitalize on these changes. Accordingly, the Company is focused on
both strengthening its position within the traditional TV ecosystem and pursuing growth opportunities outside the ecosystem,
including increasing the content and services offered directly to consumers.

Within the traditional TV ecosystem, the Company is a leader in improving the value of traditional multichannel video
service subscriptions for consumers and affiliates. The Company is continuing to increase its investment in high-quality
distinctive programming, make more of its content available on-demand and on a growing variety of devices and invest in
technology to enhance the consumer experience. To make television advertising on Turner’s networks more attractive and
valuable to advertisers and more relevant to consumers, Turner is pursuing a number of initiatives, including developing new
advertising offerings that use data and analytics to enable advertisers to better reach their target audiences and improve their
ability to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements.

3

The Company is also capitalizing on growth opportunities outside the traditional TV ecosystem by increasing its
investments in new digital products and technologies, including launching OTT services, as well as investing in and
obtaining distribution of its content through other companies’ OTT services. To support this effort, Time Warner is investing
in content that will appeal to consumers who view it in a multi-platform, on-demand environment and building technological
capabilities, such as in data analytics, video transport and digital product management. In addition, the Company is focused
on increasing the digital sales and rentals of its film and television content and is a leader in various initiatives designed to
make digital ownership of content more compelling for consumers.

The merger with AT&T is consistent with the Company’s strategy of ensuring that its content is available to consumers on
a wide range of distribution platforms. The Company expects the merger will accelerate the Company’s efforts to spur
innovation in the media industry and improve the consumer experience in pay television bundles by creating compelling
consumer offerings and developing more targeted advertising offerings, and it will accelerate and reduce the risk in Time
Warner’s strategy to distribute content through other online and mobile services, including those offered directly to
consumers.

At December 31, 2016, the Company had a total of approximately 25,000 employees.

BUSINESSES

Turner

Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (“Turner”) creates and programs branded news, entertainment, sports and kids multi-
platform content for consumers around the world. Turner operates more than 175 channels globally. In the U.S., its networks
and related businesses and brands include TNT, TBS, Adult Swim, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Turner Sports, Bleacher
Report, the NBA and NCAA digital properties, Cartoon Network, Boomerang, CNN, the CNN digital network, HLN and
iStreamPlanet. Outside the U.S., Turner’s portfolio of brands and digital businesses reaches consumers in more than 200
countries and territories.

Turner’s programming is primarily distributed by affiliates and is available to subscribers of the affiliates for viewing live
and on demand on television and on various Internet-connected devices through the affiliates’ services and Turner’s network
apps. Turner is also pursuing non-traditional distribution options for its programming, including launching SVOD services.
Some of Turner’s programming is also available on other companies’ OTT services. Turner generates revenues principally
from licensing programming to affiliates that have contracted to receive and distribute the programming to subscribers, the
sale of advertising on its networks and the digital properties it owns or manages for other companies, and the license of its
original programming and its brands and characters for consumer products and other business ventures.

Turner’s digital properties consist of its own digital properties and those it manages and/or operates for sports leagues
where Turner holds the related programming rights. Turner’s CNN digital network is the leading digital news destination,
based on the number of average monthly domestic multi-platform unique visitors for the year ended December 31, 2016, and
Turner’s Bleacher Report was the leading digital sports destination across Facebook, Instagram and Twitter for the year
ended December 31, 2016 (based on data sourced from CrowdTangle). Turner’s other digital properties include its apps for
CNN, TBS, TNT, Adult Swim and Cartoon Network, which enable viewers who subscribe to those networks through an
affiliate to view the network programming live and on demand through the apps, as well as tntdrama.com, TBS.com,
adultswim.com and cartoonnetwork.com. Digital properties Turner manages and/or operates for sports leagues include
NBA.com, the NBA app, NCAA.com, the NCAA March Madness Live app and PGA.com.

Turner continues to focus on improving the value of traditional multichannel video service subscriptions for consumers
and affiliates and enhancing the value of television advertising for advertisers. It is strengthening the programming on its
cable networks by increasing its investment in high-quality original programming, modifying the mix of programming on its
networks to increase the amount of original programming and re-branding some of its networks. In 2016, Turner launched
rebrands of TNT and TBS, shifting its programming toward high-quality distinctive original series that are aimed at engaging
younger audiences across multiple viewing platforms. In addition, over the past several years, Turner has broadened the
scope of CNN’s programming to include compelling storytelling about important events, people and places through original

4

programming, long-form documentaries and films and has strengthened the programming at truTV, where it has rebranded
the network to focus on comedy-driven reality and scripted series aimed at young adults. Turner also is continuing to expand
the amount of its programming available on demand to its affiliates’ subscribers, including complete current seasons of
programming from Turner’s networks. As part of its efforts to deliver more value to advertisers and improve the consumer
experience, Turner continues to support industry efforts to improve the measurement of viewing and audience engagement
across all platforms and is offering new data- and analytics-driven advertising products to enable advertisers to better reach
their target audiences and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, while making advertisements more relevant to
consumers. In addition, in 2016, Turner began reducing the advertising loads on primetime original programs on truTV and
on certain new original series on TNT.

Turner is also increasing its investments in new digital technology and products and different types of content to capitalize
on growth opportunities outside the traditional TV ecosystem. To improve its digital streaming capabilities, in 2015, Turner
acquired a majority ownership interest in iStreamPlanet Co., LLC (“iStreamPlanet”), a provider of streaming and cloud-
based video and technology services that specializes in streaming large scale, live sporting events. In November 2016, Turner
launched its first domestic SVOD service, FilmStruck, which offers contemporary and classic arthouse, independent and
foreign films and related content. In April 2017, Turner and Warner Bros. launched a new domestic SVOD service under the
Boomerang brand that offers new original animated series and kids programming from Warner Bros.’ and Turner’s
animation libraries. Turner is also developing content for distribution outside the traditional television ecosystem. These
initiatives include Great Big Story, an independent storytelling brand that creates original digital content aimed at urban
millennial audiences and is distributed via social media platforms, and Super Deluxe, a comedy-focused digital production
studio that produces content for its own audiences on social media platforms, as well as other programming distributors and
sponsors. Turner is also increasingly investing in programming for its networks that will engage audiences across multiple
platforms.

Turner is continuing to increase its scale and strengthen its competitive position internationally through strategic regional
channel launches, partnerships and acquisitions in key territories, and it is placing greater emphasis on creating local
programming to strengthen its brands internationally.

Entertainment

Domestic Entertainment

Turner’s domestic entertainment networks collectively provide a blend of original series, acquired series and movies,
sports and reality programming. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Turner’s TBS, TNT and Adult Swim were three of
the top five primetime advertising-supported cable networks among adults 18-49 in the U.S., and Adult Swim was the top
advertising-supported cable network in total day among adults 18-34 in the U.S. Turner has been increasing the amount of
original programming on TNT and TBS, and it plans to continue to do so over the next several years. Ownership of a larger
portion of its content provides Turner the flexibility to offer consumers access to more of its content through on demand
platforms and take advantage of increasing licensing opportunities both domestically and internationally. In addition, Turner
has made significant investments in premium sports programming and motion pictures that air on its entertainment networks,
including licensing the cable network television rights to popular films from franchises such as Warner Bros.’ franchise films
based on DC Entertainment characters and the Star Wars, Marvel Comics and The Hunger Games film franchises, all of
which will air exclusively on TBS and TNT.

TNT is focused on distinctive dramas and is home to syndicated series and a growing roster of original series, as well as
sports and network premiere motion pictures. As of December 2016, TNT reached 91.0 million domestic television
households as reported by Nielsen Media Research (“Nielsen”). For the 2016-2017 season, TNT’s returning original series
include The Last Ship, The Librarians and Major Crimes, and its new original series include Animal Kingdom and Good
Behavior. For the 2016-2017 season, TNT’s syndicated series include Bones, Castle, Charmed, Grimm and Supernatural.
The network’s upcoming slate includes several new original dramas, including The Alienist, Claws and Will, many of which
are co-produced and co-owned by Turner. TNT and TBS are home to the Screen Actors Guild Awards, and TNT, TBS and
truTV are home to the iHeartRadio Music Awards.

TBS is focused on fresh comedies aimed at a younger audience, with a growing roster of original series, as well as sports
and acquired television series and movies. As of December 2016, TBS reached 92.5 million domestic television households

5

as reported by Nielsen. For the 2016-2017 season, TBS’ returning original series include American Dad, Angie Tribeca, The
Detour and Wrecked, and its new original series include The Guest Book, People of Earth and Search Party. Syndicated
series for the 2016-2017 season include 2 Broke Girls, The Big Bang Theory, Family Guy, Friends, New Girl and Seinfeld.
TBS is also the home of the late night talk shows Conan and Full Frontal with Samantha Bee.

Adult Swim is an evening and overnight block of programming airing on Turner’s Cartoon Network. As of December
2016, Adult Swim reached 91.6 million domestic television households as reported by Nielsen. Adult Swim is aimed at
millennial audiences and offers original and syndicated animated and live-action comedy programming. For the 2016-2017
season, Adult Swim’s original series include Black Jesus, Check It Out with Dr. Steve Brule, Dream Corp, LLC., The Eric
Andre Show, Infomercials, Mike Tyson Mysteries, Mr. Pickles, Rick & Morty, Robot Chicken, Samurai Jack, Squidbillies,
Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell and The Venture Bros.

truTV focuses on comedy-driven reality and scripted series aimed at young adult audiences with the tag line “Funny
because it’s tru.” As of December 2016, truTV reached 87.6 million domestic television households as reported by Nielsen.
For the 2016-2017 season, truTV’s returning original series include Adam Ruins Everything, Billy on the Street, The
Carbonaro Effect, Fameless, Hack My Life, Impractical Jokers and its first scripted series (Those Who Can’t), and its new
original series include Greater Ever, I’m Sorry, Jon Glaser Loves Gear, Talk Show the Game Show and Upscale with
Prentice Penny.

Turner Classic Movies is a commercial-free network that presents classic films from some of the largest film libraries in
the world. Turner Classic Movies also offers interviews, original documentaries, specials and regular programming events
that include “The Essentials,” “31 Days of Oscar” and “Summer Under the Stars.”

International Entertainment

Outside the U.S., Turner owns and/or operates regional entertainment networks providing a variety of programming, such
as motion pictures and series, documentaries, fashion and lifestyle content, music videos, sports and travel. In Latin America,
Turner is the number one provider of multichannel television in the region and owns and operates regional entertainment
networks, including Glitz*, HTV, I-Sat, MuchMusic, Space, TBS, TCM, TNT, TNT Serie, truTV and Warner TV. Turner
also owns and operates Chilevisión, a free-to-air television broadcaster in Chile, and Esporte Interativo, a Brazilian linear
television channel and OTT service that airs sports programming, including programming from South American and
European soccer leagues. Turner also operates several regional entertainment networks in Europe, the Middle East and Asia.

Sports

Turner Sports produces award-winning sports programming and content for Turner’s TNT, TBS and truTV networks,
their related digital properties and Bleacher Report, a leading digital sports property that provides team-specific sports
content and real-time event coverage. Turner’s sports programming helps drive value across its networks in the form of
higher affiliate fees, ratings and advertising rates as well as more promotional opportunities.

Turner’s sports programming features licensed programming from the National Basketball Association (“NBA”) through
the 2024-2025 season, Major League Baseball (“MLB”) through 2021, The National Collegiate Athletic Association (the
“NCAA”) for the Men’s Division I Basketball Tournament through 2032, and the Professional Golfers’ Association (“PGA”)
through 2019. NBA games and PGA tournaments air on the TNT network, and MLB games air on the TBS network. TNT
airs the studio program Inside the NBA and the reality competition series, The Dunk King. Turner also operates NBA TV, an
advertising-supported cable network owned by the NBA, featuring NBA exhibition, regular season and playoff games and
related programming. The NCAA Men’s Division I Basketball Tournament games air on the TNT, TBS and truTV networks
and on the CBS network under an agreement among Turner, CBS Broadcasting, Inc. and the NCAA. Turner also has
partnered with WME|IMG to form ELEAGUE, a multiplayer competitive videogaming league. Live coverage of ELEAGUE
gaming events and a weekly showcase program airs on TBS and live coverage of the events and related on-demand
programming are also available through the Twitch OTT platform.

Kids

Cartoon Network and Boomerang offer original, acquired and classic animated and live-action entertainment aimed at
kids in the U.S. and international territories. Turner has been focused on significantly expanding its global kids business,

6

increasing its collaboration with Warner Bros. on television programming based on Warner Bros.’ and DC Entertainment’s
brands and characters and growing its consumer products business. The collaboration with Warner Bros. is intended to drive
the success of Cartoon Network and Boomerang and foster broader global exposure for Warner Bros.’ existing brands and
franchises while also helping launch new long-term franchises and increase consumer product sales. Warner Bros. is
producing original animated programming based on its characters and brands for Cartoon Network and Boomerang, and
Turner and Warner Bros. are jointly producing original animated programming such as Be Cool Scooby Doo, New Looney
Tunes and The Tom and Jerry Show. As described above, in April 2017, Turner and Warner Bros. launched a new domestic
SVOD service under the Boomerang brand.

Cartoon Network offers original and syndicated animated and live-action series and motion pictures for youth and
families. As of December 2016, Cartoon Network reached 91.6 million domestic television households as reported by
Nielsen. For the 2016-2017 season, Cartoon Network’s original animated series include Warner Bros.’ Be Cool, Scooby Doo,
Justice League Action and Teen Titans Go!, as well as Adventure Time, The Amazing World of Gumball, Clarence, Mighty
Magiswords, The Powerpuff Girls, Steven Universe, Uncle Grandpa and We Bare Bears.

Boomerang offers exclusive new original content from Warner Bros., as well as classic animated entertainment from the
Warner Bros., Hanna-Barbera, MGM and Cartoon Network libraries, such as The Flintstones, The Jetsons, Pink Panther,
Tom and Jerry and Yogi Bear. For the 2016-2017 season, Boomerang is offering exclusive new original series, such as
Bunnicula, New Looney Tunes and The Tom and Jerry Show from Warner Bros., as well as Inspector Gadget and Mr. Bean.

Turner’s kids business is a key part of its international operations, and Cartoon Network is the number one kids network
in several territories outside the U.S., including Australia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Italy, Mexico, South Africa and the
Philippines. In addition to Cartoon Network and Boomerang, Turner’s kids networks outside the U.S. include Tooncast in
Latin America, BOING and Cartoonito in Europe and the Middle East, and POGO and Toonami in Asia.

News

CNN is the original cable television news service. As of December 2016, CNN reached 92.3 million domestic television
households as reported by Nielsen. As of December 31, 2016, CNN managed 39 news bureaus and editorial operations, 29 of
which are located outside the U.S. Turner is focused on maintaining CNN’s leadership in worldwide breaking-news,
investigative and political coverage while continuing to broaden the scope of its programming, including by increasing the
number of original series and films, mini-series and documentaries. For the 2016-2017 season, CNN’s news programs
include Anderson Cooper 360o, CNN Tonight with Don Lemon, Erin Burnett OutFront, New Day and The Situation Room
with Wolf Blitzer. CNN’s original series for the 2016-2017 season include Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown, Believer with
Reza Aslan, Declassified: Untold Stories of American Spies, Finding Jesus, The History of Comedy, Morgan Spurlock Inside
Man, This is Life with Lisa Ling and United Shades of America with W. Kamau Bell. For the 2016-2017 season, CNN has
aired films and mini-series including 9/11 Fifteen Years Later, The End: Inside the Last Days of the Obama White House and
We Will Rise: Michelle Obama’s Mission to Educate Girls Around the World. CNN is also focused on expanding its leading
digital presence by developing mobile products, increasing the amount of original short form video content it offers through
digital platforms, including through its independent storytelling brand Great Big Story, and growing its digital presence in
several brand extensions, including personal finance (CNN Money) and political news (CNN Politics).

Internationally, CNN reached approximately 300 million households outside the U.S. as of December 31, 2016. CNN
Worldwide is a portfolio of more than 20 news and information services across cable, satellite, radio, wireless devices and
the Internet in more than 200 countries and territories as of December 31, 2016.

HLN is a CNN Worldwide network that focuses on news, information, videos and talk shows. For the 2016-2017 season,
HLN’s programs include How It Really Happened with Hill Harper, MichaeLA, Morning Express with Robin Meade, On the
Story with Erica Hill and Primetime Justice with Ashleigh Banfield.

7

Home Box Office

Home Box Office, Inc. (“Home Box Office”) owns and operates leading multichannel premium pay television services,
HBO and Cinemax. Its businesses consist principally of premium pay television and OTT services domestically and premium
pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally, as well as home entertainment and content licensing. Home Box
Office is a leader in offering high-quality programming, and it continues to invest in a diverse roster of programming and
make its programming available to consumers on a variety of devices and platforms to enhance the appeal of its products and
services.

In the U.S., Home Box Office’s programming and services are distributed in several different ways. HBO and Cinemax
programming is available to subscribers of traditional affiliates for viewing live and on demand on television and various
Internet-connected devices. In addition, to reach households that do not subscribe to multichannel video services provided by
traditional affiliates (“traditional MVPD services”), Home Box Office operates HBO NOW, a domestic stand-alone OTT
service that is distributed by digital distributors, such as Apple, Google, Amazon and Roku, as well as by some affiliates.
Home Box Office has also entered into arrangements with a number of digital distributors to provide their subscribers access
to HBO and Cinemax services and programming on a variety of digital platforms and devices, and continues to explore
additional distribution platforms while investing in technology to add features and enhance the overall consumer experience
on its OTT services. Home Box Office also sells its original programming in both physical and digital formats and licenses
some of its library programming to the Amazon Prime SVOD service.

Internationally, Home Box Office tailors the distribution of its programming for each territory using one or more of the
following distribution models: premium pay and basic tier television services distributed by traditional affiliates, licensing of
programming to third-party providers, OTT services distributed by third parties and direct-to-consumer OTT services. HBO-
and Cinemax-branded premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services are distributed in over 60 countries in Latin
America, Europe and Asia. Home Box Office’s original programming is also available to consumers in over 150 countries,
both via licenses to international television networks and OTT services and through sales of programming in physical and
digital formats.

Home Box Office Programming

Home Box Office continues to invest in high-quality original programming for HBO and Cinemax. HBO’s domestic
original programming features award-winning and critically acclaimed dramatic and comedy series, such as Game of
Thrones, Girls, Silicon Valley, Veep and Westworld, as well as talk shows and political satire, such as Last Week Tonight with
John Oliver and Real Time with Bill Maher, HBO films, such as All The Way and Confirmation, mini-series, such as The
Night Of, boxing matches and other sports programming, documentaries, such as A Girl in the River: The Price of
Forgiveness and Everything is Copy, and comedy and music specials. The quality and diversity of HBO’s original
programming differentiates HBO from other premium pay television services, basic television networks and OTT services,
while enhancing the value of the HBO brand both domestically and internationally. This programming also continues to
build the value of Home Box Office’s content library while increasing the value of HBO across its businesses.

Home Box Office continues to expand HBO’s roster of original series. In 2016, Home Box Office premiered seven new
series: Animals., Divorce, High Maintenance, Insecure, VICE News Tonight, Vice Principals and Westworld. In early 2017,
Home Box Office premiered Big Little Lies (a limited series), Crashing and The Young Pope (a limited series) and it plans to
premiere additional new series in 2017, including The Deuce (starring James Franco and Maggie Gyllenhaal). Home Box
Office has also worked closely with Warner Bros. on original programming such as Westworld and The Leftovers.

In 2016, Home Box Office received 22 Primetime Emmy Awards, the most of any network for the 15th year in a row,
with Game of Thrones winning 12 awards. In 2016, Home Box Office also won the Academy Award for Best Documentary
Short (A Girl in the River: the Price of Forgiveness), a Golden Globe Award (Show Me a Hero), six George Foster Peabody
Awards, five Sports Emmy Awards and three News & Documentary Emmy Awards.

Cinemax’s original primetime series in 2016 included Banshee, Outcast and Quarry.

Domestically, a significant portion of the programming on HBO and Cinemax consists of uncut and uncensored feature
films, including recently-released feature films. Home Box Office has long-term licensing agreements with major film

8

studios and independent producers and distributors, including Warner Bros., Twentieth Century Fox (“Fox”), Universal
Pictures (“Universal”) and Summit Entertainment. The agreements provide Home Box Office the exclusive right during the
applicable license period to exhibit and distribute on its premium pay television and OTT services the entire feature film slate
theatrically released in the U.S. by these studios during specified release years (other than certain animated films and certain
other specified films). A majority of these agreements cover theatrical film slates through release year 2021 or beyond. Half
of the top eighty feature films theatrically released in 2016 (as determined based on domestic box office receipts) will be
exhibited exclusively on the HBO and Cinemax premium pay television and OTT services during the applicable license
periods. Home Box Office also has agreements to license older films with Fox, Universal, Warner Bros. and a number of
other major studios and independent distributors.

Outside the U.S., a substantial portion of the programming on Home Box Office’s international premium pay, basic tier
television and OTT services consists of feature films licensed from major studios in the U.S. and domestic HBO- and
Cinemax-branded original programming. Home Box Office also licenses older films from a number of major U.S. studios
and other domestic and international independent distributors. In addition to films, Home Box Office’s international content
offerings may feature local
television programming produced by other
production studios.

language original programming and/or U.S.

Home Box Office’s Businesses and Revenues

Domestic Premium Pay Television and OTT Services

Home Box Office generates revenues principally from licensing its programming to affiliates and digital distributors that
distribute the programming to their customers who subscribe to the HBO and Cinemax services. At December 31, 2016,
Home Box Office had approximately 49 million domestic subscribers, including subscribers to HBO’s OTT service, and
HBO was the most widely distributed domestic multi-channel premium pay television service.

Home Box Office’s license agreements with affiliates are typically long-term arrangements that provide for annual service
fee increases and marketing support. The relationship between subscriber totals and the amount of revenues earned under
Home Box Office’s license agreements depends on the specific terms of the applicable agreement, which may include basic
and/or pay television subscriber thresholds, volume discounts and other performance-based discounts. Marketing and
promotional activities intended to retain existing subscribers and acquire new subscribers may also impact revenue earned.
Home Box Office has entered into arrangements with a number of digital distributors to distribute HBO NOW and/or provide
their subscribers access to the HBO and Cinemax services and programming on a variety of digital platforms and devices,
and Home Box Office is continuing to expand the number of digital distribution partners.

Subscribers of traditional affiliates can view HBO and Cinemax programming on an HBO or Cinemax multiplex
television channel as well as through on-demand products, HBO On Demand, Cinemax On Demand, HBO GO and MAX
GO. HBO NOW, HBO GO and MAX GO offer nearly all seasons of HBO’s and Cinemax’s original series, respectively, as
well as feature films, HBO mini-series and films, sports programming, documentaries, comedy and music specials, bonus
features and behind-the-scenes extras.

International Premium Pay, Basic Tier Television and OTT Services

Outside the U.S., Home Box Office generates revenues primarily from licensing its programming to international
affiliates. Unique, country-specific HBO- and Cinemax-branded premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services are
distributed in more than 60 countries in Latin America, Europe and Asia. In Europe and Asia, Home Box Office operates
through consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries. In Latin America, Home Box Office operates through an unconsolidated
joint venture. Home Box Office had approximately 85 million international premium pay, basic tier television service and
OTT service subscribers at December 31, 2016, including subscribers through Home Box Office’s unconsolidated joint
ventures. HBO GO was available to HBO premium pay television subscribers in over 30 countries and territories at
December 31, 2016, and Home Box Office plans to make HBO GO available to HBO premium pay television subscribers in
additional countries and territories in 2017.

Home Box Office operates OTT services in the Nordic region and Spain (launched in November 2016). In addition, HBO
Latin America (Home Box Office’s largest joint venture) provides OTT services in Colombia, Mexico, Brazil (launched in

9

December 2016) and Argentina (launched in December 2016). Home Box Office expects to expand the distribution of OTT
services to additional territories around the world.

Home Entertainment and Content Licensing

Home Box Office also generates revenues from the exploitation of its original programming through multiple other
distribution outlets. Home Box Office sells its original programming in both physical and digital formats in the U.S. and
various international regions. Significant home entertainment releases in 2016 included Game of Thrones: The Complete
Fifth Season, Game of Thrones: The Complete Sixth Season, Silicon Valley: The Complete Second Season and Veep: The
Complete Fourth Season. In addition, Home Box Office also licenses some of its library programming to the Amazon Prime
SVOD service.

Home Box Office licenses programs to television networks and OTT services in over 150 countries,

including
arrangements under which it licenses programming to television networks that are branded as the “Home of HBO” in
countries such as the U.K., Australia, France, Germany and Israel and as “HBO Canada” in Canada.

Warner Bros.

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (“Warner Bros.”) is the largest television and film studio in the world based on total
television and film revenues as of December 31, 2016. Its businesses consist principally of the production, distribution and
licensing of television programming and feature films and the distribution of home entertainment product in both physical
and digital formats, as well as the production and distribution of videogames and consumer product and brand licensing. In
recent years, Warner Bros. has increased its production of new forms of content, including short-form online and mobile
content, and has launched new direct-to-consumer offerings, such as OTT services. Warner Bros.’ businesses benefit from a
shared infrastructure, including shared production, distribution, marketing and administrative functions and resources.

Warner Bros. is the #1 producer of primetime television series for the U.S. broadcast networks for the 2016-2017
television season, producing over 30 series, a position it has held for each of the past eight television seasons. Warner Bros.
has at least four series, including at least one new series, on each of the five broadcast networks. Overall, Warner Bros. is
producing 75 television series in the U.S. for the 2016-2017 television season. In addition, Warner Bros. licenses its U.S.
programming in over 190 countries at December 31, 2016. Warner Bros. is expanding and diversifying the genres and types
of television programming it produces as well as the buyers of its programming domestically, and is expanding its
international television production business through its global network of local production companies in 16 international
territories.

Warner Bros.’ films generated almost $5 billion at the global box office, and Warner Bros. was the #2 film studio in
global box office receipts in 2016. Warner Bros. has been the #1 or #2 film studio in domestic box office receipts for eight of
the past 10 years and the #1 or #2 film studio in global box office receipts for nine of the past 10 years. Warner Bros. has
exceeded $4 billion in global box office receipts for seven of the past eight years.

Warner Bros. is the largest videogame publisher among television and film studios, built on key brands and franchises.
Warner Bros. plans to expand its production of videogames for consoles and mobile devices using its portfolio of videogame
production studios and strong global brands and franchises.

Warner Bros. is focused on increasing the digital sales and rentals of its film and television content and is a leader in a
variety of initiatives designed to make digital ownership more compelling for consumers. Warner Bros. has led the U.S.
home entertainment industry in sales of home entertainment products for 15 years. At December 31, 2016, Warner Bros.’
vast content library consists of more than 80,000 hours of programming, including over 7,000 feature films and 5,000
television programs comprised of tens of thousands of individual episodes.

Warner Bros.’ portfolio of leading brands includes DC Entertainment’s brands (DC Comics, Vertigo and MAD Magazine)
as well as the Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera brands. DC Comics’ characters include such iconic characters as Batman,
the Flash, Green Arrow, Superman and Wonder Woman, while Warner Bros.’ other characters include Bugs Bunny, Harry
Potter, Scooby-Doo and Tom and Jerry, among many others. Warner Bros. is focused on expanding its brands and characters
across all its businesses, including film, television programming, videogames and consumer products.

10

Warner Bros. has developed strong global franchise properties from its brands and featuring its characters, including film
franchises such as the Batman and Harry Potter series and The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings trilogies, and it is focused
on extending its existing global film franchises. Warner Bros. released two films based on DC Entertainment characters in
2016 (Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad) and plans to release several additional films based on DC
Entertainment characters, including Justice League and Wonder Woman in 2017 and Aquaman in 2018. Warner Bros. also
released Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them in 2016, the first of five films in partnership with J.K. Rowling based on
J.K. Rowling’s Wizarding World. In February 2017, Warner Bros. released The LEGO Batman Movie. Warner Bros. has also
developed a successful slate of horror films and plans to release the next installment in The Conjuring franchise (Annabelle:
Creation) in 2017. Warner Bros. is also focused on creating new global film franchises. It released Kong: Skull Island in
March 2017 and plans to release King Arthur later in 2017, Ready Player One in 2018 and Minecraft in 2019.

In television, 10 series based on DC Entertainment characters (including Arrow, DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash,
iZombie, Lucifer, Gotham and Supergirl) are airing on broadcast and cable television during the 2016-2017 television season.
Warner Bros. is also producing three new series based on Warner Bros. theatrical titles (Lethal Weapon, Frequency and
Training Day) for the 2016-2017 television season.

In 2016, Warner Bros. formed Warner Bros. Digital Networks, a division focused on taking advantage of the changes in
the TV ecosystem, consumer viewing patterns and technology. The division includes DramaFever (acquired by Warner Bros.
in 2016), which owns and operates an OTT service in the U.S. that specializes in Korean dramas. DramaFever has both the
technology platform and direct consumer expertise that will enable Warner Bros. to build, launch and operate a portfolio of
OTT service offerings, including the Boomerang-branded domestic SVOD service. Warner Bros. Digital Networks also
oversees Machinima (acquired by Warner Bros. in 2016), a global aggregator of gaming, superhero and fandom-generated
content. In addition, Warner Bros. has ownership interests in two SVOD services that operate outside the United States.

Television

Warner Bros. is a leader in the global television production and distribution business. Warner Bros. is focused on
maintaining its leadership position in producing primetime series for the U.S. broadcast networks (including The CW
broadcast network (“The CW”)) while increasing production of high-quality original series for basic cable networks
(including Turner), premium pay television services (including HBO) and OTT services. Warner Bros. is also expanding its
international local television production business by using its global network of local production companies.

As described above, Warner Bros. is actively collaborating with Turner to significantly expand their global kids
businesses, including the launch of the Boomerang-branded domestic SVOD service, and maximize the related consumer
product opportunities.

In the U.S., Warner Bros. produces and distributes its television programming for initial airing on broadcast and basic
cable television networks, premium pay television and OTT services and local television stations in the U.S. Warner Bros.
also produces and distributes short-form live-action series and animated programming for initial viewing on digital
platforms. Warner Bros.’ programming includes the following:

•

•

•

scripted television series produced by Warner Bros. Television and Warner Horizon Television Inc., including
2 Broke Girls, Arrow, The Big Bang Theory, Blindspot, DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash, Gotham, iZombie,
Lethal Weapon, Lucifer, The Middle, Mom, Riverdale, Supergirl, Supernatural, Training Day, Trial & Error and The
Vampire Diaries for broadcast networks (including The CW); Animal Kingdom, Major Crimes, People of Earth,
Pretty Little Liars and Queen Sugar for basic cable networks (including TNT and TBS); The Leftovers and Westworld
(for HBO) and Shameless for premium pay television services; and Disjointed, Fuller House, Gilmore Girls: A Year
in the Life and Longmire for OTT services;

reality-based non-scripted television series produced by Warner Horizon Television Inc., including The Bachelor,
Bachelor in Paradise, The Bachelorette, First Dates, Little Big Shots and The Voice;

first-run syndication series produced and/or distributed by Telepictures Productions Inc.,
DeGeneres Show, Extra, The Real, TMZ and TMZ Sports;

including The Ellen

11

•

•

animated television programming and original made-for-home entertainment animated releases produced by Warner
Bros. Animation Inc., including programming based on characters from DC Entertainment, Looney Tunes and
Hanna-Barbera. Programs include Be Cool, Scooby Doo!, Bunnicula, Justice League Action, Mike Tyson Mysteries,
Teen Titans Go!, The Tom and Jerry, New Looney Tunes (for Adult Swim, Boomerang and Cartoon Network) and
Right Now Kapow; and

short-form live-action series and animated programming for digital platforms produced by (i) Blue Ribbon Content,
including Justice League: Gods and Monsters Chronicles and Vixen based on DC Entertainment characters, and
(ii) Machinima, including Transformers: Combiner Wars.

Warner Bros. has continued to strategically license in-season stacking rights to the networks and OTT services licensing
Warner Bros.’ programming. After the initial domestic television airing, Warner Bros. licenses its television programming
for subsequent airing on basic cable networks, local television stations and OTT services. These licenses enable Warner
Bros. to generate significant revenues from hit television series for years beyond their initial airing on television.

Warner Bros. also licenses its feature films to broadcast and cable networks, OTT services and premium pay television
services (including HBO) starting approximately eight to nine months following their theatrical release. During 2016, Warner
Bros. licensed hundreds of feature films and thousands of hours of feature film programming to television networks,
premium pay television services and OTT services.

In international territories, Warner Bros. licenses rights to exhibit its feature films and original television series in
international territories to television networks, premium pay television services, basic tier television services and OTT
services. Warner Bros. licenses rights to exhibit feature films to an SVOD service in China, and feature films and original
television series to HOOQ, an SVOD service operating in India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand, which is
owned by Warner Bros., Singtel Telecommunications Limited and Sony Pictures Television. During 2016, Warner Bros.
licensed thousands of hours of programming, dubbed or subtitled in more than 90 languages, to international distributors in
more than 190 countries.

As the worldwide demand for locally produced, local language programming increases, Warner Bros. is focused on
expanding its international local production business. Warner Bros. is developing programming specifically tailored for local
audiences through its global network of production companies. Warner Bros.
local
programming into formats that can be produced by its local production companies in additional territories, including the
U.S. For example, The Bachelor (a format owned by Warner Bros. that originated in the U.S.) is being adapted and produced
in multiple international territories.

is also adapting international

Television Business Revenues

The revenues generated by Warner Bros.’ television business consist of (1) fees for the initial broadcast of Warner Bros.’
television programming on U.S. broadcast and cable television networks and premium pay television and OTT services,
(2) fees for the airing or other distribution of its television programming after its initial broadcast in secondary U.S.
distribution channels (such as basic cable networks, local television stations and OTT services), (3) fees for the international
distribution of Warner Bros.’ television programming for free-to-air television, basic tier television services, premium pay
television services and OTT services, and (4) revenues from the sale of the television programming of Warner Bros. and
other companies in physical and digital formats. Warner Bros.’ television programming also supports Warner Bros.’ key
brands and franchises, which helps generate consumer product and brand licensing revenues based on the programming for
years beyond the initial airing of the programming on television.

Feature Films

Warner Bros. is a leader in the feature film business and produces feature films under its Warner Bros. and New Line
Cinema banners. Warner Bros. also enters into arrangements with others to co-produce and co-finance feature films. Warner
Bros. produces and distributes a wide-ranging slate of films, and it is focused on building its film slate around its strongest
franchises with global appeal. Warner Bros. plans to release six to eight event films each year that target a wide audience
domestically and internationally.

12

During 2016, Warner Bros. released 19 original feature films for distribution in the U.S., including Batman v Superman:
Dawn of Justice, Central Intelligence, The Conjuring 2, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, The Legend of Tarzan,
Lights Out, Me Before You, Suicide Squad, Storks and Sully. Of the films released during 2016, five were released in 3D
format and five were formatted for viewing on IMAX screens. In 2017, Warner Bros. has released four films through
March 31, 2017, including Kong: Skull Island and The LEGO Batman Movie, and it plans to release an additional 14 films
during 2017, including Dunkirk from Christopher Nolan and two films based on DC Entertainment characters (Justice
League and Wonder Woman).

Internationally, Warner Bros. produces and distributes both English language and local language films for theatrical
exhibition in more than 125 territories outside the U.S. Warner Bros. uses both day and date and a staggered release schedule
for its international releases. In 2016, Warner Bros. released internationally 15 English-language films and 43 local-language
films that it either produced itself or acquired from other companies. In March 2016, Flagship Entertainment, a joint venture
between Warner Bros. and China Media Capital, announced its inaugural slate of Chinese-language films for distribution in
China and elsewhere around the world.

After the theatrical exhibition of its feature films, Warner Bros. releases them both domestically and internationally for
distribution in various time periods through a variety of distribution channels. Feature films are released for sale through
physical and digital formats and for rental via transactional VOD beginning approximately three to six months after their
release in theaters. Feature films are typically released for rental in physical formats 28 days later. After that, Warner Bros.
licenses the feature films for domestic and international distribution to premium pay television services (including HBO and
Cinemax), broadcast and basic cable networks (including Turner’s networks), and OTT services and, in most cases, other
exhibitors such as airlines and hotels.

The revenues generated by Warner Bros.’ feature film business primarily consist of (1) rental fees paid by theaters for the
theatrical exhibition of feature films produced (or co-produced) and/or distributed by Warner Bros., (2) licensing fees paid by
television networks, premium pay television services and OTT services for the exhibition of feature films produced or co-
produced by Warner Bros. and (3) revenues from the distribution of Warner Bros.’ and other companies’ feature films in
physical and digital formats. Warner Bros.’ feature films also support Warner Bros.’ key brands and franchises, which helps
generate consumer product and brand licensing revenues based on its films and characters.

Warner Bros. produces most of the films it releases in the U.S. under co-financing arrangements, which give Warner Bros.
a greater ability to manage the financial risks of its film slate and offset some of the significant costs involved in the
production, marketing and distribution of feature films, particularly event films. In most cases, Warner Bros. maintains
worldwide distribution rights for the films it co-finances with others. Warner Bros. has co-financing arrangements with
MGM Holdings Inc., RatPac Dune Entertainment and Village Roadshow Pictures. Warner Bros. also enters into co-financing
arrangements with other studios. Warner Bros. monetizes its distribution and marketing operations by distributing films that
other companies wholly finance and produce, and it has an exclusive distribution arrangement with Alcon Entertainment.

Home Entertainment

Warner Bros. also generates revenues through the home entertainment distribution of its film and television content in
physical and digital formats. Warner Bros. continues to be a leader in the home entertainment industry, and its significant
home entertainment releases during 2016 included Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Central Intelligence, The
Conjuring 2 and Suicide Squad.

The home entertainment industry has been undergoing significant changes as it transitions from the distribution of film
and television content via physical formats to digital formats. In recent years, consumer spending on home entertainment
product in physical formats has declined as a result of several factors, including consumers shifting to digital purchases and
transactional VOD rentals of content; changing retailer initiatives and strategies; retail store closures; increasing competition
for consumer discretionary time and spending; and piracy. Consumers have also been increasingly shifting to OTT services
that are based on a subscription model rather than a transactional model. Consumer spending on film and television content
in higher margin digital formats has been increasing in recent years, but that growth has not fully offset declines in consumer
spending on home entertainment product in physical formats.

13

In response to these dynamics, Warner Bros. has been focusing on increasing the more profitable electronic sell-through
(“EST”) sales and transactional VOD rentals of its film and television content and is an innovator in a variety of initiatives
designed to make digital ownership more compelling for consumers, including providing enhanced content offerings,
improving digital storefronts and promoting industry standards for content portability across retail platforms. Warner Bros.
licenses its newly released feature films as well as films from its library and its television content to EST and transactional
VOD services for viewing online and on mobile platforms in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S. and most major
international territories, Warner Bros.’ recent theatrical releases are generally released for sale via EST at least two weeks
before their release in physical formats and transactional VOD.

Although consumer spending on home entertainment product in physical formats has declined in recent years, the
distribution of home entertainment product in physical formats still generates significant revenues for Warner Bros. The
home entertainment product it distributes in physical formats includes its own feature films and television content, including
library content, as well as content acquired from others. Warner Bros. also distributes content in physical formats for others,
such as Home Box Office, Turner, the BBC and Sesame Street in the U.S., as well as several content producers outside the
U.S.

Videogames

Warner Bros. develops, publishes and distributes videogames, including mobile and console games. Its videogames are
based on intellectual property owned or licensed by Warner Bros. (including DC Entertainment properties, Harry Potter and
Mortal Kombat). Warner Bros. is focused on increasing its monetization of its franchises in its videogames business in the
future. In 2016, Warner Bros. released 12 videogames, including Batman: Arkham VR, LEGO Marvel’s Avengers and Mortal
Kombat XL. Warner Bros. also released additional character packages for the toys-to-life videogame LEGO: Dimensions,
which includes Harry Potter, LEGO Batman and many other DC Entertainment characters among its cast of characters.
Warner Bros. plans to release 13 videogames in 2017, including Injustice 2 and Middle-earth: Shadow of War. Warner Bros.
also licenses Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment properties for videogames to other companies. Warner Bros.’ videogames
revenues consist of revenues from the development and distribution of the videogames of Warner Bros. and other companies.

The Company also holds interests in companies that operate broadcast networks.

Other Television Network Assets

As of December 31, 2016, Time Warner held an approximate 47% voting interest and an approximate 76% economic
interest in the equity interests of Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (“CME”), a publicly-traded broadcasting company
that operates leading television networks in Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic and
Slovenia. CME also develops and produces content for its television networks. Time Warner’s investment consists of
(i) common stock, (ii) convertible preferred stock that has voting rights, (iii) convertible redeemable preferred shares that do
not have voting rights and (iv) warrants to purchase common stock of CME. Time Warner also guarantees all of CME’s
outstanding senior indebtedness and provides financing to CME under a revolving credit facility.

The CW is a 50-50 joint venture between Warner Bros. and CBS Corporation. The CW’s 2016-2017 schedule includes a
5-night, 10-hour primetime lineup of advertising-supported original programming such as The 100, Arrow, Crazy Ex-
Girlfriend, DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash, Frequency, iZombie, Jane the Virgin, No Tomorrow, The Originals,
Reign, Riverdale, Supergirl, Supernatural and The Vampire Diaries, as well as a five-hour block of advertising-supported
programming on Saturday mornings. A third party is programming the Saturday morning programming block through the
2020-2021 season and pays The CW a license fee. For the 2016-2017 season, Warner Bros. and CBS are producing 15 series
for The CW, including five based on DC Entertainment characters. Advertising-supported full episodes of The CW’s original
series are also available on cwtv.com and through The CW’s apps for mobile devices and Internet-connected televisions. The
CW does not require any login or authentication of a cable subscription to stream its content. The CW’s programming is also
available through an OTT service after the full season of programming airs on The CW.

14

AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND WEBSITE

The Company’s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any
amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge
on the Company’s website at www.timewarner.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC. The Company is providing the address to its website solely for the information of
investors. The Company does not intend the address to be an active link or to incorporate any information included on or
accessible through its website into this 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders.

CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTORS

This 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs. As
with any projection or forecast, forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in
circumstances, and the Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any such obligation to, update or alter its
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Time Warner’s actual results
may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements in this 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders due to
changes in economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting the
operation of Time Warner’s businesses. For more detailed information about these factors and risk factors with respect to the
Company’s operations, see “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and
Financial Condition — Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.”

15

RISK FACTORS

The Company must respond successfully to ongoing changes in the U.S. television industry and consumer viewing
patterns to remain competitive. The Company derives a substantial portion of its revenues and profits from its cable
networks and premium pay television services and the production and licensing of television programming to broadcast and
cable networks and premium pay television services. The U.S. television industry is continuing to evolve rapidly, with
developments in technology leading to new methods for the distribution of video content and changes in when, where and
how audiences consume video content. These changes pose risks to the traditional U.S. television industry and some of the
Company’s longest-standing business models, including (i) the disruption of the traditional television content distribution
model by OTT services, which are increasing in number and some of which have a significant and growing subscriber base,
and (ii) the disruption of the advertising supported television model resulting from increased video consumption through
OTT services with no advertising or less advertising than on television networks, time shifted viewing of television
programming and the use of DVRs to skip advertisements. In part as a result of these changes, over the past few years, the
number of subscribers to traditional MVPD services in the U.S. has declined slightly and the U.S. television industry has
experienced declines in ratings for programming, which has negatively affected subscription and advertising revenues.
Developments in technology and new content delivery products and services have also led to an increasing amount of video
content, as well as changes in consumers’ expectations regarding the availability of video content, their willingness to pay for
access to or ownership of such content, their perception of what quality entertainment is and their tolerance for commercial
interruptions. The Company is engaged in efforts to respond to and mitigate the risks from these changes, such as initiatives
to improve the monetization of television advertising, but the success of some of these initiatives depends in part on the
cooperation of measurement companies, advertisers and affiliates and, therefore, is not within the Company’s control. The
Company may incur significant costs to implement its strategy and initiatives, and if they are not successful, the Company’s
competitive position, businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The popularity of content is difficult to predict and can change rapidly, and low public acceptance of the Company’s
content will adversely affect its results of operations. The revenues derived from the sale, distribution and licensing of
television programming, feature films, videogames and other content depend primarily on widespread public acceptance of
that content, which is difficult to predict and can change rapidly. The Company must invest substantial amounts in the
production and marketing of its content before it learns whether such content will reach anticipated levels of popularity with
consumers. The popularity of the Company’s content depends on many factors, only some of which are within the
Company’s control. Examples include the popularity, quality and amount of competing content (including locally-produced
content internationally), the availability of alternative forms of leisure and entertainment activities, the Company’s ability to
maintain or develop strong brand awareness and target key audiences, and the Company’s ability to successfully anticipate
(and timely adapt its content to) changes in consumer tastes in the many countries and territories in which the Company
operates. Low public acceptance of the Company’s content will adversely affect its results of operations.

As a significant element of the Company’s strategy, Warner Bros. focuses on building global franchises based on existing
intellectual property that it can monetize across its businesses and distribution channels. Generally, feature films that perform
well at the global box office also have commercial success in subsequent distribution channels. The underperformance of a
feature film, especially an “event” film, at the global box office typically results in lower than expected revenues for the
Company from the license of the film to broadcast and cable networks and OTT services, sales of the film in digital and
physical formats, and from the sale of videogames or licenses for consumer products based on such film. If a new “event”
film fails to achieve commercial success at the global box office, it would also limit the Company’s ability to create a new
theatrical franchise based on the film or characters featured in the film. The failure to develop successful new theatrical
franchises could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

Low ratings for television programming produced by the Company may lead to the cancellation of a program and can
negatively affect future license fees for the cancelled program. A decline in the ratings or popularity of the television
programming aired on Turner’s cable networks can negatively affect advertising revenues for Turner’s cable networks in the
near term and, over a longer period of time, could adversely affect subscription revenues and the distribution potential of a
Turner network. A decline in the popularity of HBO’s and Cinemax’s programming could, over a period of time, cause
subscribers to cancel their subscriptions, which in turn could adversely affect both the Company’s subscription and content
licensing revenues. If the Company decides to no longer air programming due to low ratings or other factors, the Company

16

could incur significant programming impairments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of
operations in a given period.

The failure to enter into or renew agreements with affiliates on favorable terms or at all could cause the Company’s
subscription and advertising revenues to decline. The Company depends on agreements with affiliates for the distribution of
the Company’s cable networks and premium pay television services and certain of its OTT services. Competition from third-
party OTT services and new distribution platforms and declines in subscribers to traditional MVPD services is increasing the
pressure on affiliates to control their programming costs in order to operate at a profit while offering their services at
competitive prices that enable them to attract and retain subscribers. As affiliates continue to try to control
their
programming costs, it may be more difficult for the Company to secure favorable terms, including those related to pricing,
positioning and packaging, during affiliate agreement negotiations, and the Company may face greater difficulty in achieving
placement of its networks and premium pay television services in smaller bundles or virtual MVPDs offered by affiliates.
Factors that may make it more difficult for the Company to secure favorable terms during renewal negotiations with
traditional affiliates include the Company’s efforts to capitalize on new growth opportunities outside the traditional TV
ecosystem and the consolidation of traditional affiliates in the U.S. and growth of large multi-territory distribution companies
internationally, which increases their scale and negotiating power. In addition, the Company’s potential merger with AT&T
may make it more difficult for the Company to secure favorable terms during renewal negotiations with other affiliates. If the
Company is not able to secure favorable terms when it enters into or renews its affiliate agreements, its subscription revenues
may not increase as much as the Company expects or could decline. In addition, if the Company and an affiliate reach an
impasse in contract renewal negotiations, applicable networks or premium pay television services could become unavailable
to the affiliate’s subscribers (i.e., “go dark”), which, depending on the length of time and the size of the affiliate, could have a
negative impact on the Company’s subscription and advertising revenues. The inability to renew one or more of the
Company’s larger affiliate arrangements would reduce the number of households that have access to Turner’s cable networks
and result in lower ratings for programming, which could make those networks less attractive to advertisers and result in
lower growth or a decline in advertising revenues.

If the rate of decline in the number of subscribers to traditional MVPD services increases or these subscribers shift to
other services or bundles that do not include the Company’s cable networks and premium pay television services, the
Company’s subscription revenues will be negatively affected. During the last few years, the number of subscribers to
traditional MVPD services in the U.S. has been declining slightly, and the Company expects these declines to continue. If
traditional MVPD service offerings are not attractive to consumers due to pricing, increased competition from OTT services,
increased dissatisfaction with the quality of traditional MVPD services, worse economic conditions or other factors, more
consumers may (i) cancel their traditional MVPD service subscriptions or choose not to subscribe to traditional MVPD
services, (ii) cancel their subscriptions to premium pay television services, (iii) elect to subscribe to lower-priced OTT
services or (iv) elect to subscribe to smaller bundles of networks offered by affiliates, which may not include HBO, Cinemax
or some of Turner’s cable networks. The number of HBO and Cinemax subscribers could also decline if affiliates choose not
to market, or reduce their marketing of, HBO or Cinemax. If the rate of decline in the number of traditional MVPD service
subscribers increases or if subscribers shift to lower-cost OTT services or smaller bundles of networks or virtual MVPD
services that do not include all the Company’s cable networks and premium pay television services, the Company’s
subscription revenues will be negatively affected.

A decrease in demand for the television programming produced by Warner Bros. or changes in the terms for licensed
programming could adversely affect the Company’s revenues. Warner Bros. is a leading producer of high-quality television
programming, as well as a leader in the international distribution of U.S.-produced television programming. Even with its
strong competitive position, Warner Bros.’ television production business is largely dependent on the strength of the U.S.
broadcast networks, basic cable networks and local television stations, and their continued demand for Warner Bros.’
television programming. If there is a decrease in such demand, it could decrease the overall scale of Warner Bros.’ television
production business and reduce the aggregate license fees for its television programming. The following factors could
increase the likelihood of a decrease in such demand in the U.S.: (i) vertically-integrated networks favoring programming
from their in-house and affiliated television production studios over Warner Bros.’ programming, because ownership of the
programming enables the networks to license the programming to third parties in the U.S. and internationally and thus
control where and when the programming is made available and access the increasing revenue opportunities for
programming in subsequent distribution windows; (ii) emerging technologies and alternative viewing options that could
reduce the lifetime value of television programming; and (iii) consolidation among television station groups, thereby

17

reducing the number of buyers for Warner Bros.’ programming. The increasing revenue opportunities in subsequent
distribution windows can also result in pressure by networks licensing new programming to share in these revenue
opportunities. In international territories, the increasing popularity of locally produced television content also could result in
decreased demand and lower license fees for the Company’s U.S.-produced television programming.

An increase in the costs to acquire or produce popular programming could adversely affect the Company’s operating
results. Competition to acquire popular programming is intense both in the U.S. and internationally among networks,
premium pay television services and OTT services. More networks, premium pay television services and OTT services are
seeking to offer distinctive programming, including sports programming, and are willing to invest more to do so. In some
cases, Turner and Home Box Office have had to increase the prices they are willing to pay for sports and acquired
programming, including the renewal of licensed programming, and have been outbid by competitors, which could occur
again in the future. In addition, the increased investments by networks, premium pay television services and OTT services in
high quality original programming may make it more challenging for Home Box Office, Turner and Warner Bros. to attract
and retain talent and could drive up talent and production costs. Increased competition has also forced some networks and
OTT services to commit to straight-to-series orders for programming instead of a pilot order. If Home Box Office or Turner
commit to straight-to-series orders and those series do not meet anticipated production or quality standards or are otherwise
not accepted by audiences, revisions to the programming may be necessary, which could increase production costs. The
increased financial commitment for a straight-to-series order also could increase the risks associated with such an order. If
increases in Warner Bros.’ costs to produce programming are not offset by higher content licensing revenues or if increases
in Turner’s and Home Box Office’s costs to produce or acquire popular programming are not offset by increases in
subscription revenues and increases in advertising revenues for Turner’s cable networks, the Company’s results of operations
could be adversely affected.

The Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected if there is a decline in advertising spending, which
could be caused by a number of factors. A decline in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could
cause advertisers to spend less on advertising. In addition, television advertising expenditures could be negatively affected by
(i) further declines in traditional MVPD service subscribers; (ii) shifts in consumer viewing patterns, including consumers
watching more non-traditional and shorter-form video content online, increased viewership of programming on demand on a
time-delayed basis (to the extent it either does not contain advertising or such viewing is not measured for audience delivery
purposes) and the increased use of DVRs to skip advertisements; (iii) declining consumer tolerance for commercial
interruptions; (iv) an increasing shift of advertising expenditures to online and mobile offerings; (v) increasing audience
fragmentation caused by increased availability of alternative forms of leisure and entertainment activities; (vi) pressure from
public interest groups to reduce or eliminate advertising of certain products on television; (vii) new laws and regulations that
prohibit or restrict certain types of advertisements; and (viii) natural disasters, extreme weather, acts of terrorism, political
uncertainty or hostilities resulting in uninterrupted news coverage of such events that disrupts regular television
programming. In addition, advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising time from the Company may be adversely
affected by a decline in audience ratings for the programming aired on Turner’s cable networks. If ratings decline
significantly, Turner’s cable networks generally will be required to provide additional advertising time to advertisers to reach
agreed-on audience delivery thresholds. This may result in Turner’s cable networks having less advertising time available to
sell or use to promote their own programming. In addition, although audience measurement systems have improved and
better capture the viewership of programming through DVRs, affiliates’ and networks’ VOD offerings and digital platforms
and devices, they still do not fully capture all viewership and advertisers may not be willing to pay advertising rates based on
the viewership that is not being measured. Turner is engaged in a variety of efforts to make advertising on its networks more
valuable to advertisers and improve the consumer experience, including investing in advertising technology and data
analytics platforms that provide targeting and measurement capabilities and reducing the amount of advertising on select
programming on some of its cable networks; however, these efforts may not be successful or may take several years to
become successful. Turner’s advertising revenues from digital offerings also could be adversely affected by technology that
enables consumers to block advertisements.

The Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by shifts in home entertainment consumption patterns.
Several factors have contributed to an industry-wide decline in sales of home entertainment product in physical formats in
recent years, including consumers shifting to digital purchases and transactional VOD rentals of content; changing retailer
initiatives and strategies (e.g., reduction in floor space devoted to home entertainment product in physical formats); retail
store closures; increasing competition for consumer discretionary time and spending; and piracy. Consumers have also been

18

increasingly shifting to OTT services that are based on a subscription model rather than a transactional model. Although
digital sales are becoming an increasing share of total sales of film and television content and, with greater per-unit
profitability, have helped offset some of the declines in physical sales of content, digital sales may never generate aggregate
profits that equal or exceed the peak profits generated by physical sales in prior years or it may take several years for the
increased profits from higher-margin digital sales to fully offset the decrease in lower-margin physical sales and rentals.

If the Company fails to compete successfully against alternative sources of entertainment and news, there may be an
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company competes for consumers’ leisure and entertainment
time and discretionary spending with all other sources of entertainment and news, including television networks, premium
pay television services, OTT services, feature films, the Internet, home entertainment products and services, videogames,
print media, pirated content, live sports and other events. The increased number of media and entertainment choices available
to consumers has made it much more difficult to attract and obtain their attention and time. There can be no assurance that
the Company will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors.

The Company is exposed to risks associated with weak economic conditions, geopolitical and economic uncertainties
and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets. The Company’s financial condition and results of
operations may be adversely affected by weak economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries where the Company does
business and the impact of those conditions on advertisers, affiliates, suppliers, retailers, insurers, theater operators and
others with which it does business. The global economy continues to be volatile, with slower economic growth in some large
emerging economies such as China, India and Brazil and economic uncertainties arising from governmental actions in some
countries such as Russia and Venezuela. Additional geopolitical and economic uncertainties exist due to key elections and
referendums during 2016, such as the United Kingdom’s referendum to exit the European Union and the 2016 U.S.
Presidential and Congressional elections, the impacts of which are unknown. These impacts could include changes in
international trade policies and taxation. Weak economic conditions and geopolitical and economic uncertainties could lead
to lower consumer spending for the Company’s content and products in these regions and countries, particularly if
advertisers, licensees, retailers, theater operators and consumers reduce their demand for the Company’s content and
products due to the negative impact of these conditions and uncertainties on them. Consumer spending in these regions and
countries may be further negatively impacted by governmental actions to manage national economic matters, whether
through austerity or stimulus measures or initiatives intended to control wages, unemployment, credit availability, inflation,
international trade, taxation and other economic drivers.

Increased volatility and disruptions in the financial markets could make it more difficult and more expensive for the
Company to refinance outstanding indebtedness and obtain new financing. The adoption of new statutes and regulations, new
interpretations of existing statutes and regulations or the enforcement of laws and regulations applicable to the financial
markets or the financial services industry could result in a reduction in the amount of available credit or an increase in the
cost of credit. Disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect
insurers and
counterparties, including vendors, retailers and film co-financing partners. The inability of the Company’s counterparties to
obtain capital on acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under agreements with the Company and lead to
negative effects on the Company, including business disruptions, decreased revenues, increases in bad debt expenses and, in
the case of film co-financing partners, greater risk to the Company with respect to the performance of its feature films.

the Company’s lenders,

The Company faces risks relating to conducting business internationally that could adversely affect its businesses and
operating results. It is important for the Company to achieve sufficient scale in key international territories in a cost-
effective manner to be able to compete successfully in those territories. Failure to achieve sufficient scale could adversely
affect the Company’s results of operations. The increasing number of U.S. media companies focused on extending their
global reach and the significant growth in the number of OTT services launched by international networks and distributors
have intensified competition internationally, which could make it more difficult and expensive for the Company to achieve
sufficient scale in key international territories. There are also risks inherent in international business operations, including:

•
•
•
•
•

issues related to integrating and managing international operations and investments;
potentially adverse tax developments;
lack of sufficient protection for intellectual property in some countries;
territorial restrictions on content licensing;
currency exchange restrictions, export controls and currency devaluation risks in some foreign countries;

19

•

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

the existence in some countries of statutory shareholder minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct
ownership;
the existence in some countries of regulatory or other restrictions that impede the ability of foreign companies to
conduct business in such countries;
the existence of quotas and other content-related limitations or restrictions (e.g., government censorship);
restrictions on television advertising, marketing and network packaging;
issues related to occupational safety and adherence to local labor laws and regulations;
political or social unrest;
higher than anticipated costs of entry;
the presence of corruption in certain countries;
the absence of good diplomatic relations between the U.S. and certain countries; and
the potential for government appropriation of the Company’s assets.

One or more of these factors could harm the Company’s international operations or investments and its operating results.

Some of the Company’s operations are conducted in foreign currencies, and the value of these currencies fluctuates in
relation to the U.S. dollar. Although the Company hedges a portion of its foreign currency exposures, significant fluctuations
in exchange rates in the past have had, and in the future could have, an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations
in a given period. As the Company expands its international operations, its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations will
increase.

licensing and distribution of its content and adversely affect

Increased piracy of the Company’s content, products and other intellectual property may further decrease the revenues
received from the legitimate sale,
its business and
profitability. The Company continues to be negatively affected by piracy, and an increase in the piracy of the Company’s
content, products and other intellectual property could reduce the revenues the Company earns from the legitimate sale,
licensing and distribution of its content, products and other intellectual property. The risks relating to piracy continue to
increase as technological developments have made it easier to access, reproduce, distribute and store high-quality
unauthorized copies of content, such as increased broadband Internet speeds and penetration rates and increased availability
and speed of mobile data transmission. Piracy is particularly prevalent in countries that lack effective copyright and other
legal protections or enforcement measures, and illegitimate operators based in those parts of the world can attract users from
anywhere in the world. The Company devotes substantial resources to protecting its content, products and intellectual
property, but the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and combat piracy may not be successful.

The Company’s operating results may suffer if it cannot continue to license and exploit its intellectual property
rights. The Company relies on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, tradenames and other proprietary rights, as
well as contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish, maintain and protect its intellectual property rights.
Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which the Company does business. The
Company may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which it does business or
prevent others from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe on, or diminish the value of, the Company’s
trademarks and other proprietary rights. Companies that license the Company’s intellectual property also may take actions
that diminish the value of the Company’s intellectual property or harm the Company’s reputation.

The Company’s intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit it to take advantage of some business
opportunities, such as new distribution platforms. As a result, the Company may be required to change its plans or acquire
the necessary intellectual property rights, which could be costly.

The protection of the Company’s intellectual property may require the Company to spend significant amounts of money.
Further, the steps the Company takes to protect its intellectual property may not adequately protect its rights or prevent others
from infringing or misappropriating its intellectual proprietary rights. Any impairment of the Company’s intellectual
property rights, including due to changes in U.S. or foreign intellectual property laws or the absence of effective legal
protections or enforcement measures, could adversely impact the Company’s businesses, financial condition and results of
operations.

20

The Company has been, and may be in the future, subject to claims that it infringed intellectual property rights of
others, which could require the Company to change its business practices. Successful claims that the Company infringes on
the intellectual property rights of others could require the Company to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on
unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, be prohibited preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
intellectual property in question or require the Company to change its business practices to stop the infringing use, which
could limit its ability to compete effectively. Even if the Company believes a claim of intellectual property infringement is
without merit, defending against the claim can be time-consuming and costly and divert management’s attention and
resources away from its businesses.

The Company’s businesses are subject to labor interruption. The Company and some of its suppliers and business partners
retain the services of writers, directors, actors, announcers, athletes, technicians, trade employees and others involved in the
development and production of its television programming, feature films and videogames who are covered by collective
bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements with the Writers Guild of America, West Inc. and the Writers Guild of
America, East Inc., as well as the collective bargaining agreement with the Screen Actors Guild-American Federation of
Television and Radio Artists (“SAG-AFTRA”) covering artists who perform in theatrical and television productions, expire in
mid-2017. If negotiations to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements are not successful or become unproductive, the
affected unions could take actions such as strikes, work slowdowns or work stoppages. Strikes, work slowdowns, work
stoppages or the possibility of such actions could result in delays in the production of the Company’s television programming,
feature films and videogames. The Company could also incur higher costs from such actions, new collective bargaining
agreements or the renewal of collective bargaining agreements on less favorable terms. Many of the collective bargaining
agreements that cover individuals providing services to the Company are industry-wide agreements, and the Company may lack
practical control over the negotiations and terms of these agreements. Union or labor disputes or player lock-outs relating to
certain professional sports leagues may preclude the Company from producing and telecasting scheduled games or events and
could negatively impact the Company’s promotional and marketing opportunities. Depending on their duration, union or labor
disputes or player lock-outs could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

Service disruptions or failures of the Company’s or its vendors’ information systems and networks as a result of
computer viruses, misappropriation of data or other bad acts, natural disasters, extreme weather, accidental releases of
information or other similar events, may disrupt the Company’s businesses, damage its reputation or have a negative
impact on its results of operations. Shutdowns or service disruptions of information systems or networks at the Company or
vendors that provide information systems, networks or other services to the Company pose increasing risks. Such disruptions
may be caused by third-party hacking of computers and systems; dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other
destructive or disruptive software; denial of service attacks and other bad acts, as well as power outages, natural disasters,
extreme weather, terrorist attacks, or other similar events. Shutdowns or disruption from such events could have an adverse
impact on the Company and its customers, including degradation or disruption of service, loss of data and damage to
equipment and data. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Company’s disaster recovery planning
may not be sufficient to cover everything that could happen. Significant events could result in a disruption of the Company’s
operations, reduced revenues, the loss of or damage to the integrity of data used by management to make decisions and
operate the Company’s business, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to the Company’s reputation or brands or a
loss of customers. The Company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate it for any losses associated with
such events.

The Company is also subject to risks caused by the misappropriation, misuse, falsification or intentional or accidental
release or loss of data maintained in the information systems and networks of the Company or its vendors, including sensitive
or confidential personnel, customer or vendor data. Outside parties may attempt to penetrate the Company’s systems or those
of its vendors or fraudulently induce employees or customers of the Company or employees of its vendors to disclose
sensitive information to obtain or gain access to the Company’s data. The number and sophistication of attempted and
successful information security breaches in the U.S. have increased in recent years. If a material breach of the Company’s
information systems or those of its vendors occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of the Company’s information
security measures could be harmed, the Company could lose customers and advertisers, and its reputation, brands and
credibility could be damaged. In addition, if a material breach of its information systems occurs, the Company could be
required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace information systems or networks or
to comply with notification requirements. The Company also could be subject to actions by regulatory authorities and claims
asserted in private litigation in the event of a breach of the information systems of the Company or its vendors.

21

Although the Company develops and maintains information security practices and systems designed to prevent these
events from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and
updating as technologies change and tactics to overcome information security measures become more sophisticated.
Moreover, despite the Company’s efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. Information
security risks will continue to increase, and the Company will need to expend additional resources to protect its information
systems, networks and data as the Company distributes more of its content digitally, engages in more electronic transactions
directly with consumers, acquires more consumer data, including information about consumers’ viewing behavior, their
credit card information and other personal data, increases the number of information technology systems used in its business
operations, relies more on cloud-based services and information systems and increases its use of third-party service providers
to perform information technology services.

Service disruptions or the failure of communications satellites or transmitter facilities relied on by the Company could
have a negative impact on the Company’s revenues. Turner and Home Box Office rely on their own and their vendors’
communications satellites and transmitter facilities to transmit their programming to affiliates and other distributors. Shutdowns
of satellites and transmitter facilities or service disruptions pose significant risks to the Company’s operations. Such disruptions
may be caused by power outages, natural disasters, extreme weather,
terrorist attacks, failures or impairments of
communications satellites or on-ground uplinks or downlinks used to transmit programming, or other similar events. If a
satellite is not able to transmit the Company’s programming, the Company may not be able to secure an alternative
communication satellite in a timely manner, because there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the
transmission of programming. If such an event were to occur, there could be a disruption in the delivery of the Company’s
programming, which could harm the Company’s reputation and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.

The Company’s businesses are subject to regulation in the U.S. and internationally, which could cause the Company to
incur additional costs or liabilities or disrupt its business practices. The Company’s businesses are subject to a variety of
U.S. and international laws and regulations. The Company could incur significant costs to comply with new laws or
regulations or changes in interpretations of laws or regulations or substantial penalties or other liabilities if it fails to comply
with them. Compliance with new laws or regulations also could cause the Company to change or limit its business practices
in a manner that is adverse to its businesses. In addition, if there are changes in laws or regulations that provide protections
that the Company relies on in conducting its businesses, these changes could subject the Company to greater risk of liability
and could increase compliance costs or limit the Company’s ability to operate certain lines of business.

If the separation of any of Time Inc., AOL Inc. (“AOL”) or Time Warner Cable Inc. (“TWC”) is determined to be
taxable for income tax purposes, Time Warner and/or Time Warner’s shareholders who received shares of Time Inc.,
AOL or TWC (as applicable) in connection with the respective spin-off of those companies could incur significant income
tax liabilities. In connection with the separation from the Company of (i) Time Inc. in June 2014 and (ii) AOL in December
2009, Time Warner received an opinion of counsel confirming that the applicable separation transaction should not result in
the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of gain or loss to Time Warner or its shareholders, except to the extent
of cash received in lieu of fractional shares in such transaction. In connection with the separation of TWC from the Company
in March 2009, Time Warner received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and opinions of
counsel confirming that the TWC separation should not result in the recognition, for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, of
gain or loss to Time Warner or its shareholders, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares. The IRS
ruling and the opinions of counsel in connection with these transactions were based on, among other things, certain facts,
assumptions, representations and undertakings that were made by Time Warner and Time Inc., AOL or TWC, as applicable,
in connection with the applicable separation transaction. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is
incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Time Warner and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the IRS ruling (in the case
of the TWC separation transaction) or opinion and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Furthermore, opinions of
counsel are not binding on the IRS or state or local tax authorities or the courts, and a tax authority or court could determine
that one or more of the separation transactions should be treated as a taxable transaction. Time Warner is entitled to
indemnification from Time Inc., AOL and TWC for taxes resulting from the failure of the applicable separation transaction
to qualify as tax-free as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by the former subsidiary or (ii) the failure of certain
representations made by the former subsidiary to be true. However, if transaction taxes are incurred for other reasons, Time
Warner would not be entitled to indemnification.

22

The proposed acquisition of Time Warner by AT&T may cause disruption in Time Warner’s business. On October 22,
2016, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with AT&T, pursuant to which Time Warner will combine with
AT&T in a stock-and-cash transaction. The Merger Agreement generally requires the Company to operate its business in the
ordinary course pending consummation of the proposed merger and restricts the Company, without AT&T’s consent, from
taking certain specified actions until the merger is completed. These restrictions may affect the Company’s ability to execute
its business strategies and attain its financial and other goals and may impact its financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

In connection with the pending merger, current and prospective employees of Time Warner may experience uncertainty
about their future roles with the combined company following the merger, which may materially adversely affect the ability
of Time Warner to attract and retain key personnel while the merger is pending. Key employees may depart because of issues
relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company following the
merger, and may depart prior to payments that may be due pursuant to the retention plan put in place in connection with the
merger. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Time Warner will be able to attract and retain key employees to the
same extent that Time Warner has been able to in the past.

The proposed merger further could cause disruptions to the Company’s business or business relationships, which could
have an adverse impact on results of operations. Parties with which the Company has business relationships may experience
uncertainty as to the future of such relationships and may delay or defer certain business decisions, seek alternative
relationships with third parties or seek to alter their present business relationships with the Company. Parties with whom the
Company otherwise may have sought to establish business relationships may seek alternative relationships with third parties.

The pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration may place a significant burden on management and
internal resources. The diversion of management’s attention away from day-to-day business concerns could adversely affect
the Company’s financial results.

The Company also could be subject to litigation related to the proposed merger, which could result in significant costs and
expenses. In addition to potential litigation-related expenses, the Company has incurred and will continue to incur other
significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the proposed
merger, and many of these fees and costs are payable regardless of whether or not the proposed merger is consummated.

Failure to complete the merger in a timely manner or at all could negatively impact the market price of the Time
Warner common stock, as well as the Company’s future business and its financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. The Company currently anticipates the merger will close before year-end 2017, but it cannot be certain when or
if the conditions for the proposed merger will be satisfied or (if permissible under applicable law) waived. The merger cannot
be completed until the conditions to closing are satisfied or (if permissible under applicable law) waived, including the
adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of Time Warner common stock (which has been obtained) and the receipt
of required antitrust and other regulatory approvals. In the event that the merger is not completed for any reason, the holders
of Time Warner common stock will not receive any payment for their shares of Time Warner common stock in connection
with the proposed merger. Instead, Time Warner will remain an independent public company and holders of Time Warner
common stock will continue to own their shares of Time Warner common stock.

Additionally, if the merger is not consummated in a timely manner or at all, Time Warner’s ongoing business may be

adversely affected as follows:

• Time Warner may experience negative reactions from financial markets and the stock price could decline;
•
• management’s focus would have been diverted from pursuing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to

it may experience negative reactions from employees, customers, suppliers or other third parties;

Time Warner; and
the costs of pursuing the merger may be higher than anticipated and would be borne entirely by Time Warner.

•

If the merger with AT&T is not completed, there can be no assurance that these risks will not materialize and will not

materially adversely affect Time Warner’s stock price, business, financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows.

23

Completion of the merger is subject to conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the merger will not
be completed. The obligations of AT&T and Time Warner to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver of a
number of conditions, some of which have been satisfied as of the date of this report. The obligations of AT&T and Time
Warner are each subject to, among other conditions: (i) adoption of the Merger Agreement by Time Warner shareholders
(which has been obtained), (ii) approval for the listing on the NYSE of the shares of AT&T common stock to be issued in the
merger, upon official notice of issuance, (iii) expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period (or extension thereof)
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iv) if required in connection with the
consummation of the merger, receipt of any necessary consents from the FCC, (v) receipt of consents from specified foreign
regulators, (vi) if required in connection with the merger, receipt of consents from state public utility commissions,
(vii) absence of any applicable law or order that prohibits completion of the merger, (viii) accuracy of the representations and
warranties made in the Merger Agreement by the other party, subject
to certain materiality qualifications, and
(ix) performance in all material respects by the other party of the material obligations required to be performed by it at or
prior to completion of the merger. In addition, AT&T’s obligation to complete the merger is further subject to the
governmental consents described in clauses (iii)-(vi) above having been received without the imposition of any regulatory
conditions that, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a “regulatory material adverse effect,” as
defined in the Merger Agreement. The satisfaction of the required conditions could delay the completion of the merger for a
significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Further, there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of
the merger will be satisfied or waived or that the merger will be completed.

in certain instances,

In order to complete the merger, AT&T and Time Warner must obtain certain governmental approvals, and if such
approvals are not granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the merger may be jeopardized or the anticipated
benefits of the merger could be reduced. Although AT&T and Time Warner have agreed in the Merger Agreement to use
their reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings and obtain the required
governmental approvals or expiration or earlier termination of relevant waiting periods, as the case may be, there can be no
assurance that the relevant waiting periods will expire or be terminated early or that the relevant approvals will be obtained.
In addition,
the governmental authorities that provide these approvals have broad discretion in
administering the governing regulations. As a condition to approving the merger or related transactions, these governmental
authorities may impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions or require divestitures or place restrictions on the
conduct of AT&T’s business after completion of the merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, AT&T and its
subsidiaries are required to take any and all actions necessary to obtain the consents, registrations, approvals, permits,
waiting period expirations or authorizations imposed by governmental authorities required to consummate the merger
(including accepting any conditions imposed by governmental authorities that would have a serious and significant adverse
impact on the current or future business or operations of AT&T and its subsidiaries, including Time Warner and its
subsidiaries), except those actions which would result in a regulatory material adverse effect as defined in the Merger
Agreement. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that
such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing
additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger, or otherwise
adversely affecting, including to a material extent, AT&T’s businesses and results of operations after completion of the
merger. In addition, there can be no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the
abandonment of the merger.

24

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

INTRODUCTION

Management’s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (“MD&A”) is a supplement to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements and provides additional information on Time Warner Inc.’s (“Time
Warner” or the “Company”) businesses, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
MD&A is organized as follows:

•

•

•

•

•

•

Overview. This section provides a general description of Time Warner’s business segments, as well as
recent developments the Company believes are important in understanding the results of its operations and
financial condition or in understanding anticipated future trends.

Results of operations. This section provides an analysis of the Company’s results of operations for the three
years ended December 31, 2016. This analysis is presented on both a consolidated and a business segment
basis. In addition, a brief description of transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results
being analyzed is provided.

Financial condition and liquidity. This section provides an analysis of the Company’s cash flows for the
three years ended December 31, 2016 and the Company’s outstanding debt and commitments as of
December 31, 2016. Included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial
capacity available to fund the Company’s ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion
of other financing arrangements.

Market risk management. This section discusses how the Company monitors and manages exposure to
potential gains and losses arising from changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates, foreign
currency exchange rates and changes in the market value of financial instruments.

Critical accounting policies. This section identifies those accounting policies that are considered important
to the Company’s results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve
significant management estimates. The Company’s significant accounting policies, including those considered
to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in Note 1, “Description of Business, Basis of Presentation
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Caution concerning forward-looking statements. This section provides a description of the use of forward-
looking information appearing in this report, including in MD&A and the consolidated financial statements.
Such information is based on management’s current expectations about future events, which are inherently
susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Refer to Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in Part I of this
report for a discussion of the risk factors applicable to the Company.

OVERVIEW

Time Warner is a leading media and entertainment company whose major businesses encompass an array of the most
respected and successful media brands. Among the Company’s brands are TNT, TBS, Adult Swim, Cartoon Network, CNN,
HBO, Cinemax, Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company generated
Revenues of $29.318 billion (up 4% from $28.118 billion in 2015), Operating Income of $7.547 billion (up 10% from $6.865
billion in 2015), Income from continuing operations of $3.914 billion (up 3% from $3.795 billion in 2015), Net Income
attributable to Time Warner shareholders of $3.926 billion (up 2% from $3.833 billion in 2015) and Cash provided by
operations from continuing operations of $4.683 billion (up 22% from $3.851 billion in 2015). The Company’s results for the
year ended December 31, 2016 were significantly impacted by $1.008 billion of premiums paid and costs incurred on debt
redemptions. The Company’s results for the year ended December 31, 2014 were significantly impacted by the sale and
leaseback of the Company’s space in Time Warner Center in January 2014 and the reversal of certain tax reserves in
connection with an audit settlement. See “Results of Operations — Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability”
for a discussion of transactions and other items that affected the comparability of Time Warner’s results.

25

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Time Warner Businesses

Time Warner classifies its operations into three reportable segments: Turner, Home Box Office and Warner Bros. For
additional information regarding Time Warner’s segments, refer to Note 16, “Segment Information,” to the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

As used in MD&A, the term “affiliates” refers to distributors that deliver packages of networks to their subscribers,
including cable system operators, satellite service distributors and telephone companies (“traditional affiliates”) and virtual
multichannel video programming distributors (“virtual MVPDs”); and the term “OTT services” refers to services that deliver
video content to consumers over the internet and includes subscription video-on-demand (“SVOD”) services and advertising-
supported VOD (“AVOD”) services such as social media platforms and user-generated content digital platforms, but does
not include virtual MVPDs.

Turner. Time Warner’s Turner segment consists of businesses managed by Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.
(“Turner”). During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Turner segment recorded Revenues of $11.364 billion (38% of
the Company’s total Revenues) and Operating Income of $4.372 billion.

Turner creates and programs branded news, entertainment, sports and kids multi-platform content for consumers
around the world. The Turner networks and related businesses and brands include TNT, TBS, Adult Swim, truTV, Turner
Classic Movies, Turner Sports, Bleacher Report, Cartoon Network, Boomerang, CNN, HLN and iStreamPlanet. The Turner
networks generate revenues principally from licensing programming to affiliates that have contracted to receive and
distribute this programming to subscribers, from the sale of advertising and from licensing its original programming and its
brands and characters for consumer products and other business ventures. Turner also generates revenues from the sale of
advertising and sponsorships through its digital properties. Turner’s programming is available to subscribers of affiliates for
viewing live and on demand on television and various internet-connected devices on services provided by affiliates and on
Turner’s digital properties. Turner is also pursuing direct-to-consumer distribution options for its programming and
networks. For example, in November 2016, Turner launched its first domestic SVOD service, FilmStruck, aimed at arthouse
film enthusiasts.

Home Box Office. Time Warner’s Home Box Office segment consists of businesses managed by Home Box Office,
Inc. (“Home Box Office”). During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Home Box Office segment recorded Revenues of
$5.890 billion (20% of the Company’s total Revenues) and Operating Income of $1.917 billion.

Home Box Office operates the HBO and Cinemax multichannel premium pay television services, with the HBO
service ranking as the most widely distributed multichannel premium pay television service. HBO and Cinemax
programming is available in the U.S. to subscribers of affiliates for viewing live and on demand on television and various
internet-connected devices on services provided by affiliates and on Home Box Office’s digital properties. In addition, Home
Box Office offers HBO NOW, a domestic stand-alone OTT service available through digital distributors and some affiliates
on a variety of internet-connected devices. Home Box Office has entered into arrangements with a number of digital
distributors to provide their subscribers access to HBO and Cinemax services and programming on a variety of digital
platforms and devices. HBO- and Cinemax-branded premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services are distributed in
over 60 countries in Latin America, Asia and Europe.

In the U.S., Home Box Office generates revenues principally from licensing programming to affiliates and digital
distributors that have contracted to receive and distribute such programming to their customers who subscribe to the HBO or
Cinemax services. Home Box Office’s agreements with its domestic affiliates are typically long-term arrangements that
provide for annual service fee increases and marketing support. The relationship between subscriber totals and the amount of
revenues earned under Home Box Office affiliate agreements depends on the specific terms of the applicable agreement,
which may include basic and/or pay television subscriber thresholds, volume discounts and other performance-based
discounts. Marketing and promotional activities intended to retain existing subscribers and acquire new subscribers may also

26

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

impact revenue earned. Internationally, Home Box Office generates subscription revenues by licensing programming to
international affiliates that have contracted to receive and distribute such programming to their customers. In some countries,
Home Box Office also generates subscription revenues from OTT services that are distributed to consumers either directly or
through third parties. Additional sources of revenues for Home Box Office are the home entertainment sales of its original
programming, including Game of Thrones, True Detective, True Blood and Girls, via physical and digital formats and the
licensing of its original programming.

Warner Bros. Time Warner’s Warner Bros. segment consists of businesses managed by Warner Bros. Entertainment
Inc. (“Warner Bros.”) that principally produce and distribute television shows, feature films and videogames. During the year
ended December 31, 2016, the Warner Bros. segment recorded Revenues of $13.037 billion (42% of the Company’s total
Revenues) and Operating Income of $1.734 billion.

Warner Bros. is a leader in television production and distribution. Warner Bros. generates television product revenues
principally from the licensing of programs to broadcast and cable television networks and premium pay television and OTT
services. For the 2016/2017 season, Warner Bros. is producing 75 original series in the U.S., including (i) at least four series
for each of the five broadcast networks (including 2 Broke Girls, Arrow, The Bachelor, The Big Bang Theory, Blindspot,
DC’s Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash, Gotham, iZombie, Lethal Weapon, Little Big Shots, Lucifer, The Middle, Mom,
Riverdale, Supergirl, Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries and The Voice), (ii) series for basic cable networks (including
Animal Kingdom, People of Earth, Pretty Little Liars and Queen Sugar), (iii) series for premium pay television services
(including The Leftovers, Shameless and Westworld), (iv) series for SVOD services (including Disjointed, Fuller House,
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life and Longmire), (v) series for first-run syndication (including The Ellen De Generes Show,
Extra, The Real and TMZ) and (vi) animated series for Cartoon Network, Boomerang, Adult Swim and third party networks
(including Be Cool, Scooby Doo!, Mike Tyson Mysteries, New Looney Tunes and Teen Titans Go! ). Warner Bros. also
licenses the rights to many of its U.S. original television series in international territories. Outside the U.S., Warner Bros. has
a global network of production companies in many countries (located across Europe and South America and in Australia and
New Zealand), which allows Warner Bros. to develop programming specifically tailored for the audiences in these territories.
These local production companies also focus on developing non-scripted programs and formats that can be adapted and sold
internationally and in the U.S.

Warner Bros. is a leader in the feature film industry and produces feature films under its Warner Bros. and New Line
Cinema banners. Warner Bros. generates theatrical product revenues principally through rental fees from theatrical exhibition
of feature films, including the following recently released films: The Accountant, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice,
Central Intelligence, The Conjuring 2, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, The Legend of Tarzan, The LEGO Batman
Movie, Lights Out, Me Before You, Storks, Suicide Squad and Sully, and subsequently through licensing fees received from
the distribution of films on premium pay television services, broadcast and cable television networks and OTT services.

Warner Bros. is a leader in the home entertainment and videogame industries. The segment generates television and
theatrical product revenues from the distribution of television and theatrical product in various physical and digital formats
(e.g., electronic sell-through (“EST”) and video-on-demand (“VOD”)). In addition, the segment generates revenues through
the development and distribution of videogames, including the following recently released videogames: LEGO Marvel’s
Avengers and Mortal Kombat XL.

The distribution and sale of home entertainment product in physical formats is a large contributor to the segment’s
revenues and profits. For the past several years, sales of home entertainment product in physical formats have declined as the
home entertainment industry has been undergoing significant changes as home entertainment consumption patterns have
shifted. Several factors have contributed to this decline, including consumers shifting to digital purchases and transactional
VOD rentals of content; changing retailer initiatives and strategies (e.g., reduction of floor space devoted to home
entertainment product in physical formats); retail store closures; increasing competition for consumer discretionary time and
spending; and piracy. Consumers have also been increasingly shifting to OTT services that are based on a subscription model
rather than a transactional model. During 2016, across the home entertainment industry, consumer spending on home

27

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

entertainment product in physical formats continued to decline and consumer spending on electronic delivery continued to
increase. The electronic delivery of film and television content is growing and becoming more important to the Warner Bros.
segment, which has helped to offset some of the decline in sales of home entertainment product in physical formats.

Television Industry

The television industry continues to evolve, with changes in technology, rapid growth in new video services, and a
corresponding increase in overall video content consumption and shift in consumer viewing patterns. Consumers are
watching an increasing amount of programming on demand and across a wide variety of services and internet-connected
devices. Over the past few years, the number of subscribers to multichannel video services provided by traditional affiliates
in the U.S. has declined slightly, and the Company expects further modest declines to continue in the future. To counteract
this trend, some traditional affiliates are placing greater emphasis on selling smaller bundles of networks, resulting in higher
subscriber declines for most individual networks than for traditional affiliates in total.

At the same time, the penetration of internet-connected devices has grown, which has led to a growing number and
variety of internet-delivered video services that do not require a traditional affiliate subscription or set-top box hardware.
These include SVOD services, such as Amazon Prime Video, Hulu and Netflix, which have continued to increase their
number of subscribers and have been, and are expected to continue, making significant investments in acquired and original
programming. Some television networks and premium pay television services have also launched OTT services, such as
HBO. In addition, some traditional affiliates as well as media and technology companies have launched, or have announced
that they will launch, virtual MVPD services, and AVOD services, such as YouTube and Facebook, also have continued to
gain in popularity.

As a result of these changes, consumers have more options for obtaining video content,

including lower-cost
alternatives. The combination of new competitors, changes in viewing habits and declines in subscribers to traditional
affiliates’ multichannel video services has negatively affected overall television ratings and, as a result, television advertising
revenues for the industry and certain of the Company’s networks. There also has been a corresponding shift of advertising
dollars to non-traditional video outlets.

To address these changes, the Company’s strategy over the past few years has focused on strengthening its position
within the traditional TV ecosystem, enhancing the value of traditional multichannel video service subscriptions for
consumers and affiliates and the value of television advertising for advertisers, and pursuing new opportunities outside the
traditional TV ecosystem. As part of this strategy, the Company plans to continue increasing its investment in high-quality
distinctive programming to enhance the value of its networks, as well as expanding the amount of its content that is available
on demand to capitalize on the shift in consumption habits. In addition, Turner has introduced new advertising products that
provide greater data analytic tools and targeting capabilities to advertisers in order to compete more effectively with non-
traditional outlets. The Company is also pursuing a number of initiatives to capitalize on the new opportunities presented by
these changes, including launching OTT services and investing in and obtaining distribution of its content through other
companies’ OTT services, as well as investing in short-form content production and digital-first news and entertainment
networks. In addition, the Company is focused on increasing the digital sales and rentals of its television and film content and
is a leader in various initiatives designed to make digital ownership of content more compelling for consumers.

AT&T and Time Warner Merger Agreement

On October 22, 2016, Time Warner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with
AT&T Inc. (“AT&T”), West Merger Sub, Inc. and West Merger Sub II, LLC, pursuant to which Time Warner will combine
with AT&T in a stock-and-cash transaction. The Merger Agreement has been approved unanimously by the boards of
directors of both companies. Time Warner shareholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of shareholders
held on February 15, 2017. Subject to the satisfaction of the remaining conditions in the Merger Agreement, upon
consummation of the merger, Time Warner’s shareholders will receive per share consideration consisting of $53.75 in cash

28

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

and a specified number of shares of AT&T stock, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and determined by reference to the
average of the volume weighted averages of the trading price of AT&T common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) on each of the 15 consecutive NYSE trading days ending on and including the trading day that is three trading
days prior to the closing of the merger (the “Average Stock Price”). The stock portion of the per share consideration will be
subject to a collar such that if the Average Stock Price is between $37.411 and $41.349, Time Warner shareholders will
receive shares of AT&T stock equal to $53.75 in value for each share of Time Warner common stock. If the Average Stock
Price is below $37.411, Time Warner’s shareholders will receive 1.437 AT&T shares for each share of Time Warner
common stock. If the Average Stock Price is above $41.349, Time Warner shareholders will receive 1.300 AT&T shares for
each share of Time Warner common stock. The merger is conditioned on the receipt of certain antitrust and other required
regulatory consents. The merger is expected to close before year-end 2017. Should Time Warner terminate the Merger
Agreement in specified circumstances, Time Warner may be required to pay AT&T a termination fee equal to $1.725 billion
if Time Warner enters into or consummates an alternative transaction with a third party following such termination of the
Merger Agreement.

The merger with AT&T is consistent with the Company’s strategy of ensuring that its content is available to consumers
on a wide range of distribution platforms. The Company expects the merger will accelerate the Company’s efforts to spur
innovation in the media industry and improve the consumer experience in pay television bundles by creating compelling
consumer offerings and developing more targeted advertising offerings, and it will accelerate and reduce the risk in Time
Warner’s strategy to distribute content through other online and mobile services, including those offered directly to
consumers.

Recent Developments

Strategic Review of Programming

As part of its strategic planning process, the Company routinely reviews opportunities to streamline its operations and
optimize its programming. In connection with that review, the Company evaluated its future use of certain owned and
licensed programming, decided no longer to air this programming and incurred charges of approximately $100 million at the
Turner segment in the fourth quarter of 2016, which were partially offset by $6 million of intersegment eliminations related
to programming licensed by the Warner Bros. segment to the Turner segment.

Debt Tender Offers

On December 14, 2016, Time Warner purchased through cash tender offers $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of
its outstanding debt from the following series: 7.700% Debentures due 2032, 7.625% Debentures due 2031, 6.500%
Debentures due 2036 and 6.625% Debentures due 2029, each of which continues to have amounts outstanding (the “Debt
Tender Offers”). The premiums paid and costs incurred in connection with this purchase were $1.008 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2016 and were recorded in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

2016 Debt Offerings

On December 8, 2016, Time Warner issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.80% Notes due 2027 under a
shelf registration statement. On May 10, 2016, Time Warner issued $800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Notes
due 2026 under a shelf registration statement. See “Financial Condition and Liquidity — Outstanding Debt and Other
Financing Arrangements” for further information.

Revolving Credit Facilities Maturity Date Extension

On December 16, 2016, Time Warner amended its $5.0 billion of senior unsecured credit facilities (the “Revolving
Credit Facilities”), which consist of two $2.5 billion revolving credit facilities to extend the maturity dates of both facilities

29

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

from December 18, 2020 to December 18, 2021 and eliminate the swingline loan subfacility included in one of its facilities.
At December 31, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facilities, and Time Warner had
$1.394 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which is supported by the Revolving Credit Facilities. See “Financial
Condition and Liquidity — Outstanding Debt and Other Financing Arrangements” for further information.

Time Warner Pension Plan Amendment

On August 1, 2016, the Time Warner Pension Plan (the “Pension Plan”) was amended to provide a window for a one-
time lump sum payment for eligible vested participants who (i) had terminated employment as of May 31, 2016, (ii) had not
yet commenced payment of their benefits as of May 31, 2016, (iii) are not otherwise eligible for an immediate lump sum
payment of their benefits and (iv) have benefits with a present value of less than $50,000. Eligible participants had the
opportunity to elect, during the period beginning on August 16, 2016 and ending on October 7, 2016, to receive their benefits
in the form of an immediate lump sum payment. Certain annuity options were also available. Payments to those eligible
participants who elected to receive their benefit under the window program were made or commenced in December 2016.
During the three months ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized settlement losses of $52 million principally in
connection with this amendment to the Pension Plan, $38 million of which was related to businesses the Company previously
disposed of. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized settlement losses of $70 million, $46 million
of which was related to businesses the Company previously disposed of. The settlement losses related to businesses the
Company previously disposed of are included in Discontinued operations, net of tax in the accompanying Consolidated
Statement of Operations. The settlement losses related to continuing operations are included in Selling, general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Hulu

On August 2, 2016, Time Warner purchased a 10% ownership interest in Hulu, LLC, a company that provides OTT
services, for $590 million in cash, including transaction costs. Time Warner accounts for this investment under the equity
method of accounting.

NCAA

On March 14, 2016, Turner and CBS entered into an agreement with the National Collegiate Athletic Association (the
“NCAA”) to license the television, digital and marketing rights to the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Championship
Tournament (the “NCAA Tournament”) from 2025 through 2032 for an aggregate rights fee of $8.8 billion. While the
aggregate rights fee will be paid by Turner to the NCAA, the rights fee, production costs, advertising revenues and
sponsorship revenues related to the NCAA Tournament and related programming will continue to be shared by Turner and
CBS. Annually, for 2025 through 2032, Turner will be allocated the first $90 million of revenue subject
to the
arrangement. However, if the amount paid for the rights fee and production costs in any year during that period exceeds
advertising and sponsorship revenues for that year, including the $90 million of revenue allocated to Turner, CBS’ share of
such shortfall will be limited to $45 million. Under the current agreement among Turner, CBS and the NCAA, Turner and
CBS have licensed rights to the NCAA Tournament through 2024.

Fandango

In April 2016, Warner Bros. sold its Flixster business to Fandango Media, LLC (“Fandango”), a subsidiary of
NBCUniversal Media LLC, in exchange for a 25% interest in Fandango. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Warner
Bros. recorded a pre-tax gain of $90 million in connection with this transaction. Time Warner accounts for its investment in
Fandango under the equity method of accounting.

30

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Central European Media Enterprises Ltd.

On February 19, 2016, CME Media Enterprises B.V. (“CME BV”), a subsidiary of Central European Media
Enterprises Ltd. (“CME”), entered into a credit agreement (the “2016 Credit Agreement”) with third-party financial
institutions for an approximate €470 million senior unsecured term loan (the “2016 Term Loan”) that was funded in April
2016 and matures on February 19, 2021. Time Warner has guaranteed CME BV’s obligations under the 2016 Credit
Agreement for a fee equal to a rate based on CME’s net leverage, which was 9% as of December 31, 2016, less the interest
rate on the 2016 Term Loan, which was 1.78% as of December 31, 2016, to be paid to Time Warner semi-annually. CME
BV must pay a portion of the fee in cash and may, at CME BV’s option, pay the remainder in cash or in kind. In April 2016,
CME used cash on hand and the proceeds of the 2016 Term Loan to repay in their entirety both its Senior Secured Notes due
2017 (the “Senior Secured Notes”) and the term loan Time Warner provided CME in 2014 (the “TW Term Loan”), which
also was due in 2017. Time Warner received approximately $485 million in connection with CME’s repayment of the Senior
Secured Notes and the TW Term Loan. As consideration for assisting CME in refinancing its debt due in 2017, Time Warner
earned a fee equal to 1% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016 Term Loan borrowed at funding. Prior to the funding,
CME BV entered into unsecured interest rate hedge arrangements to protect against changes in the interest rate on the 2016
Term Loan during its term, and Time Warner has guaranteed CME BV’s obligations under such arrangements.

In addition, on February 19, 2016, CME entered into an amendment to extend the maturity of its €251 million senior
unsecured term loan obtained in 2014 from third-party financial institutions (the “2014 Term Loan”) from November 1, 2017
to November 1, 2018. Time Warner continues to guarantee CME’s obligations under the 2014 Term Loan.

Time Warner and CME also agreed on February 19, 2016 to amend and restate the $115 million revolving credit
facility Time Warner provided CME in 2014 to reduce the size of the facility to $50 million as of January 1, 2018 and to
extend its term from December 2017 to February 2021. Amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility bear interest
at a rate based on CME’s net leverage. Beginning in April 2016, CME must pay a portion of the interest for each applicable
quarterly interest period in cash and may, at CME’s option, pay the remainder in kind by adding such amount to the
outstanding principal amount of the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding
under the revolving credit facility.

The Company recorded a pretax gain of $95 million in Investment gains (losses), net

in the accompanying
Consolidated Statement of Operations in the second quarter of 2016 in connection with these transactions. Additionally,
when recognizing CME’s results in the second quarter of 2016 under the equity method of accounting, the Company
recorded a pretax charge of $150 million in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations
related to these transactions.

As discussed in Note 5, “Investments,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has
guaranteed an aggregate amount of €955 million of CME’s outstanding senior debt. Pursuant to the terms of CME’s
outstanding senior debt, a change of control of Time Warner provides the administrative agent and/or lenders of this debt the
right to declare the debt immediately due and payable. If that were to occur, Time Warner would be obligated under the
terms of its guarantees to pay the full amount of the debt, subject to reimbursement from CME on the scheduled maturity
dates for the debt in 2018, 2019 and 2021.

31

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Recent Accounting Guidance

See Note 1, “Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the

accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting guidance.

Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability

As more fully described herein and in the related notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the
comparability of Time Warner’s results from continuing operations has been affected by transactions and certain other items
in each period as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

$

Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs related to the AT&T merger
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impact on Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investment gains (losses), net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts related to the separation or disposition of former Time Warner
segments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Items affecting comparability relating to equity method investments . . .
Pretax impact . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax impact of above items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impact of items affecting comparability on income from continuing

$

(43)
78
—
(42)
(47)
(54)
148

(19)
(1,008)
(136)
(1,069)
343

$

(25)
(1)
(22)
—
(10)
(58)
(31)

(17)
(72)
(27)
(205)
57

operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. shareholders . . . . . . . . . .

$

(726)

$

(148)

$

(69)
464
(173)
—
(80)
142
30

(6)
—
(97)
69
165

234

In addition to the items affecting comparability described above, the Company incurred Restructuring and severance
costs of $117 million, $60 million and $512 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Turner segment incurred programming impairments of $136
million, $131 million and $526 million, respectively, which were partially offset by intersegment eliminations of $6 million,
$2 million and $138 million, respectively. For further discussion of Restructuring and severance costs and the programming
impairments, see “Overview,” “Consolidated Results” and “Business Segment Results.”

Asset Impairments

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized asset impairments of $43 million, which consisted
of $28 million at the Turner segment primarily related to an international broadcast license, $9 million at the Warner Bros.
segment related to certain internally developed software and $6 million at Corporate related to miscellaneous assets.

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized asset impairments of $15 million at Corporate
primarily related to an asset held for disposal and certain internally developed software, $7 million at the Warner Bros.
segment primarily related to certain internally developed software and $3 million at the Turner segment related to
miscellaneous assets.

32

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized asset impairments of $17 million at the Turner
segment related to miscellaneous assets; $4 million at the Home Box Office segment related to an international tradename;
$41 million at the Warner Bros. segment, including $12 million related to a tradename, and the remaining amount primarily
related to various fixed assets and certain internally developed software; and $7 million at Corporate related to certain
internally developed software.

Gain (Loss) on Operating Assets, Net

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $78 million of net gains on operating assets,
consisting of $92 million of gains at the Warner Bros. segment, principally relating to the gain on the sale of Flixster’s net
assets to Fandango, and $14 million of net losses at the Turner segment, principally relating to the pending disposition of a
business.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized losses on operating assets of $1 million at the Warner

Bros. segment.

For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized net gains on operating assets of $464 million,
including $16 million of net gains at the Turner segment, consisting of a $13 million gain related to the sale of Zite, Inc., a
news content aggregation and recommendation platform, a $4 million gain related to the sale of certain fixed assets, a $3
million loss related to the shutdown of a business and a $2 million gain primarily related to the sale of a building in South
America; a $7 million gain at the Warner Bros. segment primarily related to the sale of certain fixed assets; and a $441
million gain at Corporate in connection with the sale and leaseback of the Company’s space in Time Warner Center.

Venezuelan Foreign Currency Loss

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized a pretax foreign exchange loss of $22 million,
consisting of $17 million at the Turner segment and $5 million at the Warner Bros. segment, related to a change in the
foreign currency exchange rate used by the Company for remeasuring its Venezuelan net monetary assets from the SICAD 2
rate to the Simadi rate.

For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized a pretax foreign exchange loss of $173 million,
consisting of $137 million at the Turner segment and $36 million at the Warner Bros. segment, related to a change in the
foreign currency exchange rate used by the Company for remeasuring its Venezuelan net monetary assets from the official
rate to the SICAD 2 exchange rate.

The Venezuelan foreign currency losses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the

accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Costs Related to the AT&T Merger

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $42 million of costs related to the AT&T merger,
consisting of $28 million at Corporate, $7 million at the Warner Bros. segment, $5 million at the Turner segment and $2
million at the Home Box Office segment. These costs reflect $24 million of external transaction costs and $18 million of
costs from employee retention programs (as discussed below). Approximately $40 million of these costs are included in
Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations and the remainder
in Costs of revenues in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, as of December 31, 2016, the Company has granted
5.3 million special retention restricted stock units (“Special Retention RSUs”) to certain employees of Time Warner and its
divisions, including all executive officers of Time Warner. Half of the Special Retention RSUs will vest 25% per year on
each of the first four anniversaries of February 15, 2017, and the remaining half will vest 25% per year on each of the first
four anniversaries of February 15, 2018. Pursuant to the Special Retention RSU agreements, vesting as a result of retirement
is not permitted unless the employee retires after the merger has closed. In addition, the awards do not accelerate

33

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

automatically following the closing of the merger. Instead, the employee must remain employed following the closing, and
the awards will vest only upon the scheduled vesting date or upon termination of employment under certain circumstances,
such as termination without cause, for good reason or due to retirement.

In addition, certain employees of Time Warner and its divisions, including executive officers other than the Chairman
and CEO, have received or will receive a cash retention award. Half of the award will become payable upon the closing of
the merger, and the remaining half will become payable six months thereafter,
in both cases, subject to continued
employment on the relevant payment date. Payment will also be made upon termination without cause or for good reason.

Other

Other reflects external costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions of $14 million, $10 million and $80 million
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. External costs related to mergers, acquisitions or
dispositions for the year ended December 31, 2016 consisted of $7 million at the Turner segment, $4 million at the Warner
Bros. segment and $3 million at Corporate. External costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions for the year ended
December 31, 2015 consisted of $3 million at the Turner segment, $6 million at the Warner Bros. segment and $1 million at
Corporate. External costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions for the year ended December 31, 2014 consisted of
$14 million at the Turner segment primarily related to exit costs in connection with the shutdown of CNN Latino,
$19 million at the Warner Bros. segment primarily related to the acquisition of the operations outside the U.S. of Eyeworks
Group and $47 million at Corporate primarily related to the legal and structural separation of the Company’s former Time
Inc. segment from the Company (the “Time Separation”).

For the year ended December 31, 2016, other also includes $24 million of pension settlement charges at Corporate and
$9 million of expenses at the Home Box Office segment related to Home Box Office’s withdrawal from a multiemployer
benefit plan.

External costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions and pension settlement charges are included in Selling,

general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Investment Gains (Losses), Net

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $148 million of net investment gains, consisting of a
$95 million gain in connection with financing transactions of CME, a $41 million gain associated with an agreement to
dissolve a Home Box Office joint venture in the Netherlands, $32 million of net miscellaneous investment gains and
$20 million of losses relating to fair value adjustments on warrants to purchase common stock of CME held by the Company.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized $31 million of net investment losses, consisting of
$63 million of net losses related to fair value adjustments on warrants to purchase common stock of CME held by the
Company and $32 million of net miscellaneous investment gains.

For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized $30 million of net investment gains, consisting of
$29 million of gains related to fair value adjustments on warrants to purchase common stock of CME held by the Company
and $1 million of net miscellaneous investment gains.

These amounts have been reflected in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

34

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Amounts Related to the Separation or Disposition of Former Time Warner Segments

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $19 million of losses related to the separation or
disposition of former Time Warner segments, consisting of $15 million of losses primarily reflecting pension and other
retirement benefits related to employees and former employees of Time Inc. and $4 million of losses primarily related to the
disposition of Warner Music Group (“WMG”) in 2004, primarily related to a legal settlement.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized $17 million of losses related to the separation or
disposition of former Time Warner segments, consisting of $9 million of losses primarily reflecting pension and other
retirement benefits related to employees and former employees of Time Inc., losses of $4 million related to changes in the
value of a Time Warner Cable Inc. (“TWC”) tax indemnification receivable and losses of $4 million related to payments
made to TWC in accordance with a tax sharing arrangement.

For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized $6 million of losses related to the separation or
disposition of former Time Warner segments, consisting of losses of $10 million related to changes in the value of a TWC
tax indemnification receivable, a loss of $1 million related to the expiration, exercise and net change in the estimated fair
value of Time Warner equity awards held by TWC employees, income of $3 million related to the expiration, exercise and
net change in the estimated fair value of Time Warner equity awards held by certain Time Inc. employees and income of
$2 million primarily related to a tax indemnification obligation associated with the disposition of WMG.

These amounts have been reflected in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Premiums Paid and Costs Incurred on Debt Redemption

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $1.008 billion of premiums paid and costs incurred in
connection with the Debt Tender Offers. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized $72 million of
premiums paid and costs incurred principally to retire its 5.875% Notes due 2016 through a tender offer and redemption.
These amounts have been reflected in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Items Affecting Comparability Relating to Equity Method Investments

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized $150 million of losses related to the financing
transactions with CME in 2016 and $14 million of income primarily related to net investment gains recorded by equity
method investees. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized $18 million related to asset impairments
recorded by an equity method investee, $8 million related to net losses from discontinued operations recorded by an equity
method investee and $1 million related to expenses recorded by an equity method investee related to government
investigations. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized $70 million related to losses from
discontinued operations recorded by an equity method investee and $27 million related to a loss on the extinguishment of
debt recorded by an equity method investee. These amounts have been reflected in Other loss, net in the accompanying
Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Income Tax Impact

The income tax impact reflects the estimated tax provision or tax benefit associated with each item affecting
comparability using the effective tax rate for the item. The estimated tax provision or tax benefit can vary based on certain
factors, including the taxability or deductibility of the item and the applicable tax jurisdiction for the item. The income tax
provision on the gain on the sale and leaseback of the Company’s space in Time Warner Center in 2014 was offset by the
utilization of tax attributes.

35

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Consolidated Results

The following discussion provides an analysis of the Company’s results of operations and should be read in

conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Revenues. The components of Revenues are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intersegment eliminations . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

11,364 $
5,890
13,037
(973)

29,318 $

10,596
5,615
12,992
(1,085)
28,118

$

$

10,396
5,398
12,526
(961)
27,359

7%
5%
—%
(10)%
4%

2%
4%
4%
13%
3%

For the year ended December 31, 2016, Revenues at the Turner segment increased primarily driven by higher
Subscription and Advertising revenues, Revenues at the Home Box Office segment increased due to higher Subscription
revenues and Revenues at the Warner Bros. segment increased driven by higher Theatrical and Television product revenues,
partially offset by lower Videogames and other revenues. Changes in exchange rates associated with the foreign currencies to
which the Company is exposed negatively impacted the Company’s Revenues by approximately $340 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, with negative impacts of approximately
$195 million, $135 million and $10 million at the Warner Bros., Turner and Home Box Office segments, respectively. If the
foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar remain at the levels they were at as of December 31, 2016 or if the
U.S. Dollar strengthens further in 2017 relative to the foreign currencies to which the Company is exposed, the Company’s
Revenues in 2017 will be negatively affected as compared to its Revenues in 2016.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, Revenues at the Turner segment increased primarily driven by higher Content
and other and Advertising revenues, Revenues at the Home Box Office segment increased due to higher Subscription and
Content and other revenues and Revenues at the Warner Bros. segment increased driven by higher Videogames and other
revenues as well as higher Television product revenues, partly offset by lower Theatrical product revenues. The
strengthening of the U.S. Dollar during 2015 relative to foreign currencies to which the Company is exposed negatively
impacted the Company’s Revenues by approximately $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, consisting of
approximately $685 million, $340 million and $30 million at the Warner Bros., Turner and Home Box Office segments,
respectively.

Each of the revenue categories is discussed in greater detail by segment in “Business Segment Results.”

Costs of Revenues. Costs of revenues were $16.376 billion, $16.154 billion and $15.875 billion for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2016 reflected increases at
the Turner and HBO segments, partially offset by a decrease at the Warner Bros. segment. The increase for the year ended
December 31, 2015 reflected increases at the Warner Bros. and Home Box Office segments, partially offset by a decrease at
the Turner segment.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $5.123 billion,
$4.824 billion and $5.190 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase for the
year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to an increase at the Turner segment and at Corporate. The decrease for the
year ended December 31, 2015 reflected decreases at Corporate and the Turner and Warner Bros. segments, partially offset
by an increase at the Home Box Office segment.

36

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

In addition,

for the year ended December 31, 2016, Selling, general and administrative expenses included
approximately $40 million of costs related to the AT&T merger. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Selling, general and
administrative expenses also included a $22 million foreign currency charge related to the remeasurement of the Company’s
net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from a change in the foreign exchange rate used by the
Company from the SICAD 2 exchange rate to the Simadi exchange rate. For the year ended December 31, 2014, Selling,
general and administrative expenses also included a $173 million foreign currency charge related to the remeasurement of the
Company’s net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from a change in the foreign currency
exchange rate used by the Company from the official rate to the SICAD 2 exchange rate.

Included in Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses was depreciation expense of $479

million, $492 million and $531 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Amortization Expense. Amortization expense was $190 million, $189 million and $202 million for the years ended

December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Restructuring and Severance Costs. For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company incurred
Restructuring and severance costs primarily related to employee terminations and other exit activities. Restructuring and
severance costs are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total restructuring and severance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

61
49
4
3
117

$

$

58
—
1
1
60

$

$

249
63
169
31
512

The total number of employees terminated across the segments for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014

was approximately 800, 700 and 4,000, respectively.

Operating Income. Operating Income was $7.547 billion, $6.865 billion and $5.975 billion for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excluding the items noted under “Transactions and Other Items Affecting
Comparability” totaling $54 million of expense, $58 million of expense and $142 million of income for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, Operating Income increased $678 million and $1.090 billion in 2016 and
2015, respectively. Operating Income increased in 2016, despite the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates
of approximately $140 million, primarily reflecting increases at all of the segments, partially offset by a decrease at
Corporate. Operating Income increased in 2015, despite the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates of
approximately $480 million, reflecting increases at all of the segments and Corporate. The segment variations are discussed
under “Business Segment Results.” If the foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar remain at the levels they were at
as of December 31, 2016 or if the U.S. Dollar strengthens further in 2017 relative to the foreign currencies to which the
Company is exposed, the Company’s Operating Income will be negatively affected.

Interest Expense, Net.

Interest expense, net detail is shown in the table below (millions):

Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

(1,388)
227
(1,161)

$

$

(1,382)
219
(1,163)

$

$

(1,353)
184
(1,169)

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

37

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to higher average debt

balances, partially offset by lower average interest rates.

The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher average debt
balances, partially offset by lower average interest rates. The increase in interest income for the year ended December 31,
2015 was primarily related to noncash interest income accretion related to the transactions with CME that were completed in
2014, partially offset by the recognition of interest income during the year ended December 31, 2014 on a note receivable
that was collected in March 2014.

Other Loss, Net. Other loss, net detail is shown in the table below (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Investment gains (losses), net
Amounts related to the separation or disposition of former Time Warner

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

segments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss from equity method investees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other loss, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

148

$

(31)

$

(19)
(1,008)
(283)
(29)
(1,191)

$

(17)
(72)
(123)
(13)
(256)

$

30

(6)
—
(153)
2
(127)

Investment gains (losses), net, amounts related to the separation or disposition of former Time Warner segments and
premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption are discussed under “Transactions and Other Items Affecting
Comparability.” For the year ended December 31, 2016, the increase in loss from equity method investees was mainly due to
the Company’s share of losses from CME of $198 million primarily related to the CME financing transactions in 2016. For
the year ended December 31, 2015, loss from equity method investees decreased despite the unfavorable impact of foreign
exchange rates of approximately $70 million for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Income Tax Provision.

Income tax provision was $1.281 billion, $1.651 billion and $785 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company’s effective tax rate was 25%, 30% and 17% for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2016 as compared to 2015
was primarily due to a change in the Company’s tax method of accounting for film and television cost amortization that was
approved by the Internal Revenue Service during the third quarter of 2016. The change in method generated a tax benefit
related to extra-territorial income exclusions for tax years dating back to 2001. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2015
as compared to 2014 was primarily due to the recognition of a tax benefit attributable to the reversal of tax reserves in
connection with a Federal tax settlement in 2014. In addition, the 2015 effective tax rate benefited from a higher percentage
of earnings from non-U.S. entities.

Income from Continuing Operations.

Income from continuing operations was $3.914 billion, $3.795 billion and
$3.894 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excluding the items noted under
“Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” totaling $726 million of expense, $148 million of expense and $234
million of income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, Income from continuing operations
increased $697 million and $283 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 reflected
higher Operating Income and lower income tax expense, partially offset by higher Other loss, net. The increase in 2015 as
compared to 2014 reflected higher Operating Income, partially offset by higher income tax expense. Basic and diluted
income per common share from continuing operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders were $5.00
and $4.94, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016, $4.64 and $4.58, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and $4.49 and $4.41, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014.

38

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax. Discontinued operations, net of tax was $11 million of income, $37 million of
income and $67 million of loss for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Basic and diluted
income per common share from discontinued operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders were $0.01
and $0.02, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016. Basic and diluted income per common share from
discontinued operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders were $0.05 and $0.04, respectively, for the
year ended December 31, 2015. Both basic and diluted loss per common share from discontinued operations attributable to
Time Warner Inc. common shareholders were $0.07 for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Net Income Attributable to Time Warner Inc. Shareholders. Net

income attributable to Time Warner Inc.
shareholders was $3.926 billion, $3.833 billion and $3.827 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. Basic and Diluted net income per common share attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders were
$5.01 and $4.96, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2016, $4.69 and $4.62, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2015 and $4.42 and $4.34, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2014.

Business Segment Results

Turner. Revenues and Operating Income of the Turner segment for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and

2014 are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Revenues:

Subscription . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Advertising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Content and other . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues (a)
. . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and

administrative (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss . . .
Restructuring and severance costs . . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

5,936
4,763
665
11,364
(4,860)

(1,821)
(14)
(28)
—
(61)
(191)
(17)
4,372

$

$

5,306
4,637
653
10,596
(4,608)

(1,614)
—
(3)
(17)
(58)
(193)
(16)
4,087

$

$

5,263
4,568
565
10,396
(5,102)

(1,728)
16
(17)
(137)
(249)
(209)
(16)
2,954

12%
3%
2%
7%
5%

13%
NM
NM
NM
5%
(1)%
6%
7%

(a) Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation.

1%
2%
16%
2%

(10)%

(7)%
NM
(82)%
(88)%
(77)%
(8)%
—%
38%

39

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

The components of Costs of revenues for the Turner segment are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

3,112

$

3,001

$

876
3,988
872
4,860

$

806
3,807
801
4,608

$

3,069

1,213
4,282
820
5,102

4%

9%
5%
9%
5%

(2)%

(34)%
(11)%
(2)%
(10)%

Programming costs:

Originals and sports . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Acquired films and syndicated

series . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total programming costs . . . . . . . . . .
Other direct operating costs . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues (a)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(a) Costs of revenues exclude depreciation.

2016 vs. 2015

Domestic subscription revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased $627 million, primarily due to higher
contractual rates, partially offset by a decrease in subscribers. For the year ended December 31, 2016, international
subscription revenues increased $3 million as growth, mainly in Latin America, was partially offset by the unfavorable
impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $75 million.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the increase in Advertising revenues reflected domestic growth of $158 million
primarily driven by Turner’s news business, mainly due to the 2016 U.S. Presidential election coverage, and sports
programming, including the 2016 NCAA Tournament, partially offset by lower audience delivery at certain entertainment
networks. For the year ended December 31, 2016, international advertising revenues decreased $32 million as growth,
mainly in Latin America, was offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $50 million.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, programming costs increased mainly due to higher costs for sports
programming, the 2016 U.S. Presidential election coverage, syndicated series and acquired films, partially offset by lower
costs for original series. Included in programming costs for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were programming
impairment charges of $136 million and $131 million, respectively, related to Turner’s decision to no longer air certain
programming. The Company expects that the rate of growth for programming costs will be higher for the first half of 2017 as
compared with the same period in the prior year principally due to certain sports programming. The increase in other direct
operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily related to costs associated with Turner’s and Warner Bros.’
strategic partnership to grow their global kids businesses and digital initiatives.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, Selling, general and administrative expenses increased reflecting higher
marketing expense of $104 million primarily for new original series as well as higher costs related to employee
compensation and benefits.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Gain (loss) on operating assets,
Asset impairments, Venezuelan foreign currency loss, costs related to the AT&T merger and external costs related to
mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, which affected the comparability of
the Turner segment’s results.

Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased driven by higher Revenues, partially offset by

higher Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses.

40

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

2015 vs. 2014

The increase in Subscription revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 reflected higher domestic revenues of
$142 million primarily due to higher rates, partially offset by lower subscribers, and lower international revenues of $99
million due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $185 million, partially offset by growth
mainly in Latin America.

The increase in Advertising revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 reflected domestic growth of $116 million,
mainly driven by Turner’s domestic news business and the 2015 NCAA Tournament, partially offset by lower audience
delivery at certain of its entertainment networks and the absence of Advertising revenues in 2015 associated with NASCAR
television programming. International advertising revenues decreased $47 million as growth was more than offset by the
unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $125 million.

The increase in Content and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher license

fees from SVOD services.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, Costs of revenues decreased primarily due to lower programming impairment
charges. Programming impairment charges related to Turner’s decision to no longer air certain programming were $131
million and $526 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excluding the programming
impairment charges, programming costs declined primarily due to lower acquired films and syndicated series costs as a result
of the abandonment of certain programming in 2014 and the absence of costs in 2015 associated with NASCAR, partially
offset by higher costs associated with airing the Major League Baseball playoffs.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to
operational efficiency initiatives, including the 2014 restructuring activities described below and lower marketing expenses
of $50 million, partially offset by the absence in the current period of the reversal in 2014 of a $20 million accrued
contingency.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Asset impairments, Gain on
operating assets, Venezuelan foreign currency loss and external costs related to mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the
year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, which affected the comparability of the Turner segment’s results.

The results for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 included Restructuring and severance costs of $58 million
and $249 million, respectively, primarily related to headcount reductions in connection with restructuring activities designed
to position the Company for the current operating environment and reallocate resources to the Company’s growth initiatives.

The increase in Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to lower Costs of revenues,
higher Revenues, lower Restructuring and severance costs, a decrease in Venezuela foreign currency losses and lower
Selling, general and administrative expenses.

41

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Home Box Office. Revenues and Operating Income of the Home Box Office segment for the years ended

December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Revenues:

Subscription . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Content and other . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues (a)
. . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and

administrative (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and severance costs . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

5,003
887
5,890
(2,996)

(840)
—
(49)
(74)
(14)
1,917

$

$

4,748
867
5,615
(2,811)

(831)
—
—
(81)
(14)
1,878

$

$

4,578
820
5,398
(2,708)

(746)
(4)
(63)
(77)
(14)
1,786

5%
2%
5%
7%

1%
NM
NM
(9)%
—%
2%

(a) Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation.

The components of Costs of revenues for the Home Box Office segment are as follows (millions):

4%
6%
4%
4%

11%
NM
NM
5%
—%
5%

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Programming costs:

Acquired films and syndicated

series . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Originals and sports . . . . . . . . . . .
Total programming costs . . . . . . . . .
Other direct operating costs . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues (a)
. . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

(a) Costs of revenues exclude depreciation.

2016 vs. 2015

1,071
1,104
2,175
821
2,996

$

$

1,003
1,032
2,035
776
2,811

$

$

1,007
960
1,967
741
2,708

7%
7%
7%
6%
7%

—%
8%
3%
5%
4%

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the increase in Subscription revenues was primarily due to higher domestic

contractual rates.

The increase in originals and sports programming costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to
higher original programming expenses associated with new series, partially offset by the impact of the change in the estimate
of the utilization period of the Home Box Office segment’s original programming described below. The increase in acquired
films and syndicated series programming costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 reflects increases for both HBO’s
domestic and international businesses. The increase in other direct operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 was
mainly due to costs associated with HBO’s OTT service.

During the second quarter of 2016, the Home Box Office segment revised its estimate of the period over which its
original programming is utilized by its subscribers. The updated estimate gives consideration to Home Box Office’s original
programming history and was driven by consumer viewing patterns, which are influenced by the increased availability of and

42

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

on-demand access to Home Box Office’s content across a wide variety of devices and services, including HBO’s OTT
service, which launched in April 2015. As a result, in determining amortization under the film forecast computation method,
the weighted average subscriber utilization period for the majority of Home Box Office’s original programming was
increased by approximately five months. This change resulted in a reduction of amortization expense, as compared to the
amount determined using Home Box Office’s previous estimate, of approximately $150 million for the year ended
December 31, 2016.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to $13
million of higher employee-related costs and $9 million of expenses related to Home Box Office’s withdrawal from a
multiemployer benefit plan, partially offset by lower marketing expenses of $15 million.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of costs related to the AT&T merger

for the year ended December 31, 2016, which affected the comparability of the Home Box Office segment’s results.

The results for the year ended December 31, 2016 included $49 million of Restructuring and severance costs

principally related to executive severance costs.

The increase in Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to higher Revenues,

partially offset by higher Costs of revenues and higher Restructuring and severance costs.

2015 vs. 2014

The increase in Subscription revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher domestic
subscription revenues of $195 million driven mainly by higher contractual rates. International subscription revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2015 decreased $25 million mainly due to the transfer to Turner of the operation and certain
contracts of an HBO-branded basic tier television service in India and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of
approximately $15 million, partially offset by growth from international subscribers.

The increase in Content and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher
television licensing revenues from original programming of $91 million, which included the negative impact of foreign
exchange rates of approximately $15 million, partially offset by lower home entertainment revenues of $62 million.

The increase in Costs of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 reflected higher originals and sports
programming costs and higher other direct operating costs. The increase in originals and sports programming costs for the
year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher programming impairments and higher costs for original series.
The increase in other direct operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2015 was mainly due to costs associated with
HBO’s OTT service.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, Selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher

marketing expenses related to HBO’s OTT service.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Asset impairments for the year

ended December 31, 2014, which affected the comparability of the Home Box Office segment’s results.

The increase in Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher revenues and
lower Restructuring and severance costs, partially offset by higher Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative
expenses.

43

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Warner Bros. Revenues and Operating Income of the Warner Bros. segment for the years ended December 31, 2016,

2015 and 2014 are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Revenues:

Theatrical product . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Television product
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Videogames and other . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues (a)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative (a) . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss . . . . . .
Restructuring and severance costs . . . . . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

5,612
5,819
1,606
13,037
(9,266)
(1,769)
92
(9)
—
(4)
(188)
(159)
1,734

$

$

5,143
5,635
2,214
12,992
(9,419)
(1,787)
(1)
(7)
(5)
(1)
(197)
(159)
1,416

$

$

5,839
5,099
1,588
12,526
(8,906)
(1,832)
7
(41)
(36)
(169)
(218)
(172)
1,159

9%
3%

(27)%
—%
(2)%
(1)%
NM
29%
NM
NM
(5)%
—%
22%

(a) Costs of revenues and Selling, general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation.

(12)%
11%
39%
4%
6%
(2)%
(114)%
(83)%
(86)%
(99)%
(10)%
(8)%
22%

Revenues primarily relate to theatrical product (which is content made available for initial exhibition in theaters) and
television product (which is content made available for initial airing on television or OTT services). The components of
Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Theatrical product:

Film rentals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home video and electronic delivery . . .
Television licensing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consumer products and other . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total theatrical product

Television product:

Television licensing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home video and electronic delivery . . .
Consumer products and other . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Total television product

$

$

$

2,180
1,481
1,630
321
5,612

4,880
470
469
5,819

$

$

$

1,578
1,717
1,579
269
5,143

4,650
529
456
5,635

$

$

$

1,969
1,913
1,686
271
5,839

4,121
584
394
5,099

38%
(14)%

3%
19%
9%

5%

(11)%

3%
3%

(20)%
(10)%
(6)%
(1)%
(12)%

13%
(9)%
16%
11%

44

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

The components of Costs of revenues for the Warner Bros. segment are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Film and television production costs . . . . . . $
Print and advertising costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other costs, including merchandise and

related costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Costs of revenues (a)

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

6,341
1,903

1,022
9,266

$

$

6,152
1,989

1,278
9,419

$

$

5,924
1,907

1,075
8,906

3%
(4)%

(20)%
(2)%

4%
4%

19%
6%

(a) Costs of revenues exclude depreciation.

2016 vs. 2015

The increase in Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 included the net unfavorable impact of foreign

exchange rates of approximately $195 million.

Theatrical product revenues from film rentals increased for the year ended December 31, 2016, reflecting higher
revenues of $935 million from theatrical films released during 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by lower carryover
revenues of $333 million from prior period releases. The Company released 19 and 24 theatrical films in 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Although there were fewer releases, the 2016 film slate, which included films such as Batman v Superman:
Dawn of Justice, Suicide Squad and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, generated higher revenues than the 2015 film
slate, which included films such as San Andreas and Mad Max: Fury Road.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, theatrical product revenues from home video and electronic delivery continued
to decline primarily due to lower revenues from releases during 2016 compared to 2015. There were 22 and 24 home video
and electronic delivery releases in 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The increase in theatrical product revenues from television licensing for the year ended December 31, 2016 was

primarily due to higher international license fees.

The increase in theatrical product revenues from consumer products and other for the year ended December 31, 2016

was primarily due to higher consumer products licensing for theatrical films released in 2016.

The increase in television product revenues from television licensing for the year ended December 31, 2016 was

primarily due to higher initial telecast revenues, reflecting an increase in the number of episodes delivered.

The decrease in television product revenues from home video and electronic delivery for the year ended December 31,

2016 was primarily due to continued declines in sales of home entertainment product in physical formats.

Videogames and other revenues decreased for the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to lower revenues from
videogames released during 2016 compared to 2015. The Company released 12 and 14 videogames in 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

Included in film and television production costs are production costs related to videogames, as well as theatrical film
and videogame valuation adjustments resulting primarily from revisions to estimates of ultimate revenue and/or costs for
certain theatrical films and videogames. Theatrical film valuation adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2016 and
2015 were $69 million and $80 million, respectively. Videogame valuation adjustments for the year ended December 31,
2016 and 2015 were $20 million and $17 million, respectively. The increase in film and television production costs for the

45

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to higher costs for television and theatrical product, partially offset by
lower costs for videogames. The decrease in print and advertising costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily
due to the type and number of videogame releases. Other costs, including merchandise and related costs, decreased for the
year ended December 31, 2016 primarily due to lower distribution-related costs of sales, largely as a result of lower revenues
for videogames and home entertainment.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased for the year ended December 31, 2016 mainly due to lower bad

debt expense.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Gain (loss) on operating assets,
Asset impairments, Venezuelan foreign currency loss, costs related to the AT&T merger and external costs related to
mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, which affected the comparability of
the Warner Bros. segment’s results.

The increase in Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to lower Costs of revenues,

a Gain on operating assets, higher Revenues and lower Selling, general and administrative expenses.

2015 vs. 2014

The increase in Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 included the net unfavorable impact of foreign

exchange rates of approximately $685 million.

Theatrical product revenues from film rentals decreased for the year ended December 31, 2015, reflecting lower
revenues of $560 million from theatrical films released during 2015 compared to 2014, partially offset by higher carryover
revenues of $169 million from prior period releases. The Company released 24 and 22 theatrical films in 2015 and 2014,
respectively.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, theatrical product revenues from home video and electronic delivery decreased
primarily due to lower revenues from prior period releases, including catalog titles. There were 24 and 18 home video and
electronic delivery releases in 2015 and 2014, respectively.

The decrease in theatrical product revenues from television licensing for the year ended December 31, 2015 was

primarily due to the timing and mix of availabilities.

Television product revenues from television licensing for the year ended December 31, 2015 increased due to higher

syndication revenues (including higher license fees from SVOD services), partially offset by lower initial telecast revenues.

The decrease in television product revenues from home video and electronic delivery for the year ended December 31,
2015 was primarily due to continued declines in sales of home entertainment product in physical formats, partially offset by
growth in EST.

Television product revenues from consumer products and other increased for the year ended December 31, 2015

primarily due to an increase in the production of television series by Warner Bros. on behalf of third parties.

Videogames and other revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to higher revenues of
$706 million from videogames released during 2015 compared to 2014, partially offset by lower carryover revenues of $54
million from prior period releases. The Company released 14 and eight videogames in 2015 and 2014, respectively. In
addition, the increase in videogames and other revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 was partially offset by lower
patent license revenues.

46

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Included in film and television production costs are production costs related to videogames, as well as theatrical film
and videogame valuation adjustments resulting primarily from revisions to estimates of ultimate revenue and/or costs for
certain theatrical films and videogames. Theatrical film valuation adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
2014 were $80 million and $86 million, respectively. Videogame valuation adjustments for the year ended December 31,
2015 and 2014 were $17 million and $51 million, respectively. The increase in film and television production costs and print
and advertising costs for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to the mix of product released. Other costs,
including merchandise and related costs increased for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to higher distribution
costs associated with videogame sales.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to the
favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $80 million, lower distribution expenses of $23 million and
lower employee expenses of $18 million, partially offset by higher bad debt expense of $80 million primarily related to
international television operations.

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Asset impairments, Gain (loss) on
operating assets, Venezuelan foreign currency loss and external costs related to mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, which affected the comparability of the Warner Bros. segment’s results.

The increase in Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to higher revenues, lower
Restructuring and severance costs, lower Selling, general and administrative expenses, lower Asset impairments and lower
Venezuelan foreign currency losses, partially offset by higher Costs of revenues.

Corporate. Operating Loss at Corporate for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was as follows

(millions):

Year Ended December 31,

% Change

2016

2015

2014

2016 vs. 2015

2015 vs. 2014

Selling, general and administrative (a) . . . . .
Gain on operating assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and severance costs . . . . . . . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating Loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

(463)
—
(6)
(3)
(26)
(498)

$

$

(330)
—
(15)
(1)
(21)
(367)

$

$

(449)
441
(7)
(31)
(27)
(73)

40%
NM
(60)%
200%
24%
36%

(27)%
NM
114%
(97)%
(22)%
NM

(a) Selling, general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation.

2016 vs. 2015

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Asset impairments, pension
settlements, costs related to the AT&T merger and external costs related to mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the year
ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, which affected the comparability of Corporate’s results.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, Operating loss increased primarily due to higher equity-based compensation
expense of $69 million, which mainly reflected higher expenses for performance stock units due to an increase in the
Company’s stock price, $28 million of costs related to the AT&T merger, $24 million of pension settlement charges and
higher costs of $14 million primarily related to technology initiatives.

47

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

2015 vs. 2014

Refer to “Transactions and Other Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of Asset impairments, Gain on
operating assets and external costs related to mergers, acquisitions and dispositions for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, which affected the comparability of Corporate’s results.

Excluding the $441 million Gain on Operating assets during the year ended December 31, 2014, Operating Loss for the
year ended December 31, 2015 decreased primarily due to lower external costs related to mergers, acquisitions and
dispositions of $46 million, lower equity-based compensation expense of $46 million, which mainly reflected lower expenses
for performance stock units due to a decrease in the Company’s stock price, lower Restructuring and severance costs as well
as lower costs related to enterprise efficiency initiatives. The enterprise efficiency initiatives involve the centralization of
certain administrative functions to generate cost savings or other benefits for the Company.

Selling, general and administrative expenses included costs related to enterprise efficiency initiatives of $27 million

and $43 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY

Management believes that cash generated by or available to the Company should be sufficient to fund its capital and
liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, including scheduled debt repayments and quarterly dividend payments. Time
Warner’s sources of cash include Cash provided by operations, Cash and equivalents on hand, available borrowing capacity
under its committed credit facilities and commercial paper program and access to capital markets. Time Warner’s unused
committed capacity at December 31, 2016 was $5.162 billion, which included $1.539 billion of Cash and equivalents.

Current Financial Condition

At December 31, 2016, Time Warner had $24.339 billion of debt and $1.539 billion of Cash and equivalents, resulting
in net debt of $22.800 billion, compared to $23.792 billion of debt and $2.155 billion of Cash and equivalents, resulting in
net debt of $21.637 billion, at December 31, 2015. Total equity was $24.337 billion and $23.619 billion at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively.

The following table shows the significant items contributing to the increase in net debt from December 31, 2015 to

December 31, 2016 (millions):

Balance at December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided by operations from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premium paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends paid to common stockholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired, including available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the exercise of stock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other investment proceeds, including available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All other, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

21,637
(4,683)
432
1,008
2,322
1,269
1,237
(172)
(309)
59
22,800

48

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

In January 2016, Time Warner’s Board of Directors authorized up to $5.0 billion of share repurchases beginning
January 1, 2016, including the amount remaining at December 31, 2015 under the prior authorization. Purchases under the
stock repurchase program may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, with the size and timing
of purchases based on a number of factors, including price and business and market conditions. From January 1, 2016
through December 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 31 million shares of common stock for $2.307 billion pursuant to
trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In connection
with entering into the Merger Agreement, the Company discontinued share repurchases under the stock repurchase program.

During 2015, the Company finalized agreements relating to the construction and development of office and studio
space in the Hudson Yards development on the west side of Manhattan in order to move its Corporate headquarters and New
York City-based employees to the new space. Based on construction cost estimates and space projections as of December 31,
2016, the Company expects to invest an additional $1.4 billion, excluding interest, in the Hudson Yards development project
through 2019.

Cash Flows

Cash and equivalents decreased by $616 million and $463 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,

respectively. Components of these changes are discussed below in more detail.

Operating Activities from Continuing Operations

Details of Cash provided by operations from continuing operations are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuela foreign currency loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net interest payments (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income taxes paid (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All other, net, including working capital changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided by operations from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

7,547
669
—
(1,250)
(799)
(1,484)
4,683

$

$

6,865
681
—
(1,227)
(997)
(1,471)
3,851

$

$

5,975
733
173
(1,224)
(1,494)
(482)
3,681

(a)
(b)

Includes interest income received of $141 million, $35 million and $50 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Includes income tax refunds received of $136 million, $142 million and $108 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and income tax sharing
payments to TWC of $4 million in 2015.

Cash provided by operations from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased primarily due
to higher Operating Income and lower net income taxes paid. Cash used by working capital increased slightly as higher
theatrical and home entertainment accounts receivable were largely offset by the timing of payments for content and
restructuring and severance and CME’s repayment of the Senior Secured Notes and the TW Term Loan of approximately
$280 million. Cash provided by operations from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 increased
primarily due to higher Operating Income and lower net income taxes paid due to the enactment of federal tax legislation,
partially offset by higher cash used by working capital. Cash used by working capital increased primarily due to higher
content investments and higher payments related to restructuring initiatives undertaken in 2014.

49

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Investing Activities from Continuing Operations

Details of Cash provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations are as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Investments in available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired:

Hulu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Hudson Yards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
iStreamPlanet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CME . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Eyeworks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from Time Inc. in the Time Separation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the sale of Time Warner Center . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other investment proceeds, including available-for-sale securities . . . . .
Cash provided (used) by investing activities from continuing

$

(9)

$

(41)

$

(590)
(293)
—
—
—
(345)
(432)
—
—
309

—
(304)
(148)
—
—
(220)
(423)
—
—
143

(30)

—
(102)
—
(396)
(267)
(185)
(474)
1,400
1,264
173

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

(1,360)

$

(993)

$

1,383

The change in Cash provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations for the year ended
December 31, 2016 was primarily due to the Company’s investment in Hulu. Other investment proceeds, including available-
for-sale securities for the year ended December 31, 2016 primarily related to CME’s repayment of the Senior Secured Notes
and the TW Term Loan. The change in Cash provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations for the year
ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to proceeds received in 2014 in connection with the Time Separation and from
the sale of space in Time Warner Center. The remaining change in Cash provided (used) by investing activities from
continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily due to the change in investment and acquisition
spending.

Financing Activities from Continuing Operations

Details of Cash used by financing activities from continuing operations are as follows (millions):

Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt repayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the exercise of stock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefit from equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on capital leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by financing activities from continuing operations . . . . . . .

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

3,830
(3,304)
172
88
(14)
(2,322)
(1,269)
(1,103)
(3,922)

$

$

3,768
(2,344)
165
151
(11)
(3,632)
(1,150)
(260)
(3,313)

$

$

2,409
(72)
338
179
(11)
(5,504)
(1,109)
(173)
(3,943)

Cash used by financing activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased,
reflecting increases in Debt repayments and cash used for other financing activities, partially offset by a decrease in

50

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Repurchases of common stock as a result of discontinuing share repurchases under the stock repurchase program when the
Company entered into the Merger Agreement. The increase in cash used for other financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2016 was due to premiums and costs paid in connection with the Debt Tender Offers of $968 million. Cash
used by financing activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 decreased primarily due to a
decrease in Repurchases of common stock and an increase in Borrowings, partially offset by an increase in Debt repayments.
During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued approximately 5 million shares of common stock and
received $165 million in connection with the exercise of stock options.

Cash Flows from Discontinued Operations

Cash flows from discontinued operations principally related to the Company’s former Time Inc. segment. Details of

Cash used by discontinued operations are as follows (millions):

Cash used by operations from discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by investing activities from discontinued operations . . . . . .
Cash used by financing activities from discontinued operations . . . . .
Effect of change in cash and equivalents of discontinued

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

(17)
—
—

—
(17)

$

$

(8)
—
—

—
(8)

$

$

(16)
(51)
(36)

(87)
(190)

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Outstanding Debt and Other Financing Arrangements

Outstanding Debt and Committed Financial Capacity

At December 31, 2016, Time Warner had total committed capacity, defined as maximum available borrowings under
various existing debt arrangements and cash and short-term investments, of $29.528 billion. Of this committed capacity,
$5.162 billion was unused and $24.339 billion was outstanding as debt. At December 31, 2016, total committed capacity,
outstanding letters of credit, outstanding debt and total unused committed capacity were as follows (millions):

Committed
Capacity (a)

Letters of
Credit (b)

Unamortized
Discount on
Commercial

Paper

Outstanding

Debt (c)

Unused

Committed
Capacity

Cash and equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revolving credit facilities and

commercial paper program (d) . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed-rate public debt
Other obligations (e)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

1,539

$

— $

— $

— $

5,000
22,715
274
29,528

$

—
—
26
26

$

1
—
—
1

$

1,394
22,715
230
24,339

$

1,539

3,605
—
18
5,162

(a)

(b)
(c)

(d)

(e)

The revolving credit facilities, commercial paper program and public debt of the Company rank pari passu with the senior debt of the respective
obligors thereon. The weighted average maturity of the Company’s outstanding debt and other financing arrangements was 11.4 years as of
December 31, 2016.
Represents the portion of committed capacity, including from bilateral letter of credit facilities, reserved for outstanding and undrawn letters of credit.
Represents principal amounts adjusted for premiums and discounts and $104 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. At December 31, 2016, the
principal amounts of the Company’s publicly issued debt mature as follows: $500 million in 2017, $600 million in 2018, $650 million in 2019,
$1.400 billion in 2020, $2.000 billion in 2021 and $17.767 billion thereafter. In the period after 2021, no more than $2.0 billion will mature in any
given year.
The revolving credit facilities consist of two $2.5 billion revolving credit facilities that mature in December 2021. The Company may issue unsecured
commercial paper notes up to the amount of the unused committed capacity under the revolving credit facilities. Unsecured commercial paper notes
issued by the Company typically mature in less than 90 days.
Unused committed capacity includes committed financings of subsidiaries under local bank credit agreements. Other debt obligations totaling $53
million are due within the next twelve months.

51

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Debt Offerings

On May 10, 2016, Time Warner issued $800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Notes due 2026 under a
shelf registration statement. On December 8, 2016, Time Warner issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.80%
Notes due 2027 under a shelf registration statement. The net proceeds to the Company from these debt offerings were $2.272
billion, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. All of the notes issued are guaranteed, on an unsecured
basis, by Historic TW Inc. (“Historic TW”). In addition, Turner and Home Box Office guarantee, on an unsecured basis,
Historic TW’s guarantee of the notes.

Debt Tender Offers

On December 14, 2016, Time Warner purchased through cash tender offers $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of
its outstanding debt from the following series: 7.700% Debentures due 2032, 7.625% Debentures due 2031, 6.500%
Debentures due 2036 and 6.625% Debentures due 2029, each of which continues to have amounts outstanding. The
premiums paid and costs incurred in connection with this purchase were $1.008 billion for the year ended December 31,
2016 and were recorded in Other loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Revolving Credit Facilities

On December 16, 2016, Time Warner amended its Revolving Credit Facilities, which consist of two $2.5 billion
revolving credit facilities, to extend the maturity dates of both facilities from December 18, 2020 to December 18, 2021 and
eliminate the swingline loan subfacility included in one of its facilities.

The funding commitments under the Revolving Credit Facilities are provided by a geographically diverse group of
18 major financial institutions based in countries including Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Spain, Switzerland, the United
Kingdom and the U.S. In addition, 17 of these financial institutions have been identified by international regulators as among
the 30 financial institutions that they deem to be systemically important. None of the financial institutions in the Revolving
Credit Facilities account for more than 8% of the aggregate undrawn loan commitments.

Commercial Paper Program

The Company has a commercial paper program, which was established on February 16, 2011 on a private placement
basis, under which Time Warner may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount not to
exceed the unused committed capacity under the Revolving Credit Facilities, which support the commercial paper program.
At December 31, 2016, the Company had $1.394 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which is supported by the
Revolving Credit Facilities.

Additional Information

The obligations of each of the borrowers under the Revolving Credit Facilities and the obligations of Time Warner
under the commercial paper program and the Company’s outstanding publicly issued debt are directly or indirectly
guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Historic TW, Home Box Office and Turner (other than $528 million of outstanding debt
publicly issued by Time Warner in 2006, which is not guaranteed by Home Box Office). See Note 9, “Long-Term Debt and
Other Financing Arrangements,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding
the Company’s outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, interest
rates, covenants, rating triggers and bank credit agreement leverage ratios relating to such debt and financing arrangements.

52

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Contractual and Other Obligations

Contractual Obligations

In addition to the financing arrangements discussed above, the Company has obligations under certain contractual
arrangements to make future payments for goods and services. These contractual obligations secure the future rights to
various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations. For example, the Company is contractually
committed to make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements. In accordance
with applicable accounting rules, the future rights and obligations pertaining to certain firm commitments, such as operating
lease obligations and certain purchase obligations under contracts, are not reflected as assets or liabilities in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The following table summarizes the Company’s aggregate contractual obligations at December 31, 2016, and the
estimated timing and effect that such obligations are expected to have on the Company’s liquidity and cash flows in future
periods (millions):

Contractual Obligations (a)

Purchase obligations:

Network programming obligations (b)
Creative talent and employment

Total

2017

2018-2019

2020-2021

Thereafter

. . . $

31,515 $

3,933 $

5,923 $

5,432 $

16,227

agreements (c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other purchase obligations (d) . . . . . . . . . .
Total purchase obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding debt obligations (Note 9) . . . . .
Interest (Note 9) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital lease obligations (Note 9) . . . . . . . . .
Operating lease obligations (Note 17) . . . . .
Total contractual obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . $

2,514
1,415
35,444
24,481
15,812
68
1,154
76,959 $

1,433
633
5,999
1,934
1,194
16
310

844
402
7,169
1,375
2,247
30
431

174
161
5,767
3,400
2,056
16
154

9,453 $

11,252 $

11,393 $

63
219
16,509
17,772
10,315
6
259
44,861

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

The table does not include the effects of arrangements that are contingent in nature such as guarantees and other contingent commitments (Note 17).
The table does not include the Company’s reserve for uncertain tax positions and related accrued interest and penalties, which at December 31, 2016
totaled $1.732 billion, as the specific timing of any cash payments relating to this obligation cannot be projected with reasonable certainty.
The references to Note 9 and Note 17 refer to the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The Turner segment enters into contracts to license sports programming to carry on its television networks. The amounts in the table include
minimum payment obligations to sports leagues and organizations (e.g., NCAA, NBA, MLB) to air the programming over the contract period.
Included in the table is $15.3 billion payable to the NCAA over the 16 years remaining on the agreement, which does not include amounts recoupable
from CBS, $10.0 billion payable to the NBA over the 8 years remaining on the agreements, and $1.6 billion payable to MLB over the 5 years
remaining on the agreement. The Turner and Home Box Office segments also enter into licensing agreements with production studios to acquire the
rights to air motion pictures and television series. The pricing structures in these contracts vary. Some agreements require a fixed amount per film or
television series and others are based on a percentage of the film’s box office receipts (with license fees generally capped at specified amounts), or a
combination of both. The amounts included in the table represent obligations for television series and films that had been released theatrically as of
December 31, 2016 and are calculated using the actual or estimated box office performance or fixed amounts, based on the applicable agreement.
The Company’s commitments under creative talent and employment agreements include obligations to executives, actors, producers, writers, and
other talent under contractual arrangements, including union contracts and contracts with other organizations that represent such creative talent.
Other purchase obligations principally include: (1) advertising, marketing, distribution and sponsorship obligations, including minimum guaranteed
royalty and marketing payments to vendors and content providers; (2) obligations related to the Company’s postretirement and unfunded defined
benefit pension plans; (3) obligations to purchase information technology licenses and services; (4) obligations related to payments to the NCAA for
Basketball Fan Festival rights at the Turner segment; (5) purchases of DVD and Blu-ray Discs pursuant to a duplication and replication agreement;
(6) obligations related to funding commitments for certain investees; and (7) obligations to purchase general and administrative items and services.

53

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

The Company’s material contractual obligations at December 31, 2016 include:

•

Purchase obligations — represents an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally
binding on the Company and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be
purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The
purchase obligation amounts do not represent all anticipated purchases, but represent only those purchases the
Company is contractually obligated to make. The Company also purchases products and services as needed, with
no firm commitment. For this reason, the amounts presented in the table alone do not provide a reliable indication
of all of the Company’s expected future cash outflows. For purposes of identifying and accumulating purchase
obligations, all material contracts meeting the definition of a purchase obligation have been included. For those
contracts involving a fixed or minimum quantity, but with variable pricing terms, the Company has estimated the
contractual obligation based on its best estimate of the pricing that will be in effect at the time the obligation is
incurred. Additionally, the Company has included only the obligations under the contracts as they existed at
December 31, 2016, and has not assumed that the contracts will be renewed or replaced at the end of their
respective terms. If a contract includes a penalty for non-renewal, the Company has included that penalty,
assuming it will be paid in the period after the contract expires. If Time Warner can unilaterally terminate an
agreement simply by providing a certain number of days notice or by paying a termination fee, the Company has
included the amount of the termination fee or the amount that would be paid over the “notice period.” Contracts
that can be unilaterally terminated without incurring a penalty have not been included. In addition, as of
December 31, 2016, the Company expects to invest an additional $1.4 billion, excluding interest, in costs related to
the construction of its new headquarters building at Hudson Yards through 2019. Because substantially all of this
amount is based on actual costs incurred for the Company’s portion of the project and there are neither fixed nor
minimum cost provisions in the project agreements, such projected spending amounts have not been included.

• Outstanding debt obligations — represents the principal amounts due on outstanding debt obligations as of
December 31, 2016. Amounts do not include any fair value adjustments, bond premiums, discounts, interest
payments or dividends.

•

Interest — represents amounts due based on the outstanding debt balances, interest rates and maturity schedules of
the respective instruments as of December 31, 2016. The amount of interest ultimately paid on these instruments
may differ based on changes in interest rates.

• Capital lease obligations — represents the minimum lease payments under noncancelable capital leases, primarily

for certain transponder leases at the Home Box Office and Turner segments.

• Operating lease obligations — represents the minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases,

primarily for the Company’s real estate and operating equipment.

Most of the Company’s other long-term liabilities reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet have
been included in Network programming obligations in the contractual obligations table above, the most significant of which
is an approximate $827 million liability for film licensing obligations. However, certain long-term liabilities and deferred
credits have been excluded from the table because there are no cash outflows associated with them (e.g., deferred revenue) or
because the cash outflows associated with them are uncertain or do not meet the definition of a purchase obligation
(e.g., deferred taxes and tax reserves, participations and royalties, deferred compensation and other miscellaneous items).

Contingent Commitments

The Company has certain contractual arrangements that require it to make payments or provide funding if certain
circumstances occur. See Note 17, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for further discussion.

54

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

Customer Credit Risk

Customer credit risk represents the potential for financial loss if a customer is unwilling or unable to meet its agreed
upon contractual payment obligations. Credit risk in the Company’s businesses originates from sales of various products or
services and is dispersed among many different counterparties. At December 31, 2016, no single customer had a receivable
balance greater than 8% of total Receivables. At December 31, 2016, the Company’s exposure to customer credit risk is
largely concentrated in the following categories (amounts presented below are net of reserves and allowances):

•

•

•

•

Various television network and SVOD operators for licensed TV and film product of approximately $4.9
billion, of which approximately $3.1 billion related to international television network and SVOD operators;

Various affiliates and digital distributors for the distribution of television programming and/or OTT services
of approximately $1.8 billion;

Various advertisers and advertising agencies related to advertising services of approximately $1.0 billion;
and

Various retailers for home entertainment product of approximately $0.7 billion.

For additional information regarding Time Warner’s accounting policies relating to customer credit risk, refer to
Note 1, “Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT

Market risk is the potential gain/loss arising from the impact of changes in market rates and prices, such as interest

rates, foreign currency exchange rates, or equity prices, on the value of financial instruments.

Interest Rate Risk

Time Warner has issued fixed-rate debt that at December 31, 2016 and 2015 had an outstanding balance of $22.715
billion and $23.572 billion, respectively, and an estimated fair value of $24.953 billion and $26.062 billion, respectively.
Based on Time Warner’s fixed-rate debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2016, a 25 basis point increase or decrease
in the level of interest rates would decrease or increase, respectively, the fair value of the fixed-rate debt by approximately
$510 million. Such potential increases or decreases are based on certain simplifying assumptions, including a constant level
of fixed-rate debt and an immediate, across-the-board increase or decrease in the level of interest rates with no other
subsequent changes for the remainder of the period.

At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a cash balance of $1.539 billion and $2.155 billion, respectively,
which is primarily invested in short-term variable-rate interest-earning assets. Based on Time Warner’s short-term variable-
rate interest-earning assets outstanding at December 31, 2016, a 25 basis point increase or decrease in the level of interest
rates would have an insignificant impact on pretax income.

Foreign Currency Risk

Time Warner principally uses foreign exchange contracts to hedge the risk related to unremitted or forecasted royalties
and license fees owed to Time Warner domestic companies for the sale or anticipated sale of U.S. copyrighted products
abroad because such amounts may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Similarly, the
Company enters into foreign exchange contracts to hedge certain film production costs denominated in foreign currencies as
well as other transactions, assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. As part of its overall strategy to manage

55

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

the level of exposure to the risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, Time Warner generally hedges a portion of its
foreign currency exposures anticipated over a rolling twelve-month period. The hedging period for royalties and license fees
generally covers revenues expected to be recognized during the calendar year; however, there is often a lag between the time
that revenue is recognized and the transfer of foreign-denominated cash to U.S. dollars. To hedge this exposure,
Time Warner uses foreign exchange contracts that generally have maturities of three months to eighteen months and provide
continuing coverage throughout the hedging period. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, Time Warner had contracts for the sale
and the purchase of foreign currencies at fixed rates as summarized below by currency (millions):

December 31, 2016

December 31, 2015

Sales

Purchases

Sales

Purchases

British pound . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Euro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Canadian dollar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Australian dollar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

1,512
1,165
1,362
552
887
5,478

$

$

1,356
648
810
339
335
3,488

$

$

1,246
721
939
394
556
3,856

$

$

1,248
524
475
238
275
2,760

Based on the foreign exchange contracts outstanding at December 31, 2016, a 10% devaluation of the U.S. dollar as
compared to the level of foreign exchange rates for currencies under contract at December 31, 2016 would result in a
decrease of approximately $199 million in the value of such contracts. Conversely, a 10% appreciation of the U.S. dollar
would result in an increase of approximately $199 million in the value of such contracts. For a hedge of forecasted royalty or
license fees denominated in a foreign currency, consistent with the nature of the economic hedge provided by such foreign
exchange contracts, unrealized gains or losses largely would be offset by corresponding decreases or increases, respectively,
in the dollar value of future foreign currency royalty and license fee payments. See Note 8, “Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities,” to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information.

On July 28, 2015, Time Warner issued €700 million aggregate principal amount of 1.95% Notes due 2023. At
December 31, 2016, the carrying amount of the Company’s €700 million aggregate principal amount of debt is designated as
a hedge of the variability in the Company’s Euro-denominated net investments. The gain or loss on the debt that is
designated as, and is effective as, an economic hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation is recorded as a currency
translation adjustment within Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet.
For the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, such amounts totaled $39 million of gains and $1 million of gains,
respectively.

Equity Risk

The Company is exposed to market risk as it relates to changes in the market value of its investments. The Company
invests in equity instruments of public and private companies for operational and strategic business purposes. These
securities are subject to significant fluctuations in fair market value due to the volatility of the stock markets and the
industries in which the companies operate. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, these securities, which are classified in
Investments, including available-for-sale securities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet, included $2.347 billion
and $1.363 billion, respectively, of investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting, $217 million and $160
million, respectively, of cost-method investments, $560 million and $562 million, respectively, of investments related to the
Company’s deferred compensation program, $54 million and $85 million, respectively, of investments in available-for-sale
securities and $159 million and $179 million, respectively, of investments in warrants to purchase common stock of CME.

The potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse change in the prices of the Company’s equity-method
investments, cost-method investments, available-for-sale securities and investments in warrants would be approximately
$280 million. The potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse change in the prices of certain of the Company’s

56

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

deferred compensation investments accounted for as trading securities would be approximately $20 million. While
Time Warner has recognized all declines that are believed to be other-than-temporary, it is reasonably possible that
individual investments in the Company’s portfolio may experience an other-than-temporary decline in value in the future if
the underlying investee company experiences poor operating results or the U.S. or certain foreign equity markets experience
declines in value.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires
management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of
management in its application. The development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by
the management of Time Warner, and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the Audit and Finance Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company considers policies relating to the following matters to be critical
accounting policies:

•

•

•

•

•

•

Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets;

Film and Television Production Cost Recognition, Participations and Residuals and Impairments;

Licensed Programming Inventory Cost Recognition and Impairment;

Gross versus Net Revenue Recognition;

Sales Returns and Pricing Rebates; and

Income Taxes.

For a discussion of each of the Company’s critical accounting policies, including information and analysis of estimates
and assumptions involved in their application, and other significant accounting policies, see Note 1, “Description of
Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.

CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-
looking statements often include words such as “anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,”
“believes” and words and terms of similar substance in connection with discussions of future operating or financial
performance. Examples of the forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to, the statements
regarding (i) expected further modest declines in the number of subscribers to multichannel video services provided by
traditional affiliates in the U.S.; (ii) the expected timing of the completion of the AT&T merger; (iii) the Company’s
expectations regarding the impact of the AT&T merger on the Company’s efforts to spur innovation in the media industry
and improve the consumer experience and its impact on the Company’s strategy; and (iv) the expected higher growth rate for
programming costs at the Turner segment during the first half of 2017.

The Company’s forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions
regarding the Company’s business and performance, the economy and other future conditions and forecasts of future events,
circumstances and results. As with any projection or forecast, forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible to

57

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

uncertainty and changes in circumstances. The Company’s actual results may vary materially from those expressed or
implied in its forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ
materially from those in its forward-looking statements include government regulation, economic, strategic, political and
social conditions and the following factors:

•

•

•
•
•
•

•

•
•
•

•
•
•

•
•
•

•

•

•
•

•

•
•

•
•

•
•

the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger
Agreement;
the risk that the necessary regulatory approvals for the proposed merger may not be obtained or may be obtained
subject to conditions that are not anticipated;
risks that any of the closing conditions to the merger may not be satisfied in a timely manner;
risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the merger;
failure to realize the benefits expected from the merger;
the effect of the announcement of the merger on the ability of Time Warner to retain customers and retain and hire
key personnel;
the effect of the announcement of the merger on the ability of Time Warner to maintain relationships with its
suppliers;
the effect of the announcement of the merger on Time Warner’s operating results and businesses generally;
any litigation in connection with the merger;
recent and future changes in technology, services and standards, including alternative methods for the delivery,
storage and consumption of digital media and evolving home entertainment formats;
changes in consumer behavior, including changes in spending behavior and viewing patterns;
changes in the Company’s plans, initiatives and strategies, and consumer acceptance thereof;
changes in the plans, initiatives and strategies of the third parties that distribute, license and/or sell Time Warner’s
content;
the popularity of the Company’s content;
the Company’s ability to enter into or renew affiliate agreements on favorable terms;
competitive pressures, including as a result of audience fragmentation and changes in technology and consumer
viewing patterns;
changes in advertising market conditions or advertising expenditures due to various factors, including decreasing
numbers of subscribers to multichannel video services provided by traditional affiliates, changes in consumer viewing
patterns, economic conditions, pressure from public interest groups, changes in laws and regulations and other
societal or political developments;
the Company’s ability to deal effectively with economic slowdowns or other economic or market difficulties,
including impacts on the economies of the United Kingdom and European Economic Area resulting from the United
Kingdom’s vote to exit the European Union (“Brexit”);
changes in foreign exchange rates, including as a result of Brexit;
increased volatility or decreased liquidity in the capital markets, including any limitation on the Company’s ability to
access the capital markets for debt securities, refinance its outstanding indebtedness or obtain bank financings on
acceptable terms;
piracy and the Company’s ability to exploit and protect its intellectual property rights in and to its content and other
products;
the effects of any other significant acquisitions, dispositions and other similar transactions by the Company;
a disruption or failure of the Company’s or its vendors’ network and information systems or other technology relied
on by the Company;
the failure to meet earnings expectations;
lower than expected valuations associated with the cash flows and revenues at Time Warner’s reporting units, which
could result in Time Warner’s inability to realize the value recorded for intangible assets and goodwill at those
reporting units;
the adequacy of the Company’s risk management framework;
changes in U.S. GAAP or other applicable accounting standards and policies;

58

TIME WARNER INC.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION - (Continued)

•
•
•
•
•

changes in tax, federal communication and other laws and regulations;
currency exchange restrictions and currency devaluation risks in some foreign countries;
the effect of union or labor disputes or professional sports league player lockouts;
the impact of terrorist acts, hostilities, natural disasters (including extreme weather) and pandemic viruses; and
the other risks and uncertainties detailed in “Risk Factors” in this 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders.

Any forward-looking statement made by the Company in this 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders speaks only as of
the date on which it is made. The Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or
alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise.

59

TIME WARNER INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

(millions, except share amounts)

ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receivables, less allowances of $981 and $1,055 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent inventories and theatrical film and television production costs . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments, including available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Property, plant and equipment, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets subject to amortization, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intangible assets not subject to amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Goodwill
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt due within one year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total current liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred revenue . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Redeemable noncontrolling interest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 17)
Equity
Common stock, $0.01 par value, 1.652 billion and 1.652 billion shares issued and

772 million and 795 million shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additional paid-in capital
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Treasury stock, at cost (880 million and 857 million shares) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated deficit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total Time Warner Inc. shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total liabilities and equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

See accompanying notes.

December 31,

2016

2015

1,539
8,699
2,062
1,185
13,485
7,916
3,337
2,510
783
7,005
27,752
3,178
65,966

7,192
564
1,947
9,703
22,392
2,678
486
6,341
29

17
146,780
(47,497)
(1,510)
(73,455)
24,335
2
24,337
65,966

$

$

$

$

2,155
7,411
1,753
1,194
12,513
7,600
2,617
2,596
949
7,029
27,689
2,855
63,848

7,188
616
198
8,002
23,594
2,454
352
5,798
29

17
148,041
(45,612)
(1,446)
(77,381)
23,619
—
23,619
63,848

60

TIME WARNER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

Year Ended December 31,

(millions, except per share amounts)

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Restructuring and severance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other loss, net
Income from continuing operations before income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax provision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to Time Warner Inc. shareholders . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts attributable to Time Warner Inc. shareholders:
Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Per share information attributable to Time Warner Inc. common

shareholders:

Basic income per common share from continuing operations . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Basic net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Average basic common shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted income per common share from continuing operations . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Average diluted common shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Cash dividends declared per share of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

See accompanying notes.

2016

2015

2014

29,318
(16,376)
(5,123)
(190)
(117)
(43)
78
7,547
(1,161)
(1,191)
5,195
(1,281)
3,914
11
3,925
1
3,926

3,915
11
3,926

5.00
0.01
5.01

780.8

4.94
0.02
4.96

792.3

1.61

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

28,118
(16,154)
(4,824)
(189)
(60)
(25)
(1)
6,865
(1,163)
(256)
5,446
(1,651)
3,795
37
3,832
1
3,833

3,796
37
3,833

4.64
0.05
4.69

814.9

4.58
0.04
4.62

829.5

1.40

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

27,359
(15,875)
(5,190)
(202)
(512)
(69)
464
5,975
(1,169)
(127)
4,679
(785)
3,894
(67)
3,827
—
3,827

3,894
(67)
3,827

4.49
(0.07)
4.42

863.3

4.41
(0.07)
4.34

882.6

1.27

61

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

TIME WARNER INC.

Year Ended December 31,

(millions)

Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:

$

Foreign currency translation:

Unrealized losses occurring during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income . . . . .
Change in foreign currency translation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Securities:

Unrealized gains (losses) occurring during the period . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income . . . . . .
Change in securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefit obligations:

Unrealized losses occurring during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income . . . . .
Change in benefit obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Derivative financial instruments:

Unrealized gains occurring during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net income . . . . . .
Change in derivative financial instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Comprehensive income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests . . . . . .
Comprehensive income attributable to Time Warner Inc.

2016

2015

2014

3,925

$

3,832

$

3,827

(121)
—
(121)

—
—
—

(21)
67
46

58
(47)
11
(64)
3,861
1

(289)
5
(284)

1
—
1

(26)
22
(4)

88
(83)
5
(282)
3,550
1

(228)
—
(228)

(4)
(10)
(14)

(187)
19
(168)

8
(14)
(6)
(416)
3,411
—

shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

3,862

$

3,551

$

3,411

See accompanying notes.

62

TIME WARNER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December 31,

(millions)

2016

2015

2014

OPERATIONS
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjustments for noncash and nonoperating items:

$

Depreciation and amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of film and television costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
(Gain) loss on investments and other assets, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity in losses of investee companies, net of cash distributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity-based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:

Receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventories and film costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable and other liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided by operations from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Investments in available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from Time Inc. in the Time Separation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from the sale of Time Warner Center . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other investment proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided (used) by investing activities from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . .
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt repayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Proceeds from exercise of stock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Excess tax benefit from equity instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Principal payments on capital leases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Repurchases of common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dividends paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other financing activities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by financing activities from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided (used) by continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by operations from discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by investing activities from discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by financing activities from discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effect of change in cash and equivalents of discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash used by discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Effect of Venezuelan exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . .
INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

See accompanying notes.

$

63

3,925
(11)
3,914

669
8,324
43
—
(131)
324
277
236
1,008

(1,201)
(8,774)
631
(637)
4,683

(9)
(1,228)
(432)
—
—
309
(1,360)

3,830
(3,304)
172
88
(14)
(2,322)
(1,269)
(1,103)
(3,922)
(599)
(17)
—
—
—
(17)
—
(616)
2,155
1,539

$

$

3,832
(37)
3,795

681
8,030
25
—
31
161
182
328
72

(112)
(8,526)
(200)
(616)
3,851

(41)
(672)
(423)
—
—
143
(993)

3,768
(2,344)
165
151
(11)
(3,632)
(1,150)
(260)
(3,313)
(455)
(8)
—
—
—
(8)
—
(463)
2,618
2,155

$

$

3,827
67
3,894

733
8,040
69
173
(493)
232
219
166
—

(403)
(7,789)
592
(1,752)
3,681

(30)
(950)
(474)
1,400
1,264
173
1,383

2,409
(72)
338
179
(11)
(5,504)
(1,109)
(173)
(3,943)
1,121
(16)
(51)
(36)
(87)
(190)
(129)
802
1,816
2,618

TIME WARNER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY

(millions)

Time Warner Shareholders’

Common

Stock

Additional

Paid-In
Capital

Retained
Earnings

Treasury

(Accumulated

Stock

Deficit) (a)

Total

Noncontrolling

Interests

Total
Equity

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2013 . . $
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income attributable to
Continuing Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive income attributable to
Discontinued Operations . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts related to the Time Separation . . .
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts related primarily to stock options

and restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

17 $
—

—

—
—
—
—

—

153,410 $

(37,630) $

(85,893) $

—

—

—
(2,918)
(1,109)
—

(101)

—

—

—
—
—
(5,500)

685

3,827

(438)

22
104
—
—

—

29,904 $
3,827

— $
—

29,904
3,827

(438)

22
(2,814)
(1,109)
(5,500)

584

—

—
—
—
—

—

(438)

22
(2,814)
(1,109)
(5,500)

584

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2014 . . $

17 $

149,282 $

(42,445) $

(82,378) $

24,476 $

— $

24,476

Net income (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts related primarily to stock options

and restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
—
—
—

—

—
—
(1,150)
—

—
—
—
(3,600)

(91)

433

3,833
(282)
—
—

—

3,833
(282)
(1,150)
(3,600)

342

—
—
—
—

—

3,833
(282)
(1,150)
(3,600)

342

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2015 . . $

17 $

148,041 $

(45,612) $

(78,827) $

23,619 $

— $

23,619

Net income (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividends . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock repurchases . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncontrolling interests of acquired

businesses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amounts related primarily to stock options

and restricted stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

—
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
(1,269)
—

—

8

—
—
—
(2,307)

—

422

3,926
(64)
—
—

—

—

3,926
(64)
(1,269)
(2,307)

—

430

1
—
—
—

1

—

3,927
(64)
(1,269)
(2,307)

1

430

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2016 . . $

17 $

146,780 $

(47,497) $

(74,965) $

24,335 $

2 $

24,337

(a)
(b)

Includes Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net.
Excludes losses of $2 million and $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, relating to a Redeemable
noncontrolling interest classified as a liability outside of shareholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

See accompanying notes.

64

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

TIME WARNER INC.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT

1.
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Description of Business

Time Warner Inc. (“Time Warner” or the “Company”) is a leading media and entertainment company, whose
businesses include television networks, and film and TV entertainment. Time Warner classifies its operations into three
reportable segments: Turner: consisting principally of cable networks and digital media properties; Home Box Office:
consisting principally of premium pay television services and a service that delivers video content to consumers over the
internet (“OTT service”) domestically and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally; and Warner
Bros.: consisting principally of television, feature film, home video and videogame production and distribution.

Basis of Presentation

Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include all the assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash flows of entities in
which Time Warner has a controlling interest (“subsidiaries”). Intercompany accounts and transactions between consolidated
entities have been eliminated in consolidation.

Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year financial information to conform to the December 31, 2016

presentation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S.
GAAP”) requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

impairments, multiple-element

Significant estimates and judgments inherent in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements include
accounting for asset
transactions, allowances for doubtful accounts, depreciation and
amortization, the determination of ultimate revenues as it relates to amortization or impairment of capitalized film and
programming costs and participations and residuals, home video and videogame product returns, business combinations,
pension and other postretirement benefits, equity-based compensation, income taxes, contingencies, litigation matters,
reporting revenue for certain transactions on a gross versus net basis, and the determination of whether the Company should
consolidate certain entities.

Venezuela Currency

Certain of the Company’s divisions conduct business with third parties located in Venezuela and, as a result, the
Company holds net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan Bolivares Fuertes (“VEF”) that primarily consist of cash
and accounts receivable. Because of Venezuelan government-imposed restrictions on the exchange of VEF into foreign
currency in Venezuela, the Company has not been able to convert VEF earned in Venezuela into U.S. Dollars through the
Venezuelan government’s foreign currency exchange systems. As of December 31, 2014, there were three legal foreign
currency exchange systems administered by the Venezuelan government, each with a different exchange rate: (i) the fixed
official government rate as published by the Central Bank of Venezuela, (ii) the variable, auction-based SICAD 1 rate, and
(iii) the variable, transaction-based SICAD 2 rate.

Prior to December 31, 2014, the Company used the official government exchange rate to remeasure its VEF-
denominated transactions and balances. During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company considered information about the

65

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

companies that were able to access the three exchange systems during 2014 and the fact that the SICAD 1 and SICAD 2
exchanges continued to operate, as well as the state of the Venezuelan economy, which had entered a recession. Based on
these factors, as of December 31, 2014, the Company concluded that the SICAD 2 exchange rate was the most appropriate
legal exchange rate for the Company’s business activities conducted in VEF. Accordingly, beginning on December 31,
2014, the Company began using the SICAD 2 rate to remeasure its VEF-denominated transactions and balances and, for the
three months and year ended December 31, 2014, recognized a pretax foreign exchange loss of $173 million in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations.

On February 10, 2015, Venezuelan government officials announced changes to Venezuela’s foreign currency exchange
system. Those changes included the elimination of the SICAD 2 exchange due to the merger of the SICAD 1 and SICAD 2
exchanges into a single SICAD exchange as well as the creation of the Simadi exchange, which is a free market foreign
currency exchange. On their initial date of activity, the exchange rates published by the Central Bank of Venezuela were 12
VEF to each U.S. Dollar for the SICAD exchange and 170 VEF to each U.S. Dollar for the Simadi exchange. Given the
restrictions associated with the official government rate and the SICAD exchange, starting on February 10, 2015, the
Company began to use the Simadi exchange rate to remeasure its VEF-denominated transactions and balances and
recognized a pretax foreign exchange loss of $22 million in the Consolidated Statement of Operations during the quarter
ended March 31, 2015. Approximately $15 million of such loss related to cash balances.

Accounting Guidance Adopted in 2016

Equity Method of Accounting

In March 2016, guidance was issued that changes the requirements for equity method accounting when an investment
qualifies for use of the equity method. The guidance (i) eliminates the need to retroactively apply the equity method of
accounting upon qualifying for such treatment, (ii) requires that the cost of acquiring an additional interest in an investee be
added to the basis of the previously held interest and (iii) requires that unrealized holding gains or losses for available-for-
sale equity securities that qualify for the equity method of accounting be recognized in earnings at the date the investment
becomes qualified for use of the equity method of accounting. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016 on a
prospective basis and it did not impact the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted

Simplifying the Accounting for Goodwill Impairment

In January 2017, guidance was issued to simplify the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes the
second step of the goodwill impairment test, which requires that a hypothetical purchase price allocation be performed to
determine the amount of impairment, if any. Under this new guidance, a goodwill impairment charge will be based on the
amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The
guidance will become effective on a prospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2020 and is not expected to have a
material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Definition of a Business

In January 2017, guidance was issued that changes the definition of a business for accounting purposes. Under the new
guidance, an entity first determines whether substantially all of the fair value of a set of assets acquired is concentrated in a
single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the set of assets is not deemed to be a
business. If the threshold is not met, the entity then evaluates whether the set of assets meets the requirement to be deemed a
business, which at a minimum, requires there to be an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to
the ability to create outputs. The guidance will become effective on a prospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2018
and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

66

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Restricted Cash

In November 2016, guidance was issued that requires that a statement of cash flows present the change during the
period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents.
Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and
cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total cash amounts shown on the statement of
cash flows. The guidance will become effective on a retrospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2018 and is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory

In October 2016, guidance was issued that requires entities to recognize the income tax consequences of an
intercompany transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than deferring the income tax
consequences of the intercompany transfer of assets until the asset has been sold to a third party. The guidance will become
effective on a modified retrospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments

In August 2016, guidance was issued that clarifies the presentation of certain cash receipts and payments in a
company’s statement of cash flows. The guidance primarily relates to the classification of cash flows associated with certain
(i) debt transactions, (ii) contingent consideration arrangements related to business combinations, (iii) insurance claims and
policies, (iv) distributions received from equity method investees and (v) securitization transactions. The guidance will
become effective on a retrospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Share-Based Payments

In March 2016, guidance was issued that changes the reporting for certain aspects of share-based payments. One aspect
of the guidance, which became effective on a prospective basis on January 1, 2017, requires that the income tax effects of
share-based awards be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. Under the previous guidance,
excess tax benefits and deficiencies were recognized in Additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the amount of excess tax benefits, net of deficiencies, recognized in Additional
paid-in capital was $82 million and $150 million, respectively. In addition, because excess tax benefits are no longer
recognized in Additional paid-in capital, such amounts are no longer included in the determination of assumed proceeds in
applying the treasury stock method when computing earnings per share. Another aspect of the new guidance, which the
Company adopted on a prospective basis on January 1, 2017, requires that excess tax benefits be classified as a cash flow
from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Under the previous guidance, excess tax benefits
were classified as a cash flow from financing activities. Excess tax benefits presented as a cash flow from financing activities
were $88 million, $151 million, and $179 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The
other aspects of this new guidance are not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.

Accounting for Leases

In February 2016, guidance was issued regarding accounting for leases. The main difference between the current
guidance and the new guidance is the recognition by the lessee of lease assets and liabilities for those leases it classified as
operating leases under the current guidance. Under the new guidance, the recognition, measurement and presentation of
expenses and cash flows arising from a lease as well as the lessor accounting model have not significantly changed from
current guidance. This guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures of key information about leasing
arrangements. The new guidance will become effective on a modified retrospective basis for the Company on January 1,

67

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

2019. The Company is still evaluating the impact of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. Because the
Company is a party to more than 2,000 operating leases with future minimum rental commitments of $1.154 billion, it
expects that the impact of recognizing lease assets and liabilities for these operating leases will be significant to the
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities

In January 2016, guidance was issued that makes limited changes to the accounting for financial instruments. The
changes primarily relate to (i) the requirement to measure equity investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, other than those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting, at fair value, with changes in the fair value recognized in earnings,
(ii) an alternative approach for the measurement of equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value,
(iii) the elimination of the other-than-temporary impairment model and its replacement with a requirement to perform a
qualitative assessment to identify the impairment of equity investments, and a requirement to recognize impairment losses in
earnings based on the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the equity investment, (iv) the elimination
of the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial
instruments measured at amortized cost, (v) the addition of a requirement to use the exit price concept when measuring the
fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes and (vi) the addition of a requirement to present financial assets
and financial liabilities separately in the notes to the financial statements, grouped by measurement category (e.g., fair value,
amortized cost, lower of cost or market) and by form of financial asset (e.g., loans, securities). This guidance will become
effective for the Company on January 1, 2018. The Company does not expect the new guidance to have a material impact on
its consolidated financial statements.

Revenue Recognition

In May 2014, guidance was issued that establishes a new revenue recognition framework in GAAP for all companies
and industries. The core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue from the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive for those
goods or services. The guidance includes a five-step framework to determine the timing and amount of revenue to recognize
related to contracts with customers. In addition, this guidance requires new or expanded disclosures related to the judgments
made by companies when following this framework. Based on the current guidance, the new framework will become
effective on either a full or modified retrospective basis for the Company on January 1, 2018.

Subsequent to the issuance of the May 2014 guidance, several clarifications and updates have been issued by the FASB
on this topic, the most recent of which was issued in December 2016. Many of these clarifications and updates to the
guidance, as well as a number of interpretive issues, apply to companies in the media and entertainment industry.

The Company has made significant progress toward completing its assessment of the impact of adopting this new
guidance, and the Company is finalizing its implementation plan. The Company currently does not believe that the adoption
of the new guidance will have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements, principally because the Company
does not expect significant changes in the way it will record subscription revenue, advertising revenue, and a significant
portion of its content revenue. However, it is possible that the Company’s evaluation of the expected impact of the new
guidance on certain transactions could change if there are additional interpretations of the new revenue guidance that are
different from the Company’s preliminary conclusions. Although the Company currently does not expect the impact of
adopting the new guidance to be material, there are several areas where the Company’s revenue recognition is expected to
change as compared with historical GAAP. The more significant of these areas are as follows:

i.

Renewals of Licenses of Intellectual Property — Under guidance currently in effect, when the term of an
existing license agreement is extended, without any other changes to the provisions of the license, revenue
for the renewal period is recognized on the date the renewal is agreed to contractually. Under the new
guidance, revenue for the renewed license term will not be recognized until the date the renewal term begins.
This change will result in delayed revenue recognition as compared with current revenue recognition

68

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

ii.

iii.

guidance. The Company expects that this change will primarily impact the Warner Bros. segment, but it will
also, to a lesser degree, impact the Home Box Office and Turner segments.

License of Content Library — Under guidance currently in effect, when a company licenses a completed
library of content and agrees to refresh the library with new content as it becomes available, and the licensee
is not entitled to a refund if no further library titles are delivered, revenue is recognized once access to the
library is granted to the licensee. Under the new guidance, because there is an implicit obligation for the
company to refresh the library with additional content in the future, the company will need to estimate the
additional content it will deliver in the future and allocate a portion of the transaction price to that content.
As compared with current guidance, this results in a deferral of a portion of the transaction price until
delivery of future library content. The Company expects this change will primarily impact the Home Box
Office segment.

Licenses of Symbolic Intellectual Property — Certain intellectual property, such as brands, tradenames and
logos, is categorized in the new guidance as symbolic. An assumption inherent in the new guidance is that a
licensee’s ability to derive benefit from a license of symbolic intellectual property depends on the licensor
continuing to support or maintain the intellectual property throughout the license term. Accordingly, under
the new guidance, revenue from licenses of symbolic intellectual property is recognized over the
corresponding license term. In certain arrangements where the Company has no remaining performance
obligations, under the guidance currently in effect, revenue from licenses of symbolic intellectual property is
recognized at the inception of the license term. Therefore, the new guidance will result in a deferral of
revenue recognition as compared to current guidance. This change will primarily impact the Warner Bros.
segment.

The evaluation of the impact of the new guidance on certain other transactions is still in process; however, the
Company does not expect the completion of that evaluation to impact the Company’s conclusion that the adoption will not
have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

The Company currently expects to adopt the standard in 2018 using the modified retrospective method of adoption.
However, the transition method ultimately selected could be affected by the Company’s pending merger with AT&T Inc.
(“AT&T”) if the merger closes prior to the adoption of the new guidance. For more information regarding the AT&T merger,
see Note 2.

Summary of Critical and Significant Accounting Policies

The following is a discussion of each of the Company’s critical accounting policies, including information and analysis

of estimates and assumptions involved in their application, and other significant accounting policies.

The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to the
Company’s financial condition and results of operations and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of
management in its application. The development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by
Time Warner’s management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the Audit and Finance Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company. Due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain of the assumptions used in
these areas, it is possible that different parties could choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. The
Company considers the policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:

•

•

•

Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets (see pages 73 to 74);

Film and Television Production Cost Recognition, Participations and Residuals and Impairments (see pages
77 to 78);

Licensed Programming Inventory Cost Recognition and Impairment (see pages 78 to 79);

69

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

•

•

•

Gross versus Net Revenue Recognition (see page 77);

Sales Returns and Pricing Rebates (see page 77); and

Income Taxes (see page 81).

Cash and Equivalents

Cash equivalents consist of investments that are readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of three
months or less. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company monitors concentrations of
credit risk with respect to Cash and equivalents by placing such balances with higher quality financial institutions or
investing such amounts in liquid, short-term, highly-rated instruments or investment funds holding similar instruments. As of
December 31, 2016, the majority of the Company’s Cash and equivalents were invested with banks with a credit rating of at
least A and in Rule 2a-7 money market mutual funds. At December 31, 2016, the Company did not have more than
$500 million invested in any single bank or money market mutual fund.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The Company monitors customer credit risk related to accounts receivable, including unbilled trade receivables
primarily related to the distribution of television product. Significant judgments and estimates are involved in evaluating if
such amounts will ultimately be fully collected. Each of the Company’s businesses maintains a comprehensive approval
process prior to issuing credit to third-party customers. Counterparties that are determined to be of a higher risk are evaluated
to assess whether the credit terms previously granted to them should be modified. The Company monitors customers’
accounts receivable aging, and a provision for estimated uncollectible amounts is maintained based on customer payment
levels, historical experience and management’s views on trends in the overall receivable agings. In addition, for larger
accounts, the Company performs analyses of risks on a customer-specific basis. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, total
reserves for doubtful accounts were approximately $193 million and $180 million, respectively. For the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $38 million and $63 million of bad debt expense, respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized $20 million of income related to bad debt primarily due to the
reversal of a reserve related to a Warner Bros. receivable.

Consolidation

Time Warner consolidates all entities in which it has a controlling voting interest and all variable interest entities
(“VIEs”) in which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. Entities determined to be VIEs primarily consist of
HBO Latin America Group (“HBO LAG”) and Hudson Yards North Tower Holdings LLC (“HYNTH”), the limited liability
company involved in the construction and development of the Company’s new headquarters building at Hudson Yards.

HBO LAG is a VIE because the Company’s ownership interest (88%) and voting rights (50%) in this entity are
disproportionate. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE because voting control is
shared equally with the other investor and therefore the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most
significantly impact the entity’s economic performance. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company’s
aggregate investment in HBO LAG was $535 million and $558 million, respectively. The investment in HBO LAG is
intended to enable the Company to more broadly leverage its programming and digital strategy in the territories served and to
capitalize on growing opportunities in such territories. The Company provides programming as well as certain services,
including distribution, licensing and technological and administrative support, to HBO LAG. HBO LAG is financed through
cash flows from its operations, and the Company is not obligated to provide HBO LAG with any additional financial support.
In addition, the assets of HBO LAG are not available to settle the Company’s obligations.

During 2015, the Company finalized agreements related to the construction and development of office and studio space
in the Hudson Yards development on the west side of Manhattan in order to move its Corporate headquarters and New York

70

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

City-based employees to the new space. The Company will fund its proportionate share of the costs for the construction and
development through HYNTH, a limited liability company that is controlled by the developer of the Hudson Yards
development project and managed by an affiliate of the developer. HYNTH is a VIE because the equity investment at risk is
not sufficient to permit HYNTH to carry on its activities without additional subordinated financial support. The Company is
not the primary beneficiary of HYNTH because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly
impact the entity’s economic performance. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s investment in HYNTH,
which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting, was approximately $729 million and $438 million,
respectively. Based on construction cost estimates and space projections as of December 31, 2016, the Company expects to
invest an additional $1.4 billion, excluding interest, in the Hudson Yards development project through 2019.

Investments

Investments in common stock in companies in which Time Warner has significant influence, but less than a controlling
voting interest, are accounted for using the equity method. Significant influence is generally presumed to exist when
Time Warner owns between 20% and 50% of the voting interests in the investee, holds substantial management rights or
holds an interest of less than 20% in an investee that is a limited liability partnership or limited liability corporation that is
treated as a flow-through entity.

Under the equity method of accounting, only Time Warner’s investment in and amounts due to and from the equity
investee are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet; only Time Warner’s share of the investee’s earnings (losses) is
included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations; and only the dividends, cash distributions, loans or other cash received
from the investee, additional cash investments, loan repayments or other cash paid to the investee are included in the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. If previous equity method losses have reduced the carrying value of the Company’s
equity method investment to zero, the Company continues to record its share of equity method losses to the extent it has
(i) other investments in the investee, (ii) guaranteed obligations of the investee or (iii) committed to provide further financial
support for the investee.

Investments in companies in which Time Warner does not have a controlling voting interest or over which it is unable
to exert significant influence are generally accounted for at fair value if the investments are publicly traded. If the investment
or security is not publicly traded, the investment is accounted for at cost. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
accounted for at fair value are reported, net of tax, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net. Dividends and other
distributions of earnings from investments in companies in which Time Warner does not have a controlling voting interest or
over which it is unable to exert significant influence are included in Other loss, net, when declared. For more information,
see Notes 4 and 5.

The company regularly reviews its investments for impairment. See “Asset Impairments” below for additional

information.

Foreign Currency Translation

Financial statements of subsidiaries operating outside the United States whose functional currency is not

the
U.S. Dollar are translated at the rates of exchange on the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and at average rates of
exchange for revenues and expenses during the period. Translation gains or losses on assets and liabilities are included as a
component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net.

Derivative Instruments

The Company uses derivative instruments principally to manage the risk associated with movements in foreign
currency exchange rates, and recognizes all derivative instruments on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value. Changes
in fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting will either be offset against the change in fair value
of the hedged assets or liabilities through earnings or recognized in shareholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated

71

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

other comprehensive loss, net, until the hedged item is recognized in earnings, depending on whether the derivative
instrument is being used to hedge changes in fair value or cash flows. For qualifying hedge relationships, the Company
excludes the impact of forward points or option premiums from its assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes changes
in the fair value of a derivative instrument due to forward points or option premiums in Other income (loss), net each quarter.
The ineffective portion of a derivative instrument’s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings. For those
derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognized immediately in earnings.
See Note 8 for additional information regarding derivative instruments held by the Company and risk management strategies.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Additions to property, plant and equipment generally include material,
labor and overhead. Time Warner also capitalizes certain costs associated with coding, software configuration, upgrades and
enhancements incurred for the development of internal use software. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over
estimated useful
life of the
improvement or the term of the applicable lease. Time Warner periodically evaluates the depreciation periods of property,
plant and equipment to determine whether a revision to its estimates of useful lives is warranted. Property, plant and
equipment, including capital leases, consist of (millions):

lives. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful

Land (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Buildings and improvements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Capitalized software costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Furniture, fixtures and other equipment (b)

Accumulated depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

December 31,

2016

2015

268
1,641
2,029
3,017
6,955
(4,445)
2,510

$

$

273
1,619
1,958
3,069
6,919
(4,323)
2,596

$

$

Estimated
Useful Lives

n/a
7 to 30 years
3 to 7 years
3 to 10 years

(a)
(b)

Land is not depreciated.
Includes $183 million and $174 million of construction in progress as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Intangible Assets

Time Warner has a significant number of intangible assets, including acquired film and television libraries and other
copyrighted products and tradenames. Time Warner does not recognize the fair value of internally generated intangible
assets. Intangible assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at the acquisition date fair value in the Company’s
Consolidated Balance Sheet. Acquired film libraries are amortized using the film forecast computation model. For more
information, see “Film and Television Production Cost Recognition, Participations and Residuals and Impairments” and
Note 3.

Asset Impairments

Investments

The Company’s investments consist of (i) investments carried at fair value, including available-for-sale securities and
certain deferred compensation-related investments, (ii) investments accounted for using the cost method of accounting and
(iii) investments accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The Company regularly reviews its investments for
impairment, including when the carrying value of an investment exceeds its market value. If the Company determines that an
investment has sustained an other-than-temporary decline in its value, the investment is written down to its fair value by a
charge to earnings that is included in Other loss, net. Factors that are considered by the Company in determining whether an
other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred include (i) the market value of the security in relation to its cost basis,
(ii) the financial condition of the investee and (iii) the Company’s intent and ability to retain the investment for a sufficient
period of time to allow for recovery in the market value of the investment.

72

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

In evaluating the factors described above for available-for-sale securities, the Company presumes a decline in value to
be other-than-temporary if the quoted market price of the security is 20% or more below the investment’s cost basis for a
period of six months or more (the “20% criterion”) or the quoted market price of the security is 50% or more below the
security’s cost basis at any quarter end (the “50% criterion”). However, the presumption of an other-than-temporary decline
in these instances may be overcome if there is persuasive evidence indicating that the decline is temporary in nature (e.g., the
investee’s operating performance is strong,
the market price of the investee’s security is historically volatile, etc.).
Additionally, there may be instances in which impairment losses are recognized even if the 20% and 50% criteria are not
satisfied (e.g., if there is a plan to sell the security in the near term and the fair value is below the Company’s cost basis).

For investments accounted for using the cost or equity method of accounting, the Company evaluates information
available (e.g., budgets, business plans, financial statements, etc.) in addition to quoted market prices, if any, in determining
whether an other-than-temporary decline in value exists. Factors indicative of an other-than-temporary decline include
recurring operating losses, credit defaults and subsequent rounds of financing at an amount below the cost basis of the
Company’s investment. For more information, see Note 5.

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, primarily tradenames, are tested annually for impairment as of
December 31 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is either the “operating segment level,” such as Warner Bros.
Entertainment Inc. (“Warner Bros.”), Home Box Office, Inc. (“Home Box Office”) and Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.
(“Turner”), or one level below, which is referred to as a “component” (e.g., Warner Bros. Theatrical, Warner Bros.
Television). The level at which the impairment test is performed requires judgment as to whether the components constitute a
self-sustaining business and, if so, whether their operations are similar such that they should be aggregated for purposes of
the impairment test. For purposes of the goodwill impairment test, management has concluded that the operations below the
operating segment level met the criteria to be aggregated and therefore has determined its reporting units are the same as its
operating segments.

In assessing Goodwill for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to
determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines that it is not more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company is not required to perform any additional
tests in assessing Goodwill for impairment. However, if the Company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the
qualitative assessment, then it is required to perform the first step of a two-step impairment review process. The first step of
the two-step process involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount. In
performing the first step, the Company generally determines the fair value of a reporting unit using a discounted cash flow
(“DCF”) analysis and, in certain cases, a combination of a DCF analysis and a market-based approach. Determining fair
value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth
rates, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, as well as relevant comparable public company earnings
multiples. The cash flows employed in the DCF analyses are based on the Company’s most recent budgets and long range
plans and perpetual growth rates are assumed for years beyond the current long range plan period. Discount rate assumptions
are based on an assessment of market rates, capital structures and the risk inherent in the future cash flows included in the
budgets and long range plans.

For 2016, the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment of impairment of Goodwill and concluded that it
was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit was in excess of its respective carrying value. Accordingly,
the 2016 assessment did not result in any impairments of the Company’s Goodwill. In reaching this conclusion, the Company
considered the results of prior year’s quantitative assessment and underlying trends and assumptions used in determining fair
value, including the value proposed by AT&T in connection with the pending AT&T merger.

In assessing other intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment, the Company also has the option to
perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that

73

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

it is more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company
determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount,
then the Company is not required to perform any additional tests for assessing those intangible assets for impairment.
However, if the Company concludes otherwise or elects not to perform the qualitative assessment, then it is required to
perform a quantitative impairment test that involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its
carrying value. When performing the quantitative impairment test on other intangible assets not subject to amortization, the
Company determines fair value using a DCF valuation analysis, which is based on the “relief from royalty” methodology.
Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the
respective intangible assets. Also subject to judgment are assumptions about royalty rates, which are based on the estimated
rates at which similar tradenames are being licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds
its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.

In 2016, the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment for substantially all of its intangible assets not
subject to amortization and concluded that it was more likely than not the fair value of each of the Company’s intangible
assets not subject to amortization was in excess of its respective carrying value.

Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets (e.g., tradenames, customer
lists and film libraries, do not require that an annual impairment test be performed; instead, long-lived assets are tested for
impairment upon the occurrence of a triggering event. Triggering events include the more likely than not disposal of a
portion of such assets or the occurrence of an adverse change in the market involving the business employing the related
assets. Once a triggering event has occurred, the impairment test is based on whether the intent is to hold the asset for
continued use or to hold the asset for sale. The impairment test for assets held for continued use requires a comparison of
cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of an asset or group of assets (“asset group”) against the carrying
value of the asset group. An asset group is established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by the asset or
group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. If the intent is to hold the asset group for
continued use, the impairment test first requires a comparison of estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by the
asset group against its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an
impairment would be measured as the difference between the estimated fair value of the asset group and its carrying value.
Fair value is generally determined by discounting the future cash flows associated with that asset group. If the intent is to
hold the asset group for sale and certain other criteria are met (e.g., the asset can be disposed of currently, appropriate levels
of authority have approved the sale, and there is an active program to locate a buyer), the impairment test involves comparing
the asset group’s carrying value to its estimated fair value. To the extent the carrying value is greater than the estimated fair
value, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. Significant judgments in this area involve determining the
appropriate asset group level at which to test, determining whether a triggering event has occurred, determining the future
cash flows for the assets involved and selecting the appropriate discount rate to be applied in determining estimated fair
value. For more information, see Note 3.

Accounting for Pension Plans

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans, the
substantial majority of which are noncontributory, covering a majority of domestic employees and, to a lesser extent, have
various defined benefit plans, primarily noncontributory, covering certain international employees. Pension benefits are
based on formulas that reflect the participating employees’ qualifying years of service and compensation. Time Warner’s
largest defined benefit pension plan is closed for new employees and frozen to future benefit accruals. Time Warner uses a
December 31 measurement date for its plans. The pension expense recognized by the Company is determined using certain
assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the interest factor implied by the discount rate
and the rate of compensation increases. For more information, see Note 14.

74

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Equity-Based Compensation

The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based
on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized in Costs of revenues or Selling, general and administrative
expenses depending on the job function of the grantee on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) from the date of
grant over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award. The total grant-
date fair value of an equity award granted to an employee who has reached a specified age and years of service as of the
grant date is recognized as compensation expense immediately upon grant as there is no required service period.

The grant-date fair value of a restricted stock unit (“RSU”) is determined based on the closing sale price of the

Company’s common stock on the NYSE Composite Tape on the date of grant.

Performance stock units (“PSUs”) are subject to a performance condition such that the number of PSUs that ultimately
vest generally depends on the adjusted earnings per share (“Adjusted EPS”) achieved by the Company during a three-year
performance period compared to targets established at the beginning of the period. The PSUs are also subject to a market
condition and the number of PSUs that vest can be increased or decreased based on the Company’s cumulative total
shareholder return (“TSR”) relative to the TSR of the other companies in the S&P 500 Index for the performance period.
Because the terms of the PSUs provide discretion to make certain adjustments to the performance calculation, the service
inception date of these awards precedes the grant date. Accordingly, the Company recognizes compensation expense
beginning on the service inception date and remeasures the fair value of the PSU until a grant date occurs, which is typically
after the completion of the required service period. PSUs, as well as RSUs granted to certain senior executives, also are
subject to a performance condition based on an adjusted net income target for a one-year period that, if not achieved, will
result in the forfeiture of the awards.

The grant-date fair value of a stock option is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Because the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, changes in these assumptions can materially
affect the fair value of the stock options. The Company determines the volatility assumption for these stock options using
implied volatilities data from its traded options. The expected term, which represents the period of time that stock options
granted are expected to be outstanding, is estimated based on the historical exercise behavior of Time Warner employees.
Groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The
risk-free rate assumed in valuing the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the
expected term of the option. The Company determines the expected dividend yield percentage by dividing the expected
annual dividend by the market price of Time Warner common stock at the date of grant. For more information, see Note 13.

Revenue

The Company generates revenue primarily from content production and distribution (i.e., Content Revenue), providing
programming to cable system operators, satellite service distributors, telephone companies and virtual multichannel video
programming distributors (collectively, “affiliates”) and digital distributors that have contracted to receive and distribute this
programming to their subscribers (i.e., Subscription Revenue) and the sale of advertising on the Company’s television
networks and digital properties and the digital properties it manages and/or operates for others (i.e., Advertising Revenue).

Content Revenue

Feature films typically are produced or acquired for initial exhibition in theaters, followed by distribution, generally
commencing within three years of such initial exhibition, through sales of feature films in physical format, electronic sell-
through, video-on-demand, OTT services, premium cable, basic cable and broadcast networks. Revenues from film rentals
by theaters are recognized as the films are exhibited. Revenues from sales of feature films in physical format are recognized
at the later of the delivery date or the date that the DVDs or Blu-ray Discs are made widely available for sale or rental by
retailers based on gross sales less a provision for estimated returns, rebates and pricing allowances. Revenues from the
licensing of feature films for electronic sell-through or video-on-demand are recognized when the product has been

75

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

purchased by and made available to the consumer to either download or stream. Revenues from the distribution of theatrical
product through OTT services, premium cable, basic cable and broadcast networks are recognized when the films are
available to the licensee.

Television programs and series are initially produced for broadcast networks, cable networks, first-run television
syndication or OTT services and may be subsequently licensed for international or domestic cable, syndicated television and
OTT services, as well as sold on home video and via electronic delivery. Revenues from the distribution of television
programming through broadcast networks, cable networks, first-run syndication and OTT services are recognized when the
programs or series are available to the licensee, except for consideration to be received from the exhibition of advertising,
where the revenue is valued and recognized when the related advertisements are exhibited. In certain circumstances, pursuant
to the terms of the applicable contractual arrangements, the availability dates granted to customers may precede the date the
Company may bill the customers for these sales. Unbilled accounts receivable, which primarily relate to the distribution of
television product at Warner Bros., totaled $4.573 billion and $4.057 billion at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Included in the unbilled accounts receivable at December 31, 2016 was $2.687 billion that is to be billed in the
next twelve months. Similar to theatrical home video sales, revenues from sales of television programming in physical
format are recognized at the later of the delivery date or the date that the DVDs or Blu-ray Discs are made widely available
for sale or rental by retailers based on gross sales less a provision for estimated returns, rebates and pricing allowances.
Revenues from the licensing of television programs and series for electronic sell-through or video-on-demand are recognized
when the product has been purchased by and made available to the consumer to either download or stream. Revenues from
the distribution of television programming through OTT services are recognized when the television programs or series are
available to the licensee.

Upfront or guaranteed payments for the licensing of intellectual property are recognized as revenue when (i) an
arrangement has been signed with a customer, (ii) the customer’s right to use or otherwise exploit the intellectual property
has commenced and there is no requirement for significant continued performance by the Company, (iii) licensing fees are
either fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability of the fees is reasonably assured. In the event any significant continued
performance is required in these arrangements, revenue is allocated to each applicable element and recognized when the
related services are performed.

Revenues from the sales of console videogames are recognized at the later of the delivery date or the date that the
product is made widely available for sale or rental by retailers based on gross sales less a provision for estimated returns,
rebates and pricing allowances.

Subscription Revenue

Subscription revenues from the Company’s cable networks and premium pay and basic tier television services are
recognized over the license period as programming is provided to affiliates based on negotiated contractual programming
rates. When a distribution contract with an affiliate has expired and a new distribution contract has not been executed,
revenues are based on estimated rates, giving consideration to factors including the previous contractual rates, inflation,
current payments by the affiliate and the status of the negotiations on a new contract. When the new distribution contract
terms are finalized, an adjustment to Subscription revenues is recorded, if necessary, to reflect the new terms. Such
adjustments historically have not been significant.

Subscription revenues from OTT services (e.g., HBO NOW) are recognized as programming services are provided to

customers.

Advertising Revenue

Advertising revenues are recognized, net of agency commissions, in the period that the advertisements are aired. If
there is a targeted audience guarantee, revenues are recognized for the actual audience delivery and revenues are deferred for
any shortfall until the guaranteed audience delivery is met, typically by providing additional advertisements. Advertising
revenues from digital properties are recognized as impressions are delivered or the services are performed.

76

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Sales Returns and Pricing Rebates

Management’s estimate of product sales that will be returned and pricing rebates to grant is an area of judgment
affecting Revenues and Net income. In estimating product sales that will be returned, management analyzes vendor sales of
the Company’s product, historical return trends, current economic conditions, and changes in customer demand. Based on
this information, management reserves a percentage of any product sales that provide the customer with the right of return.
The provision for such sales returns is reflected as a reduction in the revenues from the related sale. In estimating the reserve
for pricing rebates, management considers the terms of the Company’s agreements with its customers that contain targets
which, if met, would entitle the customer to a rebate. In those instances, management evaluates the customer’s actual and
forecasted purchases to determine the appropriate reserve. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, total reserves for sales returns
(which also reflects reserves for certain pricing allowances provided to customers) primarily related to home entertainment
products (e.g., DVDs, Blu-ray Discs and videogames) and were $788 million and $875 million, respectively. An incremental
change of 1% in the Company’s estimated sales returns rate (i.e., provisions for returns divided by gross sales of related
product) would have resulted in an approximate $32 million impact on the Company’s total Revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2016. This revenue impact would have been partially offset by a corresponding impact on related expenses
depending on the margin associated with a specific film or videogame and other factors.

Gross versus Net Revenue Recognition

In the normal course of business, the Company may act as an intermediary or an agent with respect to the sale of third-
party products or services (e.g., arrangements where Warner Bros. distributes a film owned by a third party). In addition, the
Company may use an intermediary to sell its own products or services (e.g., arrangements involving the distribution of HBO
NOW). In connection with these arrangements, the Company must determine whether to report revenue based on the gross
amount billed to the ultimate customer or on the net amount received from the customer after commissions and other
payments to third parties. To the extent revenues are recorded on a gross basis, any commissions or other payments to third
parties are recorded as expense so that the net amount (gross revenues less expense) is reflected in Operating Income.
Accordingly, the impact on Operating Income is the same whether the Company records revenue on a gross or net basis.

The determination of whether revenue should be reported on a gross or net basis is based on an assessment of whether
the Company is acting as the principal or an agent in the transaction. If the Company is acting as a principal in a transaction,
the Company reports revenue on a gross basis. If the Company is acting as an agent in a transaction, the Company reports
revenue on a net basis. The determination of whether the Company is acting as a principal or an agent in a transaction
involves judgment and is based on an evaluation of the terms of an arrangement. The Company serves as the principal in
transactions in which it has substantial risks and rewards of ownership.

For example, Warner Bros. acts as an intermediary when it provides distribution services for independent third-party
companies for the worldwide distribution of theatrical films, home video, television programs and/or videogames. The
independent third-party company may retain final approval over the distribution, marketing, advertising and publicity for
each film or videogame in all media, including the timing and extent of the releases, the pricing and packaging of packaged
goods units and approval of all
television licenses. Warner Bros. records revenue generated in these distribution
arrangements on a gross basis when it (i) is the merchant of record for the licensing arrangements, (ii) is the licensor/
contracting party, (iii) provides the materials to licensees, (iv) handles the billing and collection of all amounts due under
such arrangements and (v) bears the risk of loss related to distribution advances and/or the packaged goods inventory. If
Warner Bros. does not bear the risk of loss as described in the previous sentence, the arrangements are accounted for on a net
basis.

Film and Television Production Cost Recognition, Participations and Residuals and Impairments

Film and television production costs include the unamortized cost of completed theatrical films and television episodes,
theatrical films and television series in production and undeveloped film and television rights. Film and television production
costs are stated at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value. The amount of capitalized film and

77

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

television production costs recognized as Costs of revenues for a given period is determined using the film forecast
computation method. Under this method, the amortization of capitalized costs and the accrual of participations and residuals
is based on the proportion of the film’s revenues recognized for such period to the film’s estimated remaining ultimate
revenues (i.e., the total revenue to be received throughout a film’s life cycle).

The process of estimating a film’s ultimate revenues requires the Company to make a series of significant judgments
relating to future revenue generating activities associated with a particular film and is important for two reasons. First, while
a film or television series is being produced and the related costs are being capitalized, as well as at the time the film or
television series is released, it is necessary for management to estimate the ultimate revenues, less additional costs to be
incurred (including exploitation and participation costs), in order to determine whether the value of a film or television series
is impaired and requires an immediate write-off of unrecoverable film and television production costs down to fair value.
Second, it is necessary for management to determine, using the film forecast computation method, the amount of capitalized
film and television production costs and the amount of participations and residuals to be recognized as Costs of revenues for
a given film or television series in a particular period. To the extent that the ultimate revenues are adjusted, the resulting
gross margin reported on the exploitation of that film or television series in a period is also adjusted.

Prior to the theatrical release of a film, management bases its estimates of ultimate revenues for each film on factors
such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors, the rating and genre of the film, pre-
release market research (including test market screenings) and the expected number of theaters in which the film will be
released. In the absence of revenues directly related to the exhibition of a film or television program that is owned by the
Company on the Company’s television networks or premium pay television or OTT services, management estimates a
portion of the unamortized costs that are representative of the utilization of that film or television program in that exhibition
and expenses such costs as the film or television program is exhibited. The period over which ultimate revenues are
estimated is generally not to exceed ten years from the initial release of a motion picture or from the date of delivery of the
first episode of an episodic television series. For an episodic television series still in production, the period over which
ultimate revenues are estimated cannot exceed five years from the date of delivery of the most recent episode. Management
updates such estimates based on information available during the film’s production and, upon release, the actual results of
each film. Changes in estimates of ultimate revenues from period to period affect the amount of production costs amortized
in a given period and, therefore, could have an impact on the segment’s financial results for that period. For example, prior to
a film’s release, the Company often will test market the film to the film’s targeted demographic. If the film is not received
favorably, the Company may (i) reduce the film’s estimated ultimate revenues, (ii) revise the film, which could cause the
production costs to increase, or (iii) perform a combination of both. Similarly, a film that generates lower-than-expected
theatrical revenues in its initial weeks of release would have its theatrical, home video and television distribution ultimate
revenues adjusted downward. A failure to adjust for a downward change in estimates of ultimate revenues would result in the
understatement of production costs amortization for the period. The Company recorded production cost amortization of
$4.745 billion, $4.384 billion and $4.229 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in production cost
amortization are theatrical film impairments, primarily related to pre-release films, of $69 million, $80 million and $86
million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Licensed Programming Inventory Cost Recognition and Impairment

In the normal course of business, the Company’s Turner and Home Box Office segments enter into agreements to
license programming exhibition rights from licensors. A programming inventory asset related to these rights and a
corresponding liability payable to the licensor are recorded (on a discounted basis if the license agreements are long-term)
when (i) the cost of the programming is reasonably determined, (ii) the programming material has been accepted in
accordance with the terms of the agreement, (iii) the programming is available for its first showing or telecast, and (iv) the
license period has commenced. There are variations in the amortization methods of these rights, depending on whether the
network is advertising-supported (e.g., TNT and TBS) or not advertising-supported (e.g., HBO and Turner Classic Movies).

For the Company’s advertising-supported networks, the Company’s general policy is to amortize each program’s costs
on a straight-line basis (or per-play basis, if greater) over its license period. However, for certain types of programming, the

78

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

initial airing has more value than subsequent airings. In these circumstances, the Company uses an accelerated method of
amortization. For example, if the Company is licensing the right to air a movie multiple times over a certain period, the
movie is being shown for the first time on a Company network (a “Network Movie Premiere”) and the Network Movie
Premiere advertising is sold at a premium rate, a larger portion of the movie’s programming inventory cost is amortized upon
the initial airing of the movie, with the remaining cost amortized on a straight-line basis (or per-play basis, if greater) over
the remaining license period. The accelerated amortization upon the first airing versus subsequent airings is determined
based on a study of historical and estimated future advertising sales for similar programming. For rights fees paid for sports
programming arrangements (e.g., National Basketball Association, The National Collegiate Athletic Association (“NCAA”)
Men’s Division I Basketball championship events (the “NCAA Tournament”) and Major League Baseball), such rights fees
are amortized using a revenue-forecast model, in which the rights fees are amortized using the ratio of current period
advertising revenue to total estimated remaining advertising revenue over the term of the arrangement.

For premium pay television and OTT services that are not advertising-supported, each licensed program’s costs are
amortized on a straight-line basis over its license period or estimated period of use, beginning with the month of initial
exhibition. When the Company has the right to exhibit feature theatrical programming in multiple windows over a number of
years, the Company uses historical audience viewership as its basis for determining the amount of programming amortization
attributable to each window.

For programming licensed in exchange, in part, for advertising services, the Company recognizes programming
inventory and deferred advertising revenue at the estimated fair value when the programming is available for telecast. Such
programming inventory is amortized in the same manner as the non-advertising component of the licensed programming.

The Company carries its licensed programming inventory at the lower of unamortized cost or estimated net realizable
value. For networks that generate both Advertising and Subscription revenues (e.g., TBS and TNT), the Company generally
evaluates the net realizable value of unamortized programming costs based on the network’s programming taken as a whole.
In assessing whether the programming inventory for a particular advertising-supported network is impaired, the Company
determines the net realizable value for all of the network’s programming inventory based on a projection of the network’s
profitability. Similarly, for premium pay television and OTT services that are not advertising-supported, the Company
performs its evaluation of the net realizable value of unamortized programming costs based on the premium pay television
and OTT services’ licensed programming taken as a whole. Specifically, the Company determines the net realizable value for
all of its premium pay television and OTT service licensed programming based on projections of estimated Subscription
revenues less certain costs of delivering and distributing the licensed programming. However, changes in management’s
intended usage of a specific program, such as a decision to no longer exhibit that program and forego the use of the rights
associated with the program license, would result in a reassessment of that program’s net realizable value, which could result
in an impairment.

Other Inventory

Inventories other than film and television production costs and licensed programming inventory consist primarily of
DVDs, Blu-ray Discs and videogame development costs and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is
determined using the average cost method. Returned goods included in Inventory are valued at estimated realizable value, but
not in excess of cost. For more information, see Note 7.

Videogame development costs are expensed as incurred before the applicable videogames reach technological
feasibility. Upon release, the capitalized videogame development costs are amortized based on the greater of the amount
computed using (i) the proportion of the videogame’s revenues recognized for such period to the videogame’s total current
and anticipated revenues or (ii) the straight-line method over the remaining economic life of the videogame. Unamortized
capitalized videogame production and development costs are stated at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or net
realizable value and reported in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, there were
$247 million and $201 million, respectively, of unamortized computer software costs related to videogames. Amortization of
such costs was $101 million, $214 million and $115 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,

79

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

respectively. Included in such amortization are writedowns to net realizable value of certain videogame production costs of
$20 million, $17 million and $51 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Multiple-Element Transactions

In the normal course of business,

the Company enters into multiple-element

involve making
judgments about allocating the consideration to the various elements of the transactions. While the more common type of
multiple-element transactions encountered by the Company involve the sale or purchase of multiple products or services
(e.g., licensing multiple film titles in a single arrangement), multiple-element transactions can also involve contemporaneous
purchase and sales transactions, the settlement of an outstanding dispute contemporaneous with the purchase of a product or
service, as well as investing in an investee while at the same time entering into an operating agreement. In accounting for
multiple-element transactions, judgment must be exercised in identifying the separate elements in a bundled transaction as
well as determining the values of these elements. These judgments can impact the amount of revenues, expenses and net
income recognized over the term of the contract, as well as the period in which they are recognized.

transactions that

In determining the value of the respective elements, the Company refers to quoted market prices (where available),
independent appraisals (where available), historical and comparable cash transactions or its best estimate of selling price.
Other indicators of value include the existence of price protection in the form of “most-favored-nation” clauses or similar
contractual provisions and individual elements whose values are dependent on future performance (and based on independent
factors). Further, in such transactions, evidence of value for one element of a transaction may provide support that value was
not transferred from one element in a transaction to another element in a transaction.

Accounting for Collaborative Arrangements

The Company’s collaborative arrangements primarily relate to co-financing arrangements to jointly finance and
distribute theatrical productions and an arrangement entered into with CBS Broadcasting, Inc. (“CBS”) and the NCAA that
provides Turner and CBS with exclusive television, Internet and wireless rights to the NCAA Tournament in the U.S. and its
territories and possessions from 2011 through 2032.

In most cases, the form of the co-financing arrangement is the sale of an interest in a film to an investor. Warner Bros.
generally records the amounts received for the sale of an interest as a reduction of the costs of the film, as the investor
assumes full risk for that share of the film asset acquired in these transactions. The substance of these arrangements is that
the third-party investors own an interest in the film and, therefore, in each period the Company reflects in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations either a charge or benefit to Costs of revenues to reflect the estimate of the third-party investor’s
interest in the profits or losses incurred on the film. The estimate of the third-party investor’s interest in profits or losses
incurred on the film is determined using the film forecast computation method. For the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, net participation costs related to third party investors of $249 million, $406 million and $580 million,
respectively, were recorded in Costs of revenues.

The aggregate programming rights fee, production costs, advertising revenues and sponsorship revenues related to the
NCAA Tournament and related programming are equally shared by Turner and CBS. However, if the amount paid for the
programming rights fee and production costs in any given year exceeds advertising and sponsorship revenues for that year,
CBS’ share of such shortfall is limited to specified annual amounts (the “loss cap”), ranging from approximately $30 million
to $45 million. The amounts incurred by the Company pursuant to the loss cap during the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015 were not significant. In accounting for this arrangement, the Company records Advertising revenues for the
advertisements aired on Turner’s networks and amortizes Turner’s share of the programming rights fee based on the ratio of
current period advertising revenues to its estimate of total advertising revenues over the term of the arrangement.

Advertising Costs

Time Warner expenses advertising costs as they are incurred, which generally is when the advertising is exhibited or

aired. Advertising expense to third parties was $2.386 billion in 2016, $2.586 billion in 2015 and $2.430 billion in 2014.

80

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are provided using the asset and liability method, such that income taxes (i.e., deferred tax assets,
deferred tax liabilities,
taxes currently payable/refunds receivable and tax expense) are recorded based on amounts
refundable or payable in the current year and include the results of any difference between GAAP and tax reporting. Deferred
income taxes reflect the tax effect of net operating losses, capital losses and tax credit carryforwards and the net tax effects of
temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes,
as determined under tax laws and rates. Valuation allowances are established when management determines that it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The financial effect of changes in tax
laws or rates is accounted for in the period of enactment. The subsequent realization of net operating loss and general
business credit carryforwards acquired in acquisitions accounted for using the purchase method of accounting is recognized
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Tax credits received for the production of a film or program are offset against
the cost of inventory capitalized. Deferred tax assets are included in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

From time to time, the Company engages in transactions in which the tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty.
Examples of such transactions include business acquisitions and dispositions, including dispositions designed to be tax free,
and certain financing transactions. Significant judgment is required in assessing and estimating the tax consequences of these
transactions. The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations. In the normal
course of business, the Company’s tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations
may result in future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities. In determining the Company’s tax provision for
financial reporting purposes, the Company establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are
determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination based on their technical merits. There is
considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the Company’s tax returns are more likely than
not of being sustained.

The Company adjusts its tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with,
the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations. The Company’s policy is to
recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense. For further
information, see Note 10.

Discontinued Operations

In determining whether a group of assets disposed (or to be disposed) of should be presented as a discontinued
operation, the Company assesses whether the disposal (or planned disposal) represents a strategic shift that has had or will
have a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results.

On June 6, 2014 (the “Distribution Date”), the Company completed the legal and structural separation of the
Company’s Time Inc. segment from the Company (the “Time Separation”). The Company has presented the financial
position and results of operations of its former Time Inc. segment as discontinued operations in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. For more information on the Time Separation, see Note 4.

2. MERGER AGREEMENT WITH AT&T

On October 22, 2016, Time Warner entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with
AT&T. The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T with and into
Time Warner, with Time Warner continuing as the surviving company in the merger. Immediately thereafter, Time Warner
will merge with and into a limited liability company formed by AT&T, which will continue as the surviving entity and a
wholly owned subsidiary of AT&T. The Merger Agreement was unanimously approved by all members of Time Warner’s
and AT&T’s board of directors. Time Warner shareholders adopted the Merger Agreement at a special meeting of
shareholders on February 15, 2017. Subject to the satisfaction of the remaining conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement,
upon consummation of the merger, each share of the Company’s common stock will be converted into the right to receive

81

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

$53.75 in cash and a specified number of shares of AT&T stock, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and determined by
reference to the average of the volume weighted averages of the trading price of AT&T common stock on the New York
Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) on each of the 15 consecutive NYSE trading days ending on and including the trading day that is
three trading days prior to the closing of the merger (the “Average Stock Price”). The stock portion of the per share
consideration will be subject to a collar such that if the Average Stock Price is between $37.411 and $41.349, Time Warner
shareholders will receive shares of AT&T stock equal to $53.75 in value for each share of Time Warner common stock. If
the Average Stock Price is below $37.411, Time Warner shareholders will receive 1.437 AT&T shares for each share of
Time Warner common stock. If the Average Stock Price is an amount greater than $41.349, Time Warner shareholders will
receive 1.300 AT&T shares for each share of Time Warner common stock. The merger is conditioned on the receipt of
certain antitrust and other required regulatory consents. The merger is expected to close before year-end 2017. Should
Time Warner terminate the Merger Agreement in specified circumstances, Time Warner may be required to pay AT&T a
termination fee equal to $1.725 billion if Time Warner enters into or consummates an alternative transaction with a third
party following such termination of the Merger Agreement.

3.

GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Time Warner has a significant number of intangible assets, including acquired film and television libraries and other
copyrighted products and tradenames. Certain intangible assets are deemed to have finite lives and, accordingly, are
amortized over their estimated useful lives, while others are deemed to be indefinite-lived and therefore are not amortized.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, primarily certain tradenames, are tested annually for impairment during the
fourth quarter, or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances.

Goodwill

The following summary of changes in the Company’s Goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015,

by reportable segment and in total, is as follows (millions):

Balance at December 31, 2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions, dispositions and adjustments, net . . . . . .
Translation adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquisitions, dispositions and adjustments, net . . . . . .
Translation adjustments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

Turner

13,956
176
(24)
14,108
16
1
14,125

Home Box Office
7,433
$
—
—
7,433
—
—
7,433

$

$

Warner Bros.
6,176
8
(36)
6,148
85
(39)
6,194

$

$

$

$

$

$

Total

27,565
184
(60)
27,689
101
(38)
27,752

The carrying amount of goodwill for all periods presented was net of accumulated impairments of $13.338 billion and

$4.091 billion at the Turner segment and the Warner Bros. segment, respectively.

The performance of the Company’s annual impairment analysis did not result in any impairments of Goodwill for any
of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016. Refer to Note 1 for a discussion of the 2016 annual
impairment test.

The increase in Goodwill at the Warner Bros. segment for the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily related to
several insignificant acquisitions made during 2016, offset in part by the sale of its Flixster business. The increase in
Goodwill at the Turner segment for the year ended December 31, 2015 was primarily related to the acquisition of
iStreamPlanet Co., LLC (“iStreamPlanet”). See Note 4 for additional information.

82

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Intangible Assets

The Company recorded noncash impairments of intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and

2014, by reportable segment, as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Turner
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Time Warner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

25
—
—
25

$

$

1
—
—
1

$

$

1
4
13
18

The Company’s intangible assets subject to amortization and related accumulated amortization consisted of the

following (millions):

December 31, 2016

Accumulated

Amortization(a)

Gross

Net

Gross

December 31, 2015

Accumulated

Amortization(a)

Net

3,432 $

(2,914) $

518 $

3,432 $

(2,776) $

Film library . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Brands, tradenames and

other intangible assets . .

Total

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

4,134 $

(3,351) $

702

(437)

265
783 $

716

(423)

4,148 $

(3,199) $

656

293
949

(a)

The film library has a weighted-average remaining life of approximately 4 years and is amortized using a film forecast computation methodology.
Amortization of brands, tradenames and other intangible assets subject to amortization is provided generally on a straight-line basis over their
respective useful lives.

The Company recorded amortization expense of $190 million in 2016 compared to $189 million in 2015 and $202
million in 2014. Amortization expense may vary in the future as acquisitions, dispositions and impairments, if any, occur and
as purchase price allocations are finalized. The Company’s estimated amortization expense for the succeeding five years
ended December 31 is as follows (millions):

Estimated amortization expense . . . . . . . . . $

181 $

172 $

161 $

145 $

40

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

4.

DISPOSITIONS AND ACQUISITIONS

Dispositions

Separation of Time Inc.

As discussed in Note 1, the Time Separation was completed on June 6, 2014. The Time Separation was effected as a
pro rata dividend of all shares of Time Inc. common stock held by Time Warner in a spin-off to Time Warner stockholders.
With the completion of the Time Separation, the Company disposed of the Time Inc. segment in its entirety and ceased to
consolidate its assets, liabilities and results of operations in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Accordingly,
the Company has presented the financial position and results of operations of its former Time Inc. segment as discontinued
operations in the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.

In connection with the Time Separation, the Company received $1.4 billion from Time Inc., consisting of proceeds
relating to Time Inc.’s acquisition of the IPC publishing business in the U.K. from a wholly-owned subsidiary of Time Warner
and a special dividend.

83

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Acquisitions

Hulu

On August 2, 2016, Time Warner purchased a 10% ownership interest in Hulu, LLC (“Hulu”), a company that provides
OTT services, for $590 million in cash, including transaction costs. Time Warner accounts for this investment under the
equity method of accounting.

Fandango

In April 2016, Warner Bros. sold its Flixster business to Fandango Media, LLC (“Fandango”), a subsidiary of
NBCUniversal Media LLC, in exchange for a 25% interest in Fandango. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Warner
Bros. recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $90 million in connection with this transaction. Time Warner accounts for its
investment in Fandango under the equity method of accounting.

iStreamPlanet

In August 2015, Turner acquired a majority ownership interest in iStreamPlanet, a provider of streaming and cloud-
based video and technology services, for $148 million, net of cash acquired. As a result of Turner’s acquisition of the
additional interests in iStreamPlanet, Turner recorded a $3 million gain on a previously held investment accounted for under
the cost method and began consolidating iStreamPlanet in the third quarter of 2015. In connection with the acquisition, $29
million of Redeemable noncontrolling interest was recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Eyeworks

On June 2, 2014, Warner Bros. acquired the operations outside the U.S. of Eyeworks Group, a television production
and distribution company, which are located in 15 countries (across Europe and South America and in Australia and New
Zealand) for approximately $267 million, net of cash acquired.

Summary of Discontinued Operations

Discontinued operations, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2016 was income of $11 million ($0.02 of diluted
income per common share). Of this amount, a loss of $29 million, net of tax ($0.03 of diluted loss from discontinued
operations per common share) related to pension settlement charges related to businesses the Company previously disposed
of. Discontinued operations, net of tax, also included income of $40 million ($0.05 of diluted income from discontinued
operations per common share), related to additional tax benefits associated with certain foreign tax attributes of Warner
Music Group (“WMG”), which the Company disposed of in 2004.

Discontinued operations, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2015 was income of $37 million ($0.04 of diluted
net income per common share), primarily related to the final resolution of a tax indemnification obligation associated with
the disposition of WMG.

84

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Discontinued operations, net of tax, for the year ended December 31, 2014, reflect the results of the Company’s former

Time Inc. segment. Financial data for the discontinued operations is as follows (millions, except per share amounts):

Year Ended
December 31,

2014

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Pretax loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax benefit
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Net loss attributable to Time Warner Inc. shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Per share information attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders:
Basic net loss per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Average common shares outstanding — basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

Diluted net loss per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Average common shares outstanding — diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

1,415
(98)
31
(67)

(67)

(0.07)

863.3

(0.07)

882.6

5.

INVESTMENTS

Time Warner’s investments, by category, consist of (millions):

Equity-method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair-value and other investments:

$

Deferred compensation investments, recorded at fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred compensation insurance-related investments, recorded at cash surrender

value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity warrants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total fair-value and other investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Held-to-maturity securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost-method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

December 31,

2016

2015

2,347

$

1,363

150

410
54
159
773
—
217
3,337

$

160

402
85
179
826
268
160
2,617

Available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the realized gains and
losses are included as a component of Other loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The cost basis, unrealized
gains and fair market value of available-for-sale securities are set forth below (millions):

Cost basis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross unrealized gain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gross unrealized loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

32
23
(1)
54

$

$

63
22
—
85

Gains and losses reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net to Other loss, net in the Consolidated

Statement of Operations are determined based on the specific identification method.

December 31,

2016

2015

85

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

CME

Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (“CME”) is a publicly-traded broadcasting company operating leading
networks in six Central and Eastern European countries. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had an approximate 47%
voting interest in CME’s common stock and an approximate 76% economic interest in CME on a diluted basis.

As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 61.4 million shares of CME’s Class A common stock and 1 share of
Series A convertible preferred stock, which is convertible into 11.2 million shares of CME’s Class A common stock and
votes with the Class A common stock on an as-converted basis. The Company accounts for its investment in CME’s Class A
common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock under the equity method of accounting. Although the book value of
the Company’s equity method investment in CME has been reduced to zero through the recognition of equity method losses,
the Company has continued to record equity method losses because it has guaranteed an aggregate amount of €955 million of
CME’s obligations (as described below). The amount of such equity method losses at December 31, 2016 was $123 million
and is presented in Other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In addition, in connection with these
guarantees, the Company recognized a liability at the inception of each respective arrangement based on the estimated fair
value of the applicable guarantee. At December 31, 2016, the carrying value of liabilities associated with such guarantees
was $183 million, which is also included in Other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned all of the outstanding shares of CME’s Series B convertible
redeemable preferred shares, which are non-voting and may be converted into 105.2 million shares of CME’s Class A
common stock at the Company’s option. The Series B convertible redeemable preferred shares accrete in value until June 24,
2018 at an annual rate of 3.75% compounded quarterly. The Company accounts for its investment in CME’s Series B
convertible redeemable preferred shares under the cost method of accounting.

As of December 31, 2016, the Company held 101 million warrants each to purchase one share of CME Class A
common stock. The warrants, which became exercisable in May 2016, have a four-year term that expires in May 2018, an
exercise price of $1.00 per share and do not contain any voting rights. The warrants are carried at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet, which at December 31, 2016, was $159 million.

CME Rights Offering and Related Transactions

On May 2, 2014, pursuant to a rights offering by CME, Time Warner acquired approximately 2.8 million units, each
consisting of $100 principal amount of CME’s 15% senior secured notes due 2017 (the “Senior Secured Notes”) and 21 unit
warrants, with each unit warrant entitling the Company to purchase one share of CME Class A common stock. In addition,
Time Warner acquired 581,533 units in a private offering, and CME issued warrants to Time Warner to purchase an
additional 30 million shares of Class A common stock. The Senior Secured Notes were repaid in April 2016 as more fully
described below.

CME Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Provided by Time Warner

On May 2, 2014, Time Warner provided CME a $115 million revolving credit facility (the “CME Revolving Credit
Facility”) and a $30 million term loan (the “TW Term Loan”), each with a maturity date of December 1, 2017. The TW Term
Loan bore interest at a rate of 15.0% per annum, paid semi-annually either fully in cash or by adding such amount to the
principal amount of the loan. The TW Term Loan was repaid in April 2016 as more fully described below.

On February 19, 2016, Time Warner and CME agreed to amend and restate the CME Revolving Credit Facility to
reduce the size of the facility to $50 million as of January 1, 2018 and to extend its term from December 2017 to February
2021. Amounts outstanding under the CME Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate based on CME’s net leverage.
Beginning in April 2016, CME must pay a portion of the interest for each applicable quarterly interest period in cash and
may, at CME’s option, pay the remainder in kind by adding such amount to the outstanding principal amount of the CME
Revolving Credit Facility. The CME Revolving Credit Facility also contains a commitment fee on the average daily unused
amount under the facility of 0.50% per annum. As of December 31, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding under the CME
Revolving Credit Facility.

86

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Time Warner Guarantees of CME Debt

On November 14, 2014, Time Warner and CME entered into an agreement pursuant to which Time Warner agreed to
assist CME in refinancing $261 million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Convertible Notes due 2015 (“2015 Notes”)
and €240 million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2017 (“2017 Notes”). In connection with this
agreement, CME entered into a credit agreement (the “2014 Credit Agreement”) with third-party financial institutions the
same day for a €251 million senior unsecured term loan (the “2014 Term Loan”) that was funded in December 2014 and had
a maturity date of November 1, 2017. Time Warner has guaranteed CME’s obligations under the 2014 Credit Agreement for
a fee equal to 8.5% less the interest rate on the term loan. The fee is payable to Time Warner semi-annually in cash or in kind
at CME’s option. CME used the proceeds of the term loan to redeem the 2017 Notes. CME also entered into unsecured
interest rate hedge arrangements to protect against changes in the interest rate on the term loan during its term. Time Warner
has also guaranteed CME’s obligations under the hedge arrangements. On February 19, 2016, CME entered into an
amendment to extend the maturity of the 2014 Term Loan from November 1, 2017 to November 1, 2018.

On September 30, 2015, CME entered into a credit agreement (the “2015 Credit Agreement”) with third-party financial
institutions for a €235 million senior unsecured term loan that was funded in November 2015 and matures on November 1,
2019. Time Warner has guaranteed CME’s obligations under the 2015 Credit Agreement for an annual fee equal to 8.5% less
the interest rate on the term loan, to be paid to Time Warner semi-annually in cash or in kind at CME’s option. CME used the
proceeds of the term loan to repay the $261 million aggregate principal amount of the 2015 Notes at maturity on
November 15, 2015. As consideration for assisting CME in refinancing the 2015 Notes, Time Warner also earned a
commitment fee of $9 million, which accrues interest at a rate of 8.5%. In November 2015, CME entered into unsecured
interest rate hedge arrangements to protect against changes in the interest rate on the term loan during its term. Time Warner
has guaranteed CME’s obligations under the hedge arrangements.

On February 19, 2016, CME Media Enterprises B.V. (“CME BV”), a subsidiary of CME, entered into a credit
agreement (the “2016 Credit Agreement”) with third-party financial institutions for a €469 million senior unsecured term
loan (the “2016 Term Loan”) that was funded in April 2016 and matures on February 19, 2021. Time Warner has guaranteed
CME BV’s obligations under the 2016 Credit Agreement for a fee equal to a rate based on CME’s net leverage, which was
9% as of December 31, 2016, less the interest rate on the 2016 Term Loan, which was 1.78% as of December 31, 2016, to be
paid to Time Warner semi-annually. CME BV must pay a portion of the fee in cash and may, at CME BV’s option, pay the
remainder in cash or in kind. In April 2016, CME used cash on hand and the proceeds of the 2016 Term Loan to repay in
their entirety both its Senior Secured Notes and the TW Term Loan. Time Warner received approximately $485 million in
connection with CME’s repayment of the Senior Secured Notes and the TW Term Loan. As consideration for assisting CME
in refinancing its debt due in 2017, Time Warner earned a fee equal to 1% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2016
Term Loan borrowed at funding. Prior to the funding, CME BV entered into unsecured interest rate hedge arrangements to
protect against changes in the interest rate on the 2016 Term Loan during its term, and Time Warner has guaranteed CME
BV’s obligations under such arrangements.

In connection with the transactions entered into on February 19, 2016, the Company recorded a pretax gain of
$95 million in Investment gains (losses), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the second quarter of 2016.
Additionally, when recognizing CME’s results in the second quarter of 2016 under the equity method of accounting, the
Company recorded a pretax charge of $150 million in Other loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations related to
the transactions entered into on February 19, 2016.

Pursuant to the terms of all of CME’s outstanding senior debt, a change of control of Time Warner provides the
administrative agent and/or lenders of this debt the right to declare the debt immediately due and payable. If that were to
occur, Time Warner would be obligated under the terms of its guarantees to pay the full amount of the debt, subject to
reimbursement from CME on the scheduled maturity dates for the debt in 2018, 2019 and 2021.

Equity-Method Investments

At December 31, 2016, investments accounted for using the equity method included the Company’s investments in the
Class A common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock of CME, HBO LAG (88% owned), Hulu, HYNTH and
certain other ventures that are generally 20% to 50% owned.

87

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Cost-Method Investments

The Company’s cost-method investments include its investment in the Series B convertible redeemable preferred
shares of CME as well as its investments in other early- to mid-stage non-public entities that are of strategic relevance to
Time Warner’s businesses. The Company uses available qualitative and quantitative information to evaluate all cost-method
investments for impairment at least quarterly.

Gain on Sale of Investments, Net

For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recognized net gains of $86 million,
$59 million, and $36 million, respectively. These gains related to miscellaneous investments sold during the year and have
been reflected in Other loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Investment Writedowns

For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company incurred writedowns to reduce the carrying

value of certain investments that experienced other-than-temporary impairments, as set forth below (millions):

December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Equity-method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cost-method investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Available-for-sale securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

2
11
—
13

$

$

2
6
19
27

$

$

21
8
6
35

These amounts have been reflected in Other loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

While Time Warner has recognized all declines that are believed to be other-than-temporary as of December 31, 2016,
it is reasonably possible that individual investments in the Company’s portfolio may experience other-than-temporary
declines in value in the future if the underlying investees experience adverse changes in their financial condition or poor
operating results or if there is a significant decline in the market value of a debt or equity security held by the Company in
relation to its cost basis.

88

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

6.

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

A fair value measurement is determined based on the assumptions that a market participant would use in pricing an
asset or liability. A three-tiered hierarchy draws distinctions between market participant assumptions based on (i) observable
inputs such as quoted prices in active markets (Level 1), (ii) inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are
observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2) and (iii) unobservable inputs that require the Company to use present value
and other valuation techniques in the determination of fair value (Level 3). The following table presents information about
assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively (millions):

December 31, 2016

December 31, 2015

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets:
Trading securities:
Diversified equity
securities (a) . . .
Available-for-sale

securities:

Equity

securities . . . . .
Debt securities . . .
Derivatives:
Foreign exchange

contracts . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .

Other
Liabilities:
Derivatives:
Foreign exchange

contracts . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . .
Other
Total . . . . . . . . . . .

$

163

$

— $

— $

163

$

179

$

— $

— $

179

17
—

—
—

—
37

153
—

—
—
180

$

(9)
—
181

$

$

—
—

—
161

—
—
161

17
37

153
161

15
—

—
—

—
70

79
—

—
—

—
180

15
70

79
180

(9)
—
522

$

—
—
194

$

(2)
—
147

$

—
(7)
173

$

(2)
(7)
514

$

(a)

Consists of investments related to deferred compensation.

The Company primarily applies the market approach for valuing recurring fair value measurements. As of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, assets valued using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) primarily related to warrants to
purchase shares of Class A common stock of CME valued at $159 million and $179 million, respectively. The Company
estimates the fair value of these warrants using a Monte Carlo Simulation model. Significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurement at December 31, 2016 are an expected term of 0.82 years and an expected volatility of approximately
54%. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the other Level 3 assets consisted of equity instruments held by employees of a
former subsidiary of the Company. As of December 31, 2015, Level 3 liabilities consisted of liabilities for contingent
consideration and options to redeem securities.

89

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following table reconciles the beginning and ending balances of net derivative assets and liabilities classified as
Level 3 and identifies the total gains (losses) the Company recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
on such assets and liabilities that were included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2016 and 2015
(millions):

Balance as of the beginning of the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Total gains (losses), net:

Included in operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Included in other loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Included in other comprehensive income (loss) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Issuances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance as of the end of the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

December 31,

2016

2015

173

$

2
(19)
—
—
5
—
—
161

$

Net loss for the period included in net income related to assets and liabilities still held as of

the end of the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

(19) $

241

(1)
(65)
—
—
(2)
—
—
173

(66)

Other Financial Instruments

The Company’s other financial instruments, including debt, are not required to be carried at fair value. Based on the
interest rates prevailing at December 31, 2016, the fair value of Time Warner’s public debt exceeded its carrying value by
approximately $2.238 billion and, based on interest rates prevailing at December 31, 2015, the fair value of Time Warner’s
public debt exceeded its carrying value by approximately $2.490 billion. The fair value of Time Warner’s public debt is
considered a Level 2 measurement as it is based on observable market inputs such as current interest rates and, where
available, actual sales transactions. Unrealized gains or losses on debt do not result in the realization or expenditure of cash
and generally are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements unless the debt is retired prior to its maturity. See
Note 9 for a discussion of the Company’s debt tender offers.

Information as of December 31, 2016 about the Company’s investments in CME that are not required to be carried at

fair value on a recurring basis is as follows (millions):

Class A common stock (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Series B convertible redeemable preferred shares . . . . .

— $
—

185
268

Level 1
Level 2

Carrying Value

Fair Value

Fair Value Hierarchy

(a)

Includes 1 share of Series A convertible preferred stock.

The fair values of the Company’s investments in CME’s Class A common stock (including Series A convertible
preferred stock) and Series B convertible redeemable preferred shares are primarily determined by reference to the
December 31, 2016 closing price of CME’s common stock.

The carrying value for the majority of the Company’s other financial instruments approximates fair value due to the
short-term nature of the financial instruments or because the financial instruments are of a longer-term nature and are
recorded on a discounted basis.

90

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Non-Financial Instruments

The majority of the Company’s non-financial instruments, which include goodwill, intangible assets, inventories and
property, plant and equipment, are not required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis. However, if certain triggering
events occur (or at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets), a non-financial instrument is required to
be evaluated for impairment. If the Company determines that the non-financial instrument is impaired, the Company would
be required to write down the non-financial instrument to its fair value.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company performed an impairment review of a broadcast license at an
international subsidiary of Turner. As a result, the Company recorded a noncash impairment of $25 million to write down the
value of the asset to $10 million. During the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company performed an impairment review
of certain intangible assets at an international subsidiary of Turner. As a result, the Company recorded a noncash impairment
of $1 million to completely write off the value of these assets. The resulting fair value measurements were considered to be
Level 3 measurements and were determined using a DCF methodology with assumptions for cash flows associated with the
use and eventual disposition of the assets.

During the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company also performed fair value
measurements related to certain theatrical films and television programs. In determining the fair value of its theatrical films,
the Company employs a DCF methodology that includes cash flow estimates of a film’s ultimate revenue and costs as well as
a discount rate. The discount rate utilized in the DCF analysis is based on the weighted average cost of capital of the
respective business (e.g., Warner Bros.) plus a risk premium representing the risk associated with producing a particular
theatrical film. The fair value of any theatrical films and television programs that management plans to abandon is zero.
Because the primary determination of fair value is made using a DCF model, the resulting fair value is considered a Level 3
measurement. The following table presents certain theatrical film and television production costs, which were recorded as
inventory in the Consolidated Balance Sheet, that were written down to fair value (millions):

Fair value measurements made during the year ended December 31,:
2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

285
419

128
215

Carrying value

before write down

Carrying value
after write down

91

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

7.

INVENTORIES AND THEATRICAL FILM AND TELEVISION PRODUCTION COSTS

Inventories and theatrical film and television production costs consist of (millions):

Inventories:
Programming costs, less amortization (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other inventory, primarily DVDs and Blu-ray Discs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less current portion of inventory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total noncurrent inventories . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Theatrical film production costs: (b)
Released, less amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Completed and not released . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In production . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Development and pre-production . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Television production costs: (b)
Released, less amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Completed and not released . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In production . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Development and pre-production . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total theatrical film and television production costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total noncurrent inventories and theatrical film and television production costs . . . . . . . . .

$

$

December 31,

2016

2015

$

3,625
184
3,809
(2,062)
1,747

818
460
1,286
133

1,618
841
995
18
6,169
7,916

$

3,067
263
3,330
(1,753)
1,577

570
374
1,612
123

1,301
872
1,158
13
6,023
7,600

(a)
(b)

Includes the costs of certain programming rights, primarily sports, for which payments have been made prior to the related rights being received.
Does not include $518 million and $656 million of acquired film library intangible assets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively, which are included in Intangible assets subject to amortization, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Approximately 93% of unamortized film costs for released theatrical and television content are expected to be
amortized within three years from December 31, 2016. In addition, approximately $2.5 billion or 67% of the film costs of
released and completed and not released theatrical and television product are expected to be amortized during the twelve-
month period ending December 31, 2017.

8.

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES

Time Warner uses derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts, to manage the risk associated with the volatility
of future cash flows denominated in foreign currencies and changes in fair value resulting from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates. The principal currencies being hedged include the British Pound, Euro, Australian Dollar and Canadian
Dollar. Time Warner uses foreign exchange contracts that generally have maturities of three to 18 months to hedge various
foreign exchange exposures, including the following: (i) variability in foreign-currency-denominated cash flows, such as the
hedges of unremitted or forecasted royalty and license fees owed to Time Warner’s domestic companies for the sale or
anticipated sale of U.S. copyrighted products abroad or cash flows for certain film production costs denominated in a foreign
currency (i.e., cash flow hedges), and (ii) currency risk associated with foreign-currency-denominated operating assets and
liabilities (i.e., fair value hedges).

The Company also enters into derivative contracts that economically hedge certain of its foreign currency risks, even
though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting. These economic hedges are
used primarily to offset the change in certain foreign-currency-denominated intercompany debt due to changes in the
underlying foreign exchange rates.

92

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The translation of revenues and expenses denominated in the functional currency of a foreign subsidiary may result in
fluctuations in the U.S. Dollar-equivalent value of such revenues and expenses as compared to prior periods. Such
transactions are not eligible for qualifying hedge accounting treatment, and the Company does not economically hedge this
exposure.

Net gains and losses from hedging activities recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations were as follows

(millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Gains (losses) recognized in:
Cost of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selling, general and administrative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

81
14
(34)

$

127
21
(26)

54
5
—

Amounts included in Other loss, net include the impact of forward points and option premiums, which are excluded
from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. Other amounts included in Other loss, net relate to hedge of foreign-currency-
denominated debt and hedge ineffectiveness, which are not material.

The Company monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions that are party to its
financial transactions and has entered into collateral agreements with these counterparties to further protect the Company in
the event of deterioration of the credit quality of such counterparties on outstanding transactions. Additionally, netting
provisions are included in agreements in situations where the Company executes multiple contracts with the same
counterparty. For such foreign exchange contracts, the Company offsets the fair values of the amounts owed to or due from
the same counterparty and classifies the net amount as a net asset or net liability within Prepaid expenses and other current
assets or Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The following is a
summary of amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet pertaining to Time Warner’s use of foreign currency
derivatives at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (millions):

December 31,

2016 (a)

2015 (b)

Prepaid expenses and other current assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

153
(9)

79
(2)

(a)

(b)

Includes $297 million ($272 million of qualifying hedges and $25 million of economic hedges) and $153 million ($141 million of qualifying hedges
and $12 million of economic hedges) of foreign exchange derivative contracts in asset and liability positions, respectively.
Includes $198 million ($194 million of qualifying hedges and $4 million of economic hedges) and $121 million ($116 million of qualifying hedges
and $5 million of economic hedges) of foreign exchange derivative contracts in asset and liability positions, respectively.

At December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $46 million and $29 million of gains, respectively, related to cash flow
hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net and are expected to be recognized in earnings at the same
time the hedged items affect earnings. Included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net at December 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are net losses of $3 million and $9 million, respectively, related to hedges of cash flows associated with
films that are not expected to be released within the next twelve months.

At December 31, 2016, the carrying amount of the Company’s €700 million aggregate principal amount of debt due
2023 is designated as a hedge of the variability in the Company’s Euro-denominated net investments. The gain or loss on the
debt that is designated as, and is effective as, an economic hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation is recorded as a
currency translation adjustment within Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. For
the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, such amounts totaled $39 million of gains and $1 million of gains,
respectively. See Note 9 for more information.

93

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

9.

LONG-TERM DEBT AND OTHER FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

The Company’s long-term debt and other financing arrangements consist of revolving bank credit facilities, a
commercial paper program, fixed-rate public debt and other obligations. The principal amounts of long-term debt adjusted
for premiums, discounts and issuance costs consist of (millions):

Fixed-rate public debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Subtotal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt due within one year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total long-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

December 31,

2016

2015

22,715
1,394
230
24,339
(1,947)
22,392

$

$

23,572
—
220
23,792
(198)
23,594

The Company’s unused committed capacity as of December 31, 2016 was $5.162 billion, including $1.539 billion of
Cash and equivalents. At December 31, 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facilities, as
defined below, and $1.394 billion of commercial paper was outstanding under the commercial paper program. The Revolving
Credit Facilities, commercial paper program and public debt of the Company rank pari passu with the senior debt of the
respective obligors thereon. The weighted-average interest rate on Time Warner’s total debt was 4.97% and 5.65% at
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Revolving Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper Program

Revolving Credit Facilities

On December 16, 2016, Time Warner amended its $5.0 billion of senior unsecured credit facilities (the “Revolving
Credit Facilities”), which consist of two $2.5 billion revolving credit facilities, to extend the maturity dates of both facilities
from December 18, 2020 to December 18, 2021 and eliminate the swingline loan subfacility included in one of its facilities.

The permitted borrowers under the Revolving Credit Facilities are Time Warner and Time Warner International
Finance Limited (“TWIFL” and, together with Time Warner, the “Borrowers”). The interest rate on borrowings and facility
fees under the Revolving Credit Facilities are the same for both revolving credit facilities and are based on the credit rating
for Time Warner’s senior unsecured long-term debt. Based on the credit rating as of December 31, 2016, the interest rate on
borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facilities would be LIBOR plus 1.10% per annum and the facility fee was 0.15% per
annum.

The Revolving Credit Facilities provide same-day funding and multi-currency capability, and a portion of the
commitment, not to exceed $500 million at any time, may be used for the issuance of letters of credit. The covenants in the
Revolving Credit Facilities include a maximum consolidated leverage ratio covenant of 4.5 times the consolidated EBITDA,
as defined in the Revolving Credit Facilities, of Time Warner, but exclude any credit ratings-based defaults or covenants or
any ongoing covenant or representations specifically relating to a material adverse change in Time Warner’s financial
condition or results of operations. The terms and related financial metrics associated with the leverage ratio are defined in the
Revolving Credit Facilities. At December 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the leverage covenant, with a
consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 2.85 times. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facilities may be used for
general corporate purposes, and unused credit is available to support borrowings by Time Warner under its commercial paper
program. The Revolving Credit Facilities also contain certain events of default customary for credit facilities of this type
(with customary grace periods, as applicable). The Borrowers may from time to time, so long as no default or event of
default has occurred and is continuing, increase the commitments under either or both of the Revolving Credit Facilities by
up to $500 million per facility by adding new commitments or increasing the commitments of willing lenders. The

94

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

obligations of each of the Borrowers under the Revolving Credit Facilities are directly or indirectly guaranteed, on an
unsecured basis, by Historic TW Inc. (“Historic TW”), Home Box Office and Turner. The obligations of TWIFL under the
Revolving Credit Facilities are also guaranteed by Time Warner.

Commercial Paper Program

The Company has a commercial paper program, which was established on February 16, 2011 on a private placement
basis, under which Time Warner may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount not to
exceed the unused committed capacity under the $5.0 billion Revolving Credit Facilities, which support the commercial
paper program. Unsecured commercial paper notes issued by the Company typically mature in less than 90 days. Proceeds
from the commercial paper program may be used for general corporate purposes. The obligations of the Company under the
commercial paper program are directly or indirectly guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by Historic TW, Home Box Office
and Turner. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $1.394 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which is supported
by the Revolving Credit Facilities.

Public Debt

Time Warner and one of its subsidiaries have various public debt issuances outstanding. At issuance, the maturities of
these outstanding series of debt ranged from five to 40 years and the interest rates on debt with fixed interest rates ranged
from 1.95% to 9.15%. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the weighted average interest rate on the Company’s outstanding
fixed-rate public debt was 5.23% and 5.67%, respectively. At December 31, 2016, the Company’s fixed-rate public debt had
maturities ranging from 2017 to 2045.

Debt Offerings

On May 10, 2016, Time Warner issued $800 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Notes due 2026 under a
shelf registration statement. The net proceeds to the Company from the debt offering were $785 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses. On December 8, 2016, Time Warner issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal
amount of 3.80% Notes due 2027 under a shelf registration statement. The net proceeds to the Company from the debt
offering were $1.487 billion, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. All of the notes issued are
guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by Historic TW. In addition, Turner and Home Box Office guarantee, on an unsecured
basis, Historic TW’s guarantee of the notes.

Debt Tender Offers

On December 14, 2016, Time Warner purchased through cash tender offers $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of
its outstanding debt from the following series: 7.700% Debentures due 2032, 7.625% Debentures due 2031, 6.500%
Debentures due 2036 and 6.625% Debentures due 2029, each of which continues to have amounts outstanding. The
premiums paid and costs incurred in connection with this purchase were $1.008 billion for the year ended December 31,
2016 and were recorded in Other loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Maturities of Public Debt

The Company’s public debt matures as follows (millions):

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

Thereafter

Debt

. . . . .

$

500

$

600

$

650

$

1,400

$

2,000

$

17,767

95

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Covenants and Credit Rating Triggers

Each of the credit agreements for the Revolving Credit Facilities (the “Credit Agreement”) and the Company’s public
debt indentures contain customary covenants. A breach of the covenants in the Credit Agreement that continues beyond any
grace period constitutes a default, which can limit the Company’s ability to borrow and can give rise to a right of the lenders
to terminate the Revolving Credit Facilities and/or require immediate payment of any outstanding debt. A breach of the
covenants in the public debt indentures beyond any grace period constitutes a default, which can require immediate payment
of the outstanding debt. There are no credit ratings-based defaults or covenants in the Credit Agreement or public debt
indentures.

The interest rate on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facilities and the facility fee are based in part on the
Company’s credit ratings. Therefore, if the Company’s credit ratings are lowered, the cost of maintaining the Revolving
Credit Facilities and the cost of borrowing increase and, conversely, if the ratings improve, such costs decrease. As of
December 31, 2016, the Company’s investment grade debt ratings were as follows: Fitch BBB+, Moody’s Baa2, and S&P
BBB.

As of December 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all covenants in the Credit Agreement and its public
debt indentures. The Company does not anticipate that it will have any difficulty in the foreseeable future complying with the
covenants in its Credit Agreement or public debt indentures.

Other Obligations

Other long-term debt obligations consist of capital lease and other obligations, including committed financings by
subsidiaries under local bank credit agreements. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the weighted average interest rate for other
long-term debt obligations was 3.18% and 3.32%, respectively. Other long-term debt obligations of $125 million mature in
2018.

Capital Leases

The Company has entered into various leases primarily related to network equipment that qualify as capital lease
obligations. As a result, the present value of the remaining future minimum lease payments is recorded as a capitalized lease
asset and related capital lease obligation in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Assets recorded under capital lease obligations
totaled $118 million and $125 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Related accumulated amortization
totaled $64 million and $81 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Future minimum capital lease payments at December 31, 2016 are as follows (millions):

2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total
Amount representing interest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Present value of minimum lease payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Current portion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total long-term portion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

16
16
14
11
5
6
68
(7)
61
(14)
47

96

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

10.

INCOME TAXES

Domestic and foreign income before income taxes and discontinued operations are as follows (millions):

Domestic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

4,356
839
5,195

$

$

4,733
713
5,446

$

$

4,296
383
4,679

Current and Deferred income taxes (tax benefits) provided on Income from continuing operations are as follows

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

(millions):

Federal:

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Current . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Foreign:

Current (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

State and Local:

Current . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

693
216

342
(2)

10
22
1,281

$

$

844
349

337
(29)

142
8
1,651

$

$

128
152

466
—

25
14
785

(a)
(b)

Includes foreign withholding taxes of $264 million in 2016, $236 million in 2015 and $279 million in 2014.
Excludes excess tax benefits from equity awards allocated directly to contributed capital of $88 million in 2016, $151 million in 2015, and $179
million in 2014.

The differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 35% and income taxes

provided are as set forth below (millions):

$

Taxes on income at U.S. federal statutory rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
State and local taxes, net of federal tax effects . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Domestic production activities deduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign rate differential . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Federal tax settlement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Change in tax method of accounting for film and TV cost

amortization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

$

1,818
56
(141)
(176)
—
33

(224)
(85)
1,281

$

1,906
68
(101)
(129)
—
(29)

—
(64)
1,651

1,638
64
(114)
(20)
(687)
(226)

—
130
785

97

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Significant components of Time Warner’s net deferred tax liabilities are as follows (millions):

Deferred tax assets:
Tax attribute carryforwards (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Receivable allowances and return reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Royalties, participations and residuals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Equity-based compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Valuation allowances (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred tax liabilities:
Assets acquired in business combinations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unbilled television receivables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Depreciation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total deferred tax liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net deferred tax liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

December 31,

2016

2015

435
164
344
188
1,473
(463)
2,141

2,752
1,086
216
640
4,694
2,553

$

$

$

$

299
158
457
188
1,358
(233)
2,227

2,817
1,117
235
378
4,547
2,320

(a)

The Company has recorded valuation allowances for certain tax attribute carryforwards and other deferred tax assets due to uncertainty that exists
regarding future realizability. The tax attribute carryforwards consist of $97 million of tax credits, $74 million of capital losses and $264 million of
net operating losses that expire in varying amounts from 2017 through 2036. If, in the future, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that
these deferred tax benefits will be realized, the valuation allowances will be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes have not been recorded on permanently reinvested earnings of certain
foreign subsidiaries aggregating approximately $1.6 billion at December 31, 2016. Determination of the amount of
unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability with respect to such earnings is not practicable.

For accounting purposes, the Company records equity-based compensation expense and a related deferred tax asset for
the future tax deductions it may receive. For income tax purposes, the Company receives a tax deduction equal to the stock
price on the date that an RSU (or PSU) vests or the excess of the stock price over the exercise price of an option upon
exercise. The deferred tax asset consists of amounts relating to individual unvested and/or unexercised equity-based
compensation awards; accordingly, deferred tax assets related to certain equity awards may currently be in excess of the tax
benefit ultimately received. The applicable accounting rules require that the deferred tax asset related to an equity-based
compensation award be reduced only at the time the award vests (in the case of an RSU or PSU), is exercised (in the case of a
stock option) or otherwise expires or is canceled. This reduction is recorded as an adjustment to Additional paid-in capital
(“APIC”), to the extent that the realization of excess tax deductions on prior equity-based compensation awards were
recorded directly to APIC. The cumulative amount of such excess tax deductions is referred to as the Company’s “APIC
Pool.” Any shortfall balance recognized in excess of the Company’s APIC Pool is charged to Income tax provision in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company’s APIC Pool was sufficient to absorb any shortfalls such that no
shortfalls were charged to the Income tax provision during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. See Note 1
for a discussion of accounting guidance for share-based payments that became effective January 1, 2017.

98

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes

The Company recognizes income tax benefits for tax positions determined more likely than not to be sustained upon

examination, based on the technical merits of the positions.

Changes in the Company’s uncertain income tax positions, excluding the related accrual for interest and penalties, from

January 1 through December 31 are set forth below (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Beginning balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions for prior year tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Additions for current year tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reductions for prior year tax positions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lapses in statute of limitations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ending balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

1,330
154
81
(203)
(29)
(8)
1,325

$

$

1,327
61
62
(75)
(40)
(5)
1,330

$

$

2,169
87
69
(968)
(8)
(22)
1,327

Should the Company’s position with respect to these uncertain tax positions be upheld, the significant majority of the

effect would be recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as part of the Income tax provision.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded an increase to interest reserves in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations of approximately $58 million and made interest payments in connection with settlements reached
during 2016 of approximately $17 million. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an increase to
interest reserves in the Consolidated Statement of Operations of approximately $55 million and made interest payments in
connection with settlements reached during 2015 of approximately $19 million. The amount accrued for interest and
penalties as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $423 million and $382 million, respectively. The Company’s policy is to
recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain tax positions as part of income tax expense.

In the Company’s judgment, uncertainties related to certain tax matters are reasonably possible of being resolved
during the next twelve months. The effect of the resolutions of these matters, a portion of which could vary based on the final
terms and timing of actual settlements with taxing authorities, is estimated to be a reduction of recorded unrecognized tax
benefits ranging from $0 to $270 million, which would lower the Company’s effective tax rate. The Company does not
otherwise currently anticipate that its reserves related to uncertain income tax positions as of December 31, 2016 will
significantly increase or decrease during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2017; however, various events could
cause the Company’s current expectations to change in the future.

During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recognized a tax benefit of $687 million primarily related to
the reversal of certain tax reserves, including related interest accruals, in connection with a Federal tax settlement on the
examination of the Company’s 2005–2007 tax returns. Certain matters involving the Company’s capital loss carryforward
and research and development tax credits were not resolved as part of the settlement and, accordingly, the Company is
pursuing resolution of such matters through the Internal Revenue Service’s (“IRS”) administrative appeals process.

The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and local and foreign
jurisdictions. The IRS is currently conducting an examination of the Company’s U.S. income tax returns for the 2008 through
2014 period.

The Company filed a petition with the United States Tax Court on a matter relating to the appropriate tax
characterization of stock warrants received from Google Inc.
in 2002. In December 2014, the Company reached a
preliminary agreement with the IRS, subject to agreement regarding certain necessary computations and the preparation and
execution of definitive documentation. In February 2016, the parties reached a final agreement to resolve this matter.

99

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

As of December 31, 2016, the tax years that remain subject to examination by significant jurisdiction are as follows:

U.S. federal
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
California . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New York State . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
New York City . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2005 through 2016
2010 through 2016
2012 through 2016
2012 through 2016

11. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Common Stock Repurchase Program

For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the number of shares repurchased pursuant to trading plans

under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and their cost are as follows (millions):

2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Shares

Repurchased

31
45
77

Cost of Shares
$2,307
$3,600
$5,500

In January 2016, Time Warner’s Board of Directors authorized up to $5.0 billion of share repurchases beginning
January 1, 2016, including amounts available under the Company’s prior stock repurchase program at December 31, 2015.
Purchases under the stock repurchase program may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, with
the size and timing of these purchases based on a number of factors, including price and business and market conditions. In
connection with entering into the Merger Agreement,
the Company discontinued share repurchases under the stock
repurchase program.

Shares Authorized and Outstanding

At December 31, 2016, shareholders’ equity of Time Warner included 772 million shares of common stock (net of
880 million shares of common stock held in treasury). As of December 31, 2016, Time Warner is authorized to issue up to
750 million shares of preferred stock, up to 8.33 billion shares of common stock and up to 600 million shares of additional
series of common stock. At December 31, 2015, shareholders’ equity of Time Warner included 795 million shares of
common stock (net of 857 million shares of common stock held in treasury).

Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Comprehensive income (loss) is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and consists of Net
income and other gains and losses affecting shareholders’ equity that, under GAAP, are excluded from Net income. For
Time Warner, such items consist primarily of foreign currency translation gains (losses), unrealized gains and losses on
certain derivative financial instruments and equity securities, and changes in benefit plan obligations.

100

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following summary sets forth the activity within Other comprehensive income (loss) (millions):

Year ended December 31, 2014
Unrealized losses on foreign currency translation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized losses on securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for gains on securities realized in net income (a)
. . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized losses on benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses on benefit obligation realized in net income (b) . . .
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for derivative financial instrument gains realized in net

income (d) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year ended December 31, 2015
Unrealized losses on foreign currency translation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses on foreign currency translation realized in net

income (c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized gains on securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized losses on benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses on benefit obligation realized in net income (b) . . .
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for derivative financial instrument gains realized in net

income (d) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year ended December 31, 2016
Unrealized losses on foreign currency translation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unrealized losses on benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for losses on benefit obligation realized in net income (b) . . .
Unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Reclassification adjustment for derivative financial instrument gains realized in net

income (d) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other comprehensive loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

$

$

Pretax

(243)
(6)
(16)
(282)
30
13

(22)
(526)

(319)

5
1
(37)
33
137

(130)
(310)

(122)
(39)
104
91

(74)
(40)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Tax

(provision)

benefit

15
2
6
95
(11)
(5)

8
110

30

—
—
11
(11)
(49)

47
28

1
18
(37)
(33)

27
(24)

$

$

$

$

$

$

Net of tax

(228)
(4)
(10)
(187)
19
8

(14)
(416)

(289)

5
1
(26)
22
88

(83)
(282)

(121)
(21)
67
58

(47)
(64)

(a)
(b)

(c)
(d)

Pretax (gains) losses are included in Other loss, net.
Pretax (gains) losses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses, with the exception of a $46 million loss that is included in
Discontinued operations, net of tax for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Pretax (gains) losses are included in Gain (loss) on operating assets, net.
Pretax (gains) losses are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses, Costs of revenues and Other loss, net are as follows (millions):

Selling, general and administrative expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs of revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

2
(64)
(12)

$

(21)
(104)
(5)

(5)
(18)
1

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

101

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following summary sets forth the components of Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax (millions):

Foreign currency translation losses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net unrealized gains on securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net derivative financial instruments gains . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net unfunded/underfunded benefit obligation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

12. INCOME PER COMMON SHARE

December 31,

2016

2015

(704)
13
28
(847)
(1,510)

$

$

(583)
13
17
(893)
(1,446)

Set forth below is a reconciliation of Basic and Diluted income per common share from continuing operations

attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders (millions, except per share amounts):

Income from continuing operations attributable to Time Warner Inc.

shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income allocated to participating securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from continuing operations attributable to Time Warner Inc.

$

common shareholders — basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Average basic common shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Dilutive effect of equity awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Average diluted common shares outstanding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Antidilutive common share equivalents excluded from computation . . . . .

Income per common share from continuing operations attributable to

Time Warner Inc. common shareholders:
Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$
$

13. EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION

Equity Plans

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

$

$

3,915
(11)

3,904

780.8
11.5
792.3

5.0

$

$

3,796
(11)

3,785

814.9
14.6
829.5

5.0

3,894
(14)

3,880

863.3
19.3
882.6

1.0

5.00
4.94

$
$

4.64
4.58

$
$

4.49
4.41

The Company has one active equity plan, the Time Warner Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2013 Stock Incentive
Plan”), which was approved by the Company’s stockholders on May 23, 2013. Under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, the
Company is authorized to grant equity awards to employees and non-employee directors covering an aggregate of
approximately 36 million shares of the Company’s common stock. Stock options and RSUs have been granted to employees
and non-employee directors of the Company. Generally, stock options are granted with exercise prices equal to the fair
market value on the date of grant, vest in four equal annual installments, and expire ten years from the date of grant. RSUs
granted under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan generally vest in four equal annual installments, while RSUs granted under the
Company’s prior stock incentive plans generally vest 50% on each of the third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant.
The Company also has a PSU program for executive officers who are awarded a target number of PSUs that represent the
contingent (unfunded) right to receive shares of Company common stock at the end of a three-year performance period based
on the performance level achieved by the Company. Stock options and RSUs generally provide for accelerated vesting upon
an election to retire after reaching a specified age and years of service, as well as in certain additional circumstances for non-
employee directors.

102

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, the Company has granted special retention restricted stock
units (“Special Retention RSUs”) to certain employees of Time Warner and its divisions, including all executive officers of
Time Warner. Half of the Special Retention RSUs will vest 25% per year on each of the first four anniversaries of
February 15, 2017, and the remaining half will vest 25% per year on each of the first four anniversaries of February 15, 2018.
Pursuant to the Special Retention RSU agreements, vesting as a result of retirement is not permitted unless the employee
retires after the merger has closed. In addition, the awards do not accelerate automatically following the closing of the
merger. Instead, the employee must remain employed following the closing, and the awards will vest only upon the
scheduled vesting date or upon termination of employment under certain circumstances, such as termination without cause,
for good reason or due to retirement.

Holders of RSUs are generally entitled to receive cash dividend equivalents based on the regular quarterly cash
dividends declared and paid by the Company during the period that the RSUs are outstanding. Beginning with RSU grants
made in 2013, the dividend equivalent payment for holders of RSUs subject to a performance condition is made in cash
following the satisfaction of the performance condition. Holders of PSUs also are entitled to receive dividend equivalents
based on the regular quarterly cash dividends declared and paid by the Company during the period that the PSUs are
outstanding. The dividend equivalent payment is made in cash following the vesting of the PSUs (generally following the
end of the applicable performance period) and is based on the number of shares that vest and are paid out. Holders of stock
options do not receive dividends or dividend equivalent payments.

Upon the (i) exercise of a stock option, (ii) vesting of an RSU or (iii) vesting of a PSU, shares of Time Warner

common stock may be issued either from authorized but unissued shares or from treasury stock.

In connection with the Time Separation and in accordance with existing antidilution provisions in the Company’s
equity plans, the number of stock options, RSUs and target PSUs outstanding at the Distribution Date and the exercise prices
of such stock options were prospectively adjusted to maintain the value of those awards subsequent to the Time Separation
(the “Adjustment”). The changes in the number of shares subject to outstanding equity awards and the exercise prices were
determined by comparing the value of such awards immediately prior to the Time Separation to the value of such awards
immediately after the Time Separation. Accordingly, the number of shares subject to each equity award outstanding as of the
Distribution Date was increased by multiplying such number of shares by a factor of approximately 1.04, while the per share
exercise price of each stock option was decreased by dividing such exercise price by a factor of approximately 1.04. The
adjustments resulted in an increase of approximately 2 million shares subject to outstanding equity awards following the
Time Separation. The adjustments to the outstanding equity awards did not result in any additional compensation expense.

Other information pertaining to each category of equity-based compensation appears below.

Stock Options

The table below summarizes the weighted-average assumptions used to value stock options at their grant date and the

weighted-average grant date fair value per share:

Expected volatility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected term to exercise from grant date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Risk-free rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected dividend yield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Weighted average grant date fair value per option . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

26.0%
6.20 years
1.5%
2.6%

12.26

$

2015

25.0%
5.80 years
1.8%
1.7%

18.16

$

2014

26.6%
5.85 years
1.9%
1.7%

16.94

103

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2016:

Outstanding as of December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercised . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited or expired . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Outstanding as of December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Exercisable as of December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Number
of Options
(thousands)

$

27,742
2,263
(5,317)
(121)
24,567
18,042

Weighted-
Average
Exercise

Price

Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual

Life

(in years)

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(thousands)

42.98
62.45
32.38
41.81
47.07
37.63

4.87
3.64

$
$

1,216,194
1,063,245

As of December 31, 2016, the number, weighted-average exercise price, aggregate intrinsic value and weighted-
average remaining contractual term of the aggregate Time Warner stock options that either had vested or are expected to vest
approximate the corresponding amounts for options outstanding. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 14 million shares
of Time Warner common stock were available for future grants of stock options under the Company’s equity plan.

The following table summarizes information about stock options exercised (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Total intrinsic value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tax benefits realized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

237
172
83

$

270
165
96

402
338
143

Restricted Stock Units and Target Performance Stock Units

The following table sets forth the weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs and target PSUs. For PSUs, the
service inception date precedes the grant date and requires the Company to apply mark-to-market accounting that is reflected
in the grant date fair values presented:

RSUs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PSUs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

78.63
112.55

$

83.52
107.63

$

65.56
96.53

The following table summarizes information about unvested RSUs and target PSUs as of December 31, 2016:

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Number of
Shares/Units
(thousands)

Weighted-
Average

Grant Date
Fair Value

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

(thousands)

Unvested as of December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Granted (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Vested . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forfeited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Unvested as of December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

8,020
8,547
(4,354)
(164)
12,049

59.58
79.20
53.92
67.90
76.56

$

1,163,090

(a)

Includes 8.2 million RSUs and 0.2 million target PSUs granted during 2016 and a payout adjustment of 0.2 million PSUs due to the actual
performance level achieved for PSUs that vested during 2016.

104

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following table sets forth the total intrinsic value of RSUs and target PSUs that vested during the following years

(millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

RSUs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PSUs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

247
28

$

384
30

366
17

Equity-Based Compensation Expense

The impact on Operating income for equity-based compensation awards is as follows (millions):

Stock options . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
RSUs and PSUs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total impact on operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Tax benefit recognized . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

$

$

$

42
235
277

97

$

$

$

39
143
182

64

$

$

$

26
193
219

76

Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested Time Warner stock option awards as of December 31, 2016,
without taking into account expected forfeitures, is $53 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period between 1 and 2 years. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs and target PSUs as of
December 31, 2016, without taking into account expected forfeitures, is $621 million and is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period between 1 and 2 years.

14. BENEFIT PLANS

Time Warner Pension Plan Amendment

On August 1, 2016, the Time Warner Pension Plan was amended to provide a window for a one-time lump sum
payment for eligible vested participants who (i) had terminated employment as of May 31, 2016, (ii) had not yet commenced
payment of their benefits as of May 31, 2016, (iii) are not otherwise eligible for an immediate lump sum payment of their
benefits and (iv) have benefits with a present value of less than $50,000. Eligible participants had the opportunity to elect,
during the period beginning on August 16, 2016 and ending on October 7, 2016, to receive their benefits in the form of an
immediate lump sum payment. Certain annuity options were also available. Payments to those eligible participants who
elected to receive their benefit under the window program were made or commenced in December 2016.

105

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

A summary of activity for substantially all of Time Warner’s domestic and international defined benefit pension plans

is as follows:

Benefit Obligation (millions)

Change in benefit obligation:
Projected benefit obligation, beginning of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Service cost
Interest cost
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actuarial gain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Curtailments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remeasurement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency exchange rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Projected benefit obligation, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Plan Assets (millions)

Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Employer contributions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Benefits paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency exchange rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fair value of plan assets, end of year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

December 31,

2016

2015

3,439
4
145
(169)
(274)
—
407
(87)
3,465
3,433

$

$
$

3,694
4
147
(204)
(177)
(1)
—
(24)
3,439
3,405

December 31,

2016

2015

2,698
345
74
(274)
(105)
2,738

$

$

2,932
(84)
49
(177)
(22)
2,698

$

$
$

$

$

As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the funded status for substantially all of Time Warner’s domestic
and international defined benefit pension plans recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet reflected a net liability position
of $727 million and $741 million, respectively, primarily consisting of noncurrent liabilities of $837 million and $798
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, amounts included in Accumulated other
comprehensive loss, net were $1.335 billion and $1.402 billion, respectively, primarily consisting of net actuarial losses.

Certain defined benefit pension plans have projected benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations in excess
of their plan assets. These plans are primarily unfunded. As of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the projected
benefit obligations for unfunded plans were $414 million and $417 million, respectively, and the accumulated benefit
obligations for unfunded plans were $407 million and $410 million, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2016, the
projected benefit obligation and accumulated benefit obligation for certain funded plans exceeded the fair value of their
assets by $457 million and $455 million, respectively.

106

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs from Continuing Operations (millions)

December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Service cost (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expected return on plan assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of prior service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amortization of net loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net periodic benefit costs (b)

$

$

4
66
(64)
1
14
24
45

$

$

4
83
(90)
1
17
—
15

$

$

3
91
(95)
1
14
—
14

(a)
(b)

Amounts relate to various international benefit plans.
Excludes net periodic benefit costs related to discontinued operations of $12 million, $5 million and $3 million during the years ended December 31,
2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily related to employees and former employees of Time Inc. These amounts have been reflected in Other
loss, net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, net periodic benefit costs for the year ended December 31, 2016 also excludes $46
million of pension settlement charges related to businesses the Company previously disposed of. These amounts have been reflected in Discontinued
Operations, net of tax, in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Assumptions

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and net periodic benefit costs for the years ended

December 31:

Discount rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rate of compensation increase . . . . . . . . .
Expected long-term return on plan

assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Benefit Obligations

Net Periodic Benefit Costs

2016
3.96%
5.62%

2015
4.59%
5.45%

2014
4.10%
5.34%

2016
4.30%
5.45%

2015
4.10%
5.35%

2014
4.89%
5.59%

n/a

n/a

n/a

5.91%

5.84%

6.01%

The discount rates were determined by matching the plan’s liability cash flows to rates derived from high-quality

corporate bonds available at the measurement date.

In developing the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company considered long-term historical rates
of return, the Company’s plan asset allocations as well as the opinions and outlooks of investment professionals and
consulting firms.

107

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Fair Value of Plan Assets

The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy described in Note 6, the assets and liabilities held
including those assets related to The CW sub-plan, which were

by the Company’s defined benefit pension plans,
approximately $20 million and $18 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (millions):

Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (a) . . . . . . . . . . $
Insurance contracts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stocks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Fixed income securities:

U.S. government and agency securities

(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Non-U.S. government and agency

securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other fixed income securities (b) . . . . . .
Other investments (c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Liabilities:
Derivatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total (d) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Level 1

December 31, 2016
Level 2
Level 3

Total

Level 1

December 31, 2015
Level 2
Level 3

Total

142 $
—
165

— $ — $
15
—

—
—

142 $
15
165

81 $
—
148

— $ — $
15
—

—
—

81
15
148

200

250
—
156

62

—
952
68

—

—
—
—

262

250
952
224

191

67

106
—
— 1,147
20
138

(19)

—
913 $ 1,078 $ — $

—

(19)

1,991 $

—
664 $

(41)

1,208 $ — $

—

—
—
—

—

258

106
1,147
158

(41)
1,872

(a) As of December 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents include $17 million of cash collateral for securities on loan, and U.S. government and agency
securities include $66 million of securities collateral for securities on loan. As of December 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents include $10 million of
cash collateral for securities on loan, and U.S. government and agency securities include $59 million of securities collateral for securities on loan.

(b) Other fixed income securities primarily include investment grade corporate bonds.
(c) Other investments primarily include derivative contracts, exchange-traded funds and mutual funds.
(d) At December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total assets include $81 million and $67 million, respectively, of securities on loan. Certain investments
that are measured at fair value using the net asset value (“NAV”) per share as a practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value table
above and are as follows (millions):

Asset Category

December 31,

2016

2015

Pooled investments (e) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Commingled trust funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other investments (f) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

231
610
56

Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

897 $

357
469
67

893

(e) Pooled investments primarily consist of interests in unitized investment pools which consist of equity and fixed income securities and investments in

hedge funds.

(f) Other investments include limited partnerships, 103-12 investments and hedge funds.

108

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the defined benefit pension plans’ Level 3 assets

for the year ended December 31, 2015 (millions):

Balance at beginning of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Actual return on plan assets and liabilities:

$

Relating to securities still held at end of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Relating to securities disposed of during the period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Purchases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Settlements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Balance at end of period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

32

(6)
(5)
—
—
(53)
32
—

The Company primarily utilizes the market approach for determining recurring fair value measurements.

The Company’s defined benefit pension plans’ investment policy is to minimize the volatility of the plans’ funded
status and to achieve and maintain fully funded status in order to pay current and future participant benefits from plan assets.
The Company periodically reviews asset allocation policies consistent with its investment policy. In addition, the Company
continuously monitors the performance of its pension assets, the performance of its investment advisers, sub-advisers and
asset managers thereof, and makes adjustments and changes as required. The Company does not manage any pension assets
internally. The investment guidelines set by the Company for the investment advisers, sub-advisers and asset managers
permit the use of index funds, derivative contracts and other hedging strategies as components of portfolio management
strategies.

Under the Company’s investment policy, the asset allocation target for the funded domestic defined benefit pension
plan is approximately 40% equity investments and 60% fixed income investments. As and when funded status and market
conditions permit, the Company intends to move 5% of the fixed income investments to equity investments comprised of
growth assets for each 5% decline in the funding level until the fixed income investment allocation reaches a minimum of
50% of the plan’s assets. In addition, should funding improve over time, 5% of the growth assets would be moved to fixed
income investments for every 5% increase in funding level toward a target of approximately 20% equity investments and
80% fixed income investments to further minimize funded status volatility. The plan’s growth assets will be further
diversified over time to include real estate funds that invest in high quality properties with a small degree of leverage. Target
asset allocations for the international defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2016 are approximately 30% equity
investments, 50% fixed income investments and 20% other investments.

At both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the defined benefit pension plans’ assets did not include any

securities issued by Time Warner.

Expected cash flows

After considering the funded status of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans, movements in the discount rate,
investment performance and related tax consequences, the Company may choose to make contributions to its pension plans
in any given year. The Company made discretionary cash contributions totaling approximately $40 million to one of its
funded international defined benefit pension plans during the year ended December 31, 2016. For the Company’s unfunded
plans, contributions will continue to be made to the extent benefits are paid.

Information about the expected benefit payments for the Company’s defined benefit plans is as follows (millions):

Expected benefit payments . . . $

171

$

176

$

174

$

185

$

186

$

993

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022-2026

109

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Defined Contribution Plans

Time Warner has certain domestic and international defined contribution plans, including savings and profit sharing
plans, for which the expense amounted to $149 million in 2016, $153 million in 2015 and $160 million in 2014. The
Company’s contributions to the savings plans are primarily based on a percentage of the employees’ elected contributions
and are subject to plan provisions.

Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

In July 2013, the Company discontinued subsidized medical benefits provided to all future retirees who were employed
on December 31, 2013 and who would not have met the eligibility criteria by December 31, 2015 and effective January 1,
2014, post-65 retiree medical coverage was discontinued and eligible retirees were moved to coverage provided in the
individual health insurance market.

Time Warner also sponsors several unfunded domestic postretirement benefit plans covering certain retirees and their
dependents. For substantially all of Time Warner’s domestic postretirement benefit plans, the unfunded benefit obligation as
of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $88 million and $93 million, respectively, and the amount recognized in
Accumulated other comprehensive income, net was a gain of $19 million and $19 million, respectively. For the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the net periodic benefit costs were $1 million, $2 million and $2 million, respectively.

Multiemployer Benefit Plans

The Company contributes to various multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under the terms of collective-
bargaining agreements that cover certain of its union-represented employees, primarily at the Warner Bros. segment. The
risks of participating in these multiemployer pension plans are different from single-employer pension plans in that
(i) contributions made by the Company to the multiemployer pension plans may be used to provide benefits to employees of
other participating employers; (ii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in certain of these multiemployer pension
plans, it may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, which is referred to as a
withdrawal liability; and (iii) actions taken by a participating employer that lead to a deterioration of the financial health of a
multiemployer pension plan may result in the unfunded obligations of the multiemployer pension plan being borne by its
remaining participating employers. While no multiemployer pension plan contributed to by the Company is individually
significant, the Pension Protection Act of 2006 zone status as of December 31, 2016 (i.e., for the multiemployer pension
plan’s 2015 plan year) of all of the largest multiemployer pension plans in which the Company participates was green, which
implies that such plans are funded at a level of 80 percent or greater. Total contributions made by the Company to
multiemployer pension plans for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $128 million, $139 million and
$124 million, respectively. Included in the amounts for 2015 and 2014 are contributions of less than $1 million in each year
that Home Box Office made to the Radio, Television and Recording Arts Pension Fund (“RT&RA Plan”) under a collective
bargaining agreement that expired in October 2015. In February 2016, Home Box Office completed the negotiation of a new
collective bargaining agreement under which it is no longer be required to make contributions to the RT&RA Plan. As a
result, Home Box Office has withdrawn from the RT&RA Plan and recorded a $9 million charge in Selling, general and
administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016 for its withdrawal liability.

The Company also contributes to various other multiemployer benefit plans that provide health and welfare benefits to
active and retired participants, primarily at the Warner Bros. segment. Total contributions made by the Company to these
other multiemployer benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $194 million, $220 million
and $205 million, respectively.

110

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

15. RESTRUCTURING AND SEVERANCE COSTS

The Company’s Restructuring and severance costs primarily related to employee termination costs, ranging from
senior executives to line personnel, and other exit costs, including lease terminations and real estate consolidations.
Restructuring and severance costs expensed as incurred for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as
follows (millions):

Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total restructuring and severance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

2016 initiatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2015 initiatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2014 and prior initiatives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total restructuring and severance costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

61
49
4
3
117

$

$

58
—
1
1
60

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

114
1
2
117

$

$

— $
76
(16)
60

$

249
63
169
31
512

—
—
512
512

$

$

$

$

For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company incurred costs in connection with the 2016 initiatives of $61
million at the Turner segment, $47 million at the Home Box Office segment, $2 million at the Warner Bros. segment and $4
million at Corporate. In addition, in connection with the 2015 initiatives, the Company incurred costs of $1 million at the
Home Box Office segment. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company also incurred costs of $1 million at the
Home Box Office segment and $2 million at the Warner Bros. segment, and reversed $1 million at Corporate related to 2014
and prior initiatives. The amount recorded by the Company in 2016 for both the 2015 initiatives and the 2014 and prior
initiatives consisted of changes to estimates of previously established accruals as well as new charges related to those
initiatives.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred costs in connection with the 2015 initiatives of $58
million at the Turner segment, $15 million at the Home Box Office segment and $3 million at Corporate. In addition, in
connection with the 2014 and prior initiatives, the Company incurred costs of $1 million at the Warner Bros. segment and
reversed $15 million at the Home Box Office segment and $2 million at Corporate.

111

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Selected Information

Selected information relating to accrued restructuring and severance costs is as follows (millions):

Remaining liability as of December 31, 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net accruals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncash reductions (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remaining liability as of December 31, 2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net accruals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Foreign currency translation adjustment
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncash reductions (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remaining liability as of December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net accruals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remaining liability as of December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Employee

Terminations
180
499
(3)
(151)
525
43
(3)
(1)
(325)
239
114
(191)
162

$

$

Other Exit Costs
6
$
13
—
(10)
9
17
—
—
(12)
14
3
(8)
9

$

$

$

Total

186
512
(3)
(161)
534
60
(3)
(1)
(337)
253
117
(199)
171

(a)

Noncash reductions relate to the settlement of certain employee-related liabilities with equity instruments.

As of December 31, 2016, of the remaining $171 million liability, $114 million was classified as a current liability in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet, with the remaining $57 million classified as a long-term liability. Amounts classified as
long-term are expected to be paid through 2019.

16. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Time Warner classifies its operations into three reportable segments: Turner: consisting principally of cable networks
and digital media properties; Home Box Office: consisting principally of premium pay television and OTT services
domestically and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally; and Warner Bros.: consisting
principally of television, feature film, home video and videogame production and distribution. Time Warner’s reportable
segments have been determined in accordance with its internal management structure and the financial information that is
evaluated regularly by the Company’s chief operating decision maker.

In the ordinary course of business, Time Warner’s reportable segments enter into transactions with one another. The
most common types of intersegment transactions include the Warner Bros. segment generating revenues by licensing
television and theatrical programming to the Turner and Home Box Office segments. While intersegment transactions are
treated like third-party transactions to determine segment performance, the revenues (and corresponding expenses or assets
recognized by the segment that is the counterparty to the transaction) are eliminated in consolidation and, therefore, do not
affect consolidated results.

112

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Information as to the Revenues, intersegment revenues, depreciation of property, plant, and equipment, Amortization
of intangible assets, Operating Income (Loss), Assets and Capital expenditures for each of Time Warner’s reportable
segments is set forth below (millions):

Revenues
Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intersegment eliminations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Intersegment Revenues
Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total intersegment revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Supplemental Revenue Data
Subscription . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Advertising . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Content . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment
Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total depreciation of property, plant and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . .

Amortization of Intangible Assets
Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total amortization of intangible assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

113

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

11,364
5,890
13,037
(973)
29,318

$

$

10,596
5,615
12,992
(1,085)
28,118

$

$

10,396
5,398
12,526
(961)
27,359

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

108
(9)
874
973

$

$

105
40
940
1,085

$

$

101
36
824
961

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

11,014
4,696
12,935
673
29,318

$

$

10,153
4,569
12,771
625
28,118

$

$

9,945
4,502
12,350
562
27,359

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

(191)
(74)
(188)
(26)
(479)

$

$

(193)
(81)
(197)
(21)
(492)

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

(17)
(14)
(159)
(190)

$

$

(16)
(14)
(159)
(189)

$

$

(209)
(77)
(218)
(27)
(531)

(16)
(14)
(172)
(202)

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Operating Income (Loss)
Turner
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Intersegment eliminations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

4,372
1,917
1,734
(498)
22
7,547

$

$

4,087
1,878
1,416
(367)
(149)
6,865

$

$

2,954
1,786
1,159
(73)
149
5,975

Assets
Turner . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

December 31,

2016

2015

26,317
14,636
21,550
3,463
65,966

$

$

25,559
14,314
20,699
3,276
63,848

Capital Expenditures
Turner
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Home Box Office . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Warner Bros.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total capital expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

196
98
86
52
432

$

$

157
68
122
76
423

$

$

173
58
206
37
474

Long-lived hard assets located outside the United States, which represent less than 2% of total assets at December 31,

2016, are not material. Revenues in different geographical areas are as follows (millions):

Revenues (a)
United States and Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Europe (b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asia/Pacific Rim . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Latin America . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
All Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

20,970
4,557
1,992
1,413
386
29,318

$

$

20,426
4,485
1,619
1,284
304
28,118

$

$

19,102
4,684
1,711
1,575
287
27,359

(a)
(b)

Revenues are attributed to region based on location of customer.
Revenues in EuroZone countries comprise approximately 51%, 49% and 48% of Revenues in Europe for the years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.

114

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

17. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Commitments

Time Warner has commitments under certain network programming, film licensing, creative talent, employment and

other agreements aggregating $39.973 billion at December 31, 2016.

The Company also has commitments for office space, studio facilities and operating equipment. Time Warner’s net
rent expense was $324 million in 2016, $333 million in 2015 and $358 million in 2014. Included in such amounts was
sublease income of $10 million for 2016, $15 million for 2015 and $33 million for 2014.

The commitments under certain programming, film licensing, talent and other agreements (“Programming and Other”)
and minimum rental commitments under noncancelable long-term operating leases (“Operating Leases”) payable during the
next five years and thereafter are as follows (millions):

2017 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2018 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2019 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2021 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thereafter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

6,577
4,713
3,918
3,674
3,458
17,633
39,973

$

$

310
285
146
91
63
259
1,154

Programming

and Other

Operating

Leases

Additionally, as of December 31, 2016, the Company has future sublease income arrangements of $16 million, which

are not included in Operating Leases in the table above.

Contingent Commitments

The Company also has certain contractual arrangements that would require it to make payments or provide funding if
certain circumstances occur (“contingent commitments”). Contingent commitments principally include amounts that could
be paid in connection with guarantees provided by the Company and post-production term advance obligations on certain co-
financing arrangements.

The following table summarizes the Company’s contingent commitments at December 31, 2016. For post-production
term advances where payment obligations are outside the Company’s control, the timing of amounts presented in the table
represents the earliest period in which the payment could be requested. For other contingent commitments, the timing of
amounts presented in the table represents when the maximum contingent commitment will expire, but does not mean that the
Company expects to incur an obligation to make any payments within that time period. In addition, amounts presented do not
reflect the effects of any indemnification rights the Company might possess (millions).

Nature of Contingent Commitments
Guarantees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Post-production term advance obligations

and other contingent commitments . . . . .
Total contingent commitments . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

Total

2017

2018-2019

2020-2021

Thereafter

2,113

1,021
3,134

$

$

136

46
182

$

$

614

430
1,044

$

$

612

545
1,157

$

$

751

—
751

115

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

The following is a description of the Company’s contingent commitments at December 31, 2016:

• Guarantees consist of the guarantee of certain debt issued by CME, an equity method investee, the Six Flags

arrangement described below, and guarantees the Company has provided on operating lease commitments.

Six Flags

In connection with the Company’s former investment in the Six Flags theme parks located in Georgia and Texas
(collectively, the “Parks”), in 1997, certain subsidiaries of the Company (including Historic TW and, in connection
with the separation of Time Warner Cable Inc. in 2009, Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.) agreed to guarantee (the
“Six Flags Guarantee”) certain obligations of the partnerships that hold the Parks (the “Partnerships”) for the benefit
of the limited partners in such Partnerships, including: annual payments made at the Parks or to the limited partners
and additional obligations at the end of the respective terms for the Partnerships in 2027 and 2028 (the “Guaranteed
Obligations”). The aggregate undiscounted estimated future cash flow requirements covered by the Six Flags
Guarantee over the remaining term (through 2028) are $891 million (for a net present value of $433 million). To date,
no payments have been made by the Company pursuant to the Six Flags Guarantee.

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (formerly known as Six Flags, Inc. and Premier Parks Inc.) (“Six Flags”),
which has the controlling interest in the Parks, has agreed, pursuant to a subordinated indemnity agreement (the
“Subordinated Indemnity Agreement”), to guarantee the performance of the Guaranteed Obligations when due and to
indemnify Historic TW, among others, if the Six Flags Guarantee is called upon. If Six Flags defaults in its
indemnification obligations, Historic TW has the right to acquire control of the managing partner of the Parks. Six
Flags’ obligations to Historic TW are further secured by its interest in all limited partnership units held by Six Flags.

Because the Six Flags Guarantee existed prior to December 31, 2002 and no modifications to the arrangements
have been made since the date the guarantee came into existence, the Company is required to continue to account for
the Guaranteed Obligations as a contingent liability. Based on its evaluation of the current facts and circumstances
surrounding the Guaranteed Obligations and the Subordinated Indemnity Agreement, the Company is unable to
predict the loss, if any, that may be incurred under the Guaranteed Obligations, and no liability for the arrangements
has been recognized at December 31, 2016. Because of the specific circumstances surrounding the arrangements and
the fact that no active or observable market exists for this type of financial guarantee, the Company is unable to
determine a current fair value for the Guaranteed Obligations and related Subordinated Indemnity Agreement.

•

Post-production term advance obligations and other contingent commitments primarily include contingent
payments for post-production term advance obligations on certain co-financing arrangements, as well as letters of
credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds, which generally support performance and payments for a wide range of
global contingent and firm obligations,
litigation appeals, real estate leases and other
operational needs.

including insurance,

Programming Licensing Backlog

the recognition of

Programming licensing backlog represents the amount of future revenues not yet recorded from cash contracts for the
licensing of theatrical and television product for pay cable, basic cable, network and syndicated television and OTT
exhibition. Because backlog generally relates to contracts for the licensing of theatrical and television product that have
already been produced,
is principally dependent on the
commencement of the availability period for telecast under the terms of the related licensing agreement. Cash licensing fees
are collected periodically over the term of the related licensing agreements. Backlog was approximately $6.8 billion and $6.3
billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Included in these amounts is licensing of film product from the Warner
Bros. segment to the Turner segment in the amount of $942 million and $619 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively and to the Home Box Office segment in the amount of $689 million and $737 million at December 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Certain filmed entertainment licensing contracts provide for additional revenues to be earned, and cash
collected, based on the delivery of advertising spots to third parties. Backlog excludes estimates of such amounts.

revenue for such completed product

116

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Contingencies

In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in or parties to various legal claims,
actions and proceedings. These claims, actions and proceedings are at varying stages of investigation, arbitration or
adjudication, and involve a variety of areas of law.

On April 4, 2007, the National Labor Relations Board (“NLRB”) issued a complaint against CNN America Inc. (“CNN
America”) and Team Video Services, LLC (“Team Video”) related to CNN America’s December 2003 and January 2004
terminations of its contractual relationships with Team Video, under which Team Video had provided electronic news
gathering services in Washington, D.C. and New York, NY. The National Association of Broadcast Employees and
Technicians, under which Team Video’s employees were unionized, initially filed charges of unfair labor practices with the
NLRB in February 2004, alleging that CNN America and Team Video were joint employers, that CNN America was a
successor employer to Team Video, and/or that CNN America discriminated in its hiring practices to avoid becoming a
successor employer or due to specific individuals’ union affiliation or activities. In the complaint, the NLRB sought, among
other things, the reinstatement of certain union members and monetary damages. On November 19, 2008, the presiding
NLRB Administrative Law Judge (“ALJ”) issued a non-binding recommended decision and order finding CNN America
liable. On September 15, 2014, a three-member panel of the NLRB affirmed the ALJ’s decision and adopted the ALJ’s order
with certain modifications. On November 12, 2014, both CNN America and the NLRB General Counsel filed motions with
the NLRB for reconsideration of the panel’s decision. On March 20, 2015, the NLRB granted the NLRB General Counsel’s
motion for reconsideration to correct certain inadvertent errors in the panel’s decision, and it denied CNN America’s motion
for reconsideration. On July 9, 2015, CNN America filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C.
Circuit regarding the panel’s decision and the denial of CNN America’s motion for reconsideration.

The Company establishes an accrued liability for legal claims when the Company determines that a loss is both
probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Once established, accruals are adjusted from time to time,
as appropriate, in light of additional information. The amount of any loss ultimately incurred in relation to matters for which
an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued for such matters.

The Company has estimated a range of possible loss for legal claims for which the Company has determined a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, including the matter disclosed above. The Company believes the estimate of the aggregate
range of possible loss for such matters in excess of accrued liabilities is between $0 and $100 million at December 31, 2016.
The estimated aggregate range of possible loss is subject to significant judgment and a variety of assumptions. The matters
represented in the estimated aggregate range of possible loss will change from time to time and actual results may vary
significantly from the current estimate.

In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation and claims, the Company often cannot predict
what the eventual outcome of the pending matters will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be,
or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter may be. An adverse outcome in one or more of
these matters could be material to the Company’s results of operations or cash flows for any particular reporting period.

117

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company has entered into certain transactions in the ordinary course of business with unconsolidated investees
accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The transactions that generate revenue and expenses primarily relate to
the licensing by the Warner Bros. segment of content to The CW broadcast network, Hulu and certain international networks,
including networks owned by CME. Transactions that generate interest income and other income primarily relate to
financing transactions with CME. Receivables due from related parties were $265 million and $157 million at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. Payables due to related parties were immaterial at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Amounts included in the consolidated financial statements resulting from transactions with related parties consist of
(millions):

Revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

569
(3)
120
14

$

390
(5)
126
17

404
(8)
62
16

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

19. ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Additional financial information with respect to cash payments and receipts, Interest expense, net, Other loss, net,

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and Other noncurrent liabilities is as follows (millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

Cash Flows
Cash payments made for interest . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest income received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash interest payments, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Cash payments made for income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax refunds received . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
TWC tax sharing payments (a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash tax payments, net
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

(1,391)
141
(1,250)

(935)
136
—
(799)

$

$

$

$

(1,262)
35
(1,227)

(1,135)
142
(4)
(997)

$

$

$

$

(1,274)
50
(1,224)

(1,602)
108
—
(1,494)

(a)

Represents net amounts paid to TWC in accordance with a tax sharing agreement with TWC.

118

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued)

TIME WARNER INC.

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

227
(1,388)
(1,161)

$

$

219
(1,382)
(1,163)

$

$

184
(1,353)
(1,169)

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

$

$

$

$

$

$

(31)
(123)
(72)
(30)
(256)

$

$

30
(153)
—
(4)
(127)

December 31,

2016

2015

527
1,878
2,525
776
1,004
320
162
7,192

$

$

653
1,946
2,455
679
957
341
157
7,188

December 31,

2016

2015

1,567
1,780
827
954
491
722
6,341

$

$

1,535
1,512
816
908
471
556
5,798

Interest Expense, Net
Interest income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Interest expense . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total interest expense, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Other Loss, Net
Investment gains (losses), net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Loss on equity method investees . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other loss, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

148
(283)
(1,008)
(48)
(1,191)

Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
Accounts payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other accrued expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Participations payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Programming costs payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued interest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Accrued income taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Other Noncurrent Liabilities
Noncurrent tax and interest reserves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Participations payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Programming costs payable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Noncurrent pension and post-retirement liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Deferred compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other noncurrent liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

119

MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

TIME WARNER INC.

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements.

Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company’s management
and board of directors regarding the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes self-monitoring mechanisms and
actions taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. Because of the inherent limitations in any internal control, no
matter how well designed, misstatements may occur and not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, even effective internal
control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
Further, the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date, and
continued effectiveness in future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may decline.

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s system of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2016 based on the framework set forth in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on its evaluation,
management concluded that, as of December 31, 2016, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on the specified criteria.

The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by the Company’s

independent auditor, Ernst & Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report at page 122 herein.

120

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TIME WARNER INC.

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Time Warner Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Time Warner Inc. (“Time Warner”) as of December 31,
2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the Supplementary Information and
Financial Statement Schedule II listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements, supplementary information and
schedule are the responsibility of Time Warner’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements, supplementary information and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
position of Time Warner at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related Supplementary Information and Financial Statement Schedule, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
Time Warner’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) and our report dated February 23, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

New York, New York

February 23, 2017

121

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TIME WARNER INC.

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Time Warner Inc.

We have audited Time Warner Inc.’s (“Time Warner”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the “COSO criteria”). Time Warner’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Time Warner’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, Time Warner maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the consolidated balance sheet of Time Warner as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016
of Time Warner and our report dated February 23, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

New York, New York

February 23, 2017

122

TIME WARNER INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The selected financial information set forth below for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016
has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and other financial
information presented elsewhere herein. The selected financial information set forth below for the years ended December 31,
2013 and December 31, 2012 has been derived from audited financial statements not included herein. Capitalized terms are
as defined and described in the consolidated financial statements or elsewhere herein.

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

(millions, except per share amounts)

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

28,118
6,865
3,832

3,796
37
3,833

4.64
0.05
4.69

4.58
0.04
4.62

814.9
829.5

2,155
63,848
198
23,594
23,619
47,411

1.40

$

$

$

$

$

$

27,359
5,975
3,827

3,894
(67)
3,827

4.49
(0.07)
4.42

4.41
(0.07)
4.34

863.3
882.6

2,618
63,146
1,118
21,263
24,476
46,857

1.27

$

$

$

$

$

$

26,461
6,268
3,691

3,354
337
3,691

3.63
0.36
3.99

3.56
0.36
3.92

920.0
942.6

1,816
67,890
66
19,952
29,904
49,922

1.15

25,325
5,498
2,922

2,666
259
2,925

2.77
0.28
3.05

2.73
0.27
3.00

954.4
976.3

2,760
67,984
749
18,975
29,796
49,520

1.04

Selected Operating Statement

Information:

Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Amounts attributable to Time Warner Inc.

shareholders:

Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Per share information attributable to

Time Warner Inc. common shareholders:

Basic income per common share

from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Basic net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Diluted income per common share

from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $

Discontinued operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . $
Average common shares:

Basic . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Selected Balance Sheet Information:
Cash and equivalents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $
Total assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Debt due within one year . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Long-term debt
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Time Warner Inc. shareholders’ equity . . . . . . . . . . .
Total capitalization at book value . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividends declared per share of

common stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

29,318
7,547
3,925

3,915
11
3,926

5.00
0.01
5.01

4.94
0.02
4.96

780.8
792.3

1,539
65,966
1,947
22,392
24,335
48,674

1.61

123

TIME WARNER INC.

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

(Unaudited)

The following table sets forth the quarterly information for Time Warner:

$

2016
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to Time Warner Inc.

shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Per share information attributable to Time Warner

Inc. common shareholders:

Basic income per common share from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted income per common share from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Basic net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided by operations from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock — high . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock — low . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividends declared per share of common

stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Quarter Ended

March 31,

June 30,

September 30,
(millions, except per share amounts)

December 31,

$

7,308
1,996
1,174
40
1,214

1,214

1.48

1.46
1.53
1.51

757
72.82
60.07

6,952
1,846
951
—
951

952

1.21

1.20
1.21
1.20

1,216
77.02
69.21

$

$

7,167
2,014
1,472
(5)
1,467

1,467

1.89

1.87
1.89
1.86

1,571
81.05
73.85

7,891
1,691
317
(24)
293

293

0.41

0.40
0.37
0.37

1,139
96.74
78.57

0.4025

0.4025

0.4025

0.4025

124

TIME WARNER INC.

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

(Unaudited)

$

2015
Total revenues . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income from continuing operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Discontinued operations, net of tax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Net income attributable to Time Warner Inc.

shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Per share information attributable to Time Warner

Inc. common shareholders:

Basic income per common share from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Diluted income per common share from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Basic net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Diluted net income per common share . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash provided by operations from continuing

operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock — high . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Common stock — low . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Cash dividends declared per share of common

stock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Quarter Ended

March 31,

June 30,

September 30,
(millions, except per share amounts)

December 31,

$

7,127
1,786
933
37
970

970

1.12

1.10
1.17
1.15

1,009
87.89
77.93

$

7,348
1,859
971
—
971

971

1.18

1.16
1.18
1.16

791
88.31
82.80

$

6,564
1,834
1,034
—
1,034

1,035

1.27

1.26
1.27
1.26

1,201
91.01
66.46

7,079
1,386
857
—
857

857

1.07

1.06
1.07
1.06

850
77.30
63.41

0.3500

0.3500

0.3500

0.3500

125

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS

The chart below compares the performance of the Company’s Common Stock with the performance of the S&P 500
Index and a peer group index from December 31, 2011 through December 31, 2016. The peer group index includes CBS
Corporation (Class B), Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (Class A), Viacom Inc. (Class B) and The Walt Disney Company.

In accordance with SEC rules, the Company constructed the peer group index with which to compare its stock
performance because there is not a relevant published industry or line-of-business index. The peer group index reflects the
Company’s selection of media and entertainment companies that have lines of business similar to its own. Some of these
companies are engaged in businesses in which the Company did not participate as of December 31, 2016.

The chart assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2011 in each of the Company’s Common Stock, the S&P 500
Index and the peer group index and reflects the reinvestment of dividends and distributions and semi-annual market
capitalization weighting. The Company paid a quarterly dividend of (i) $0.2600 per share in 2012, (ii) $0.2875 per share in
2013, (iii) $0.3175 per share in 2014, (iv) $0.3500 per share in 2015 and (v) $0.4025 per share in 2016.

Comparison of Cumulative Total Returns

$350

$300

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0

Dec 2011

Jun 2012

Dec 2012

Jun 2013

Dec 2013

Jun 2014

Dec 2014

Jun 2015

Dec 2015

Jun 2016

Dec 2016

Time Warner Inc.

S&P 500 Index

Peer Group Index

Value at
December 31, 2011 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
June 30, 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
December 31, 2012 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
June 30, 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
December 31, 2013 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
June 30, 2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
December 31, 2014 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
June 30, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
December 31, 2015 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
June 30, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
December 31, 2016 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Company

Common Stock

S&P 500 Index

Peer Group Index

$100
109
116
132
154
165
175
177
177
184
198

$100
123
135
172
215
228
240
260
231
223
239

$100
108
136
166
202
214
262
271
202
233
308

126

RECONCILIATIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION

Set forth below are definitions of the non-GAAP financial measures referred to in A Message from Chairman and CEO
included in this Annual Report to Shareholders and reconciliations of such non-GAAP financial measures to the most
directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

“Adjusted Operating Income” is Operating Income excluding the impact of: noncash impairments of goodwill,
intangible and fixed assets; gains and losses on operating assets (other than deferred gains on sale-leasebacks); gains and
losses recognized in connection with pension and other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or settlements; external costs
related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions (including restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions), as
well as contingent consideration related to such transactions, to the extent such costs are expensed; amounts related to
securities litigation and government investigations; and the foreign currency loss during the three months ended March 31,
2015, related to the translation of net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from the Company’s
change to the Simadi exchange rate during the quarter ended March 31, 2015.

Beginning with periods ending on or after October 1, 2016, Adjusted Operating Income (Loss) is defined as Operating
Income (Loss) excluding the impact of: noncash impairments of goodwill, intangible and fixed assets; gains and losses on
operating assets (other than deferred gains on sale-leasebacks); gains and losses recognized in connection with pension and
other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or settlements; costs related to the pending acquisition by AT&T (including
retention, restructuring and severance costs associated with the transaction); external costs related to mergers, acquisitions or
dispositions (including restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions), as well as contingent consideration
related to such transactions, to the extent such costs are expensed; amounts related to securities litigation and government
investigations; and the foreign currency loss during the three months ended March 31, 2015 related to the translation of net
monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from the Company’s change to the Simadi exchange rate
during the quarter ended March 31, 2015.

“Adjusted EPS” is Diluted Income per Common Share from Continuing Operations attributable to Time Warner Inc.
common shareholders with the following items excluded from Income from Continuing Operations attributable to Time
Warner Inc. common shareholders: noncash impairments of goodwill, intangible and fixed assets and investments; gains and
losses on operating assets (other than deferred gains on sale-leasebacks), liabilities (including extinguishments of debt) and
investments, in each case including associated costs of the transaction; gains and losses recognized in connection with
pension and other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or settlements; external costs related to mergers, acquisitions,
investments or dispositions (including restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions), as well as contingent
consideration related to such transactions, to the extent such costs are expensed; amounts related to securities litigation and
government investigations; the foreign currency loss during the three months ended March 31, 2015, related to the translation
of net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from the Company’s change to the Simadi exchange
rate during the quarter ended March 31, 2015; and amounts attributable to businesses classified as discontinued operations;
as well as the impact of taxes and noncontrolling interests on the above items and the Company’s share of the above items
with respect to equity method investments.

Beginning with periods ending on or after October 1, 2016, Adjusted EPS is Diluted Income per Common Share from
Continuing Operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders with the following items excluded from
Income from Continuing Operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders: noncash impairments of
goodwill, intangible and fixed assets and investments; gains and losses on operating assets (other than deferred gains on sale-
leasebacks), liabilities (including extinguishments of debt) and investments, in each case including associated costs of the
transaction; gains and losses recognized in connection with pension and other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or
settlements; costs related to the pending acquisition by AT&T (including retention, restructuring and severance costs
associated with the transaction); external costs related to mergers, acquisitions, investments or dispositions (including
restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions), as well as contingent consideration related to such
transactions, to the extent such costs are expensed; amounts related to securities litigation and government investigations; the
foreign currency loss during the three months ended March 31, 2015 related to the translation of net monetary assets
denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from the Company’s change to the Simadi exchange rate during the quarter
ended March 31, 2015; and amounts attributable to businesses classified as discontinued operations; as well as the impact of
taxes and noncontrolling interests on the above items and the Company’s share of the above items with respect to equity
method investments.

127

Reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Income to Operating Income
(millions; unaudited)

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

Adjusted Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss(1)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs related to the AT&T merger . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Operating Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 7,601
(43)
78
—
(42)
(47)
$ 7,547

$ 6,923
(25)
(1)
(22)
—
(10)
$ 6,865

(1)

(2)

Venezuelan foreign currency loss during 2015 related to the translation of net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from
the Company’s change to the Simadi exchange rate during the quarter ended March 31, 2015.
Other includes gains and losses recognized in connection with pension and other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or settlements; external
costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions (including restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions); and amounts related to
securities litigation and government investigations.

Reconciliation of Adjusted EPS to Diluted Income Per Common Share from Continuing Operations Attributable to
Time Warner Inc. Common Shareholders
(unaudited)

Diluted income per common share from continuing operations attributable to Time Warner Inc.

common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Less Impact of items affecting comparability on diluted income per common share from continuing
operations attributable to Time Warner Inc. common shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Adjusted EPS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ 4.94

$ 4.58

(0.92)
$ 5.86

(0.17)
$ 4.75

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

128

Summary of Items Affecting Comparability
(millions; unaudited)

Items Affecting Comparability
Asset impairments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gain (loss) on operating assets, net . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Venezuelan foreign currency loss(1)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Costs related to the AT&T merger . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other operating income items(2)
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Gains (losses) on investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Other

Amounts related to the separation or disposition of former Time Warner segments . . . . . . . . . . . .
Premiums paid and costs incurred on debt redemption . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Items affecting comparability relating to equity method investments(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total other . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Total of above items affecting comparability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Income tax impact of above items . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Impact of items affecting comparability on income from continuing operations attributable to

Year Ended December 31,

2016

2015

$

(43)
78
—
(42)
(47)
148

(19)
(1,008)
(136)
(1,163)
(1,069)
343

$

(25)
(1)
(22)
—
(10)
(31)

(17)
(72)
(27)
(116)
(205)
57

Time Warner Inc. shareholders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

$ (726)

$ (148)

(1)

(2)

(3)

Venezuelan foreign currency loss during 2015 related to the translation of net monetary assets denominated in Venezuelan currency resulting from
the Company’s change to the Simadi exchange rate during the quarter ended March 31, 2015.
Other operating income items includes gains and losses recognized in connection with pension and other postretirement benefit plan curtailments or
settlements; external costs related to mergers, acquisitions or dispositions (including restructuring and severance costs associated with dispositions);
and amounts related to securities litigation and government investigations.
Items affecting comparability relating to equity method investments include Time Warner’s share of noncash impairments, noncash losses on
extinguishment of debt, losses related to discontinued operations, gain on issuance of stock and expenses related to government investigations
recorded by an equity method investee.

129

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

INVESTOR INFORMATION

SHAREHOLDER SERVICES

COMMON STOCK

Registered shareholders (who hold shares in their name) with 
questions or seeking services, including change of address, lost 
stock certiﬁcate, transfer of stock to another person and other 
administrative services, should contact Time Warner’s Transfer 
Agent at:

Time Warner Inc. common stock is listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “TWX.”

INDEPENDENT  
AUDITORS

Ernst & Young LLP

As of March 31, 2017, there were approximately 775 
million shares outstanding and approximately 14,500 
shareholders of record. 

TIME WARNER INC.  
CONTACT INFORMATION

Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
P.O. Box 30170 
College Station, TX 77842 
800-254-5193 or 
781-575-2879 (for international callers) 
website: www.computershare.com

2016 Stock Price Performance

High: 
Low: 
Close (12/30/16): 

$ 
$ 
$ 

96.74 
60.07  
96.53

Beneﬁcial shareholders (who hold their shares through brokers) 
should contact their brokers directly on all administrative 
matters.

CORPORATE PUBLICATIONS

Copies of Time Warner’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2016 (excluding exhibits thereto) are 
available without charge upon written request to Time Warner 
Inc., One Time Warner Center, New York, NY 10019-8016, Attn: 
Investor Relations; by e-mailing ir@timewarner.com or by calling 
toll-free 866-INFO-TWX. The Annual Report on Form 10-K 
and Time Warner’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as 
certain other documents ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, are available via the company’s website at www.
timewarner.com/investors and on the SEC’s website at www.
sec.gov. Copies of the Annual Report to Shareholders are also 
available via the company’s website.

PUBLICLY ISSUED DEBT SECURITIES

For a list of the company’s publicly issued debt 
securities and trustee information, please refer to 
the stock & debt securities information section of the 
company’s website: www.timewarner.com/investors.

ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on 
Thursday, June 15, 2017, beginning at 9:30 a.m. local 
time. The meeting will take place at Warner Bros. 
Studios, 4000 Warner Boulevard, Burbank, California 
91522.

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

Approximately 25,000 worldwide at  
December 31, 2016.

Corporate Headquarters  
Time Warner Inc. 
One Time Warner Center 
New York, NY 10019-8016 
212-484-8000 
Time Warner Corporate 
website:  
www.timewarner.com

INVESTOR RELATIONS

Time Warner Inc.  
One Time Warner Center 
New York, NY 10019-8016 
866-INFO-TWX 
e-mail: ir@timewarner.com

MEDIA RELATIONS

Time Warner Inc.  
One Time Warner Center 
New York, NY 10019-8016 
212-484-7482

CAUTION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS

This document contains “forward-looking statements” within 
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. These statements are based on management’s current 
expectations or beliefs and are subject to uncertainty and 
changes in circumstances. Actual results may vary materially 
from those expressed or implied by the statements herein due 
to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological, 
strategic and/or regulatory factors and other factors affecting 
the operation of the businesses of Time Warner. More detailed 
information about these factors may be found in ﬁlings by Time 
Warner with the SEC, including its most recent Annual Report 
on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
Time Warner is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims 
any such obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events 
or otherwise.

TRADEMARK INFORMATION

All trademarks and service marks referenced herein 
are owned by the respective trademark or service mark 
owners. ©2017 Time Warner Inc. Published 2017.

SIGN UP TO RECEIVE SHAREHOLDER  
DOCUMENTS VIA E-MAIL

We urge you to register to receive future Time Warner 
shareholder materials via e-mail. If you do so, when 
the company distributes shareholder materials going 
forward, you will receive an e-mail directing you to 
these materials online. You will also be able to submit 
your proxy online.

By registering to receive shareholder mate rials via 
e-mail, you will receive information more quickly and 
in a more convenient form than through regular mail. In 
addition, sending the documents electronically helps 
Time Warner reduce printing and postage expenses 
and helps protect the environment.

For more information or to sign up for electronic 
delivery, please visit our website at  
www.timewarner.com/investors.

