TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:

in 2017, we were excited to mark another year of  

successful growth for TJX, following many successful 
years of growth over the last four decades! We surpassed  
$35 billion in sales and opened our 4,000th store,  
proud milestones for our Company. We reached the high  
end of our comparable store sales plan and exceeded  
our earnings per share expectations. We are convinced 
that we grew our market share around the world as each  
of our four major divisions delivered comparable store  
sales growth driven by customer traffic gains, which  
we view as a great way for a retailer to grow sales. Our  
outstanding values and eclectic mix of quality, branded  
merchandise continue to resonate with shoppers, and  
we  are  convinced  we  will  continue  our  successful  
growth around the world. Marmaxx, our largest divi-
sion, delivered results in line with our expectations while 
driving strong customer traffic increases through its  
two chains, T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. HomeGoods had 
another strong year, surpassing $5 billion in sales and 
launching Homesense, our second U.S. home concept. 
TJX Canada achieved excellent results at all three of 
our Canadian retail banners and further extended our 
reach in that country. TJX International met our sales  
expectations  and  beat  our  profit  plans  with  solid  
performance  in  Europe  and  terrific  sales  results  in  
Australia. We were also very pleased with the growth 
of our e-commerce businesses in the U.S. and U.K., 
which, while still small relative to our overall business, 
was significant as we added categories and brands. 

In 2017, 53-week sales reached $35.9 billion, up more 
than $2 billion over 2016. This represents sales growth  
of 8% over an increase of 7% in the prior year.  
Consolidated  comparable  store  sales  on  
a 52-week basis grew 2% over last year’s  
strong 5% increase. In our history as  
a Company, we have had an annual  
comparable  store  sales  decline  in 
only one year. Further, 2017 represents  
our  22nd  consecutive  year  of  annual  
comparable store sales increases and  
21st straight year of dividend increases.  
Our long track record of consistent growth  
speaks  to  the  power  of  our  flexible  
business model, our decades of off-price 
experience, and our collective knowledge 

across our global organization. Net income rose to $2.6  
billion  in  2017  and  adjusted  earnings  per  share  were  
$3.85, increasing 9% over the prior year and exceeding  
our  expectations.1  Importantly,  merchandise  margin 
remained strong on top of a significant increase last year. 
Overall, we grew total square footage by 4%, adding a 
net total of 258 stores, to end the fiscal year with 4,070 
stores. We are proud of our store growth, especially in a 
year when there were thousands of retail store closings. 
We are also extremely proud to employ approximately 
249,000 Associates worldwide as of year end. 

STRONGLY POSITIONED FOR CONTINUED 
SUCCESSFUL GROWTH

TJX is the largest off-price retailer of apparel and home 
fashions worldwide! Over the last 41 years, we have 
developed and grown our highly integrated, global, 
off-price retail model, infrastructure, and international 
teams. In a rapidly changing retail landscape and with 
the growth of e-commerce in general, we see TJX as 
very strongly positioned. We believe the depth of our  
off-price  knowledge  and  expertise  on  a  global  level 
is unmatched. The key advantages that differentiate 
us from so many other retailers are major reasons we 
have great confidence in our Company. Further, these 
strengths have led to consistent comparable store sales 
growth and customer traffic increases for TJX.

Our best-in-class buying organization, worldwide  
vendor universe, and international store base are  
clearly major strengths. We function as “One TJX,” 
capitalizing  on  our  global  presence  and  
leveraging talent, infrastructure, ideas, and 
expertise across all our geographies. Further,  
we are dedicated to teaching and training  
our Associates to transfer knowledge  
and  develop  the  next  generation  of  
leaders of our Company. Over the last 
four decades, we have designed our 
distribution  network,  global  supply 
chain,  and  IT  systems  to  specifically 
support  our  off-price  business  and  our 
opportunistic buying around the world. All 
of  these  strengths  afford  us  tremendous 
flexibility to buy close to need, take advantage  

3

ECLECTIC,  
EVER-CHANGING  
SELECTIONS  
To Surprise and  
Inspire Consumers

2

of  the  best  opportunities  in  the  
marketplace, and react rapidly to 
changes in consumer preferences. 
This flexibility leads to our exciting 
and eclectic, fast-changing assort-
ment of merchandise and our ability 
to ship the right products to the right 
stores at the right time, all at extraor-
dinary values.

DRIVING CUSTOMER  
TRAFFIC GAINS

Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers,  
every day! Our commitment to value has been at the  
core of our Company since day one. In today’s retail 
environment, the overall growth in the online market-
place is making our value proposition even more visible 
for consumers. Further, for us, value has always been 
about more than just price. We deliver value through a 
combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality. 
We are confident that our value proposition will continue  
to resonate with consumers and allow us to grow our 
market share around the world.

Our  world-class  buying  team  of  more  than  1,000  
Associates, with decades of off-price experience, is  
all about true value. We believe our buying organization  
is the best in retail. We are dedicated to championing  
our culture of teamwork and developing our people,  
which we believe helps us attract and retain the best 
talent.  We  have  more  than  doubled  the  size  of  our  
buying organization over the last decade-plus. The depth  
and breadth of our buyers’ knowledge allows us to offer  
fashions  and  brands  relevant  to  a  wide  customer  
demographic, including younger shoppers. Our buyers  
are constantly seeking the most exciting opportunities  
for  apparel  and  home  assortments  around  the  world. 
Further, our buyers are decision makers who can shift 
their buying dollars to capitalize on what they see as  
the hottest categories and latest fashion trends. This  
allows us to bring customers what they want, when  
they want it.  

We are convinced that our treasure hunt shopping  
experience is a tremendous draw for consumers. We  
offer an eclectic, global mix of merchandise, and with  
our rapidly turning inventories, there is always some-
thing fresh and exciting for shoppers to discover and be 

5

inspired by. We aim to surprise and  
delight  our  customers  every  time  
they  shop  us.  We  are  convinced  
that even in an environment where 
e-commerce  in  general  is  growing, 
the ability to touch and feel the mer-
chandise, shop for a wide variety of 
brands  and  items  under  one  roof, 
and take them home that same day 
holds  enduring  appeal.  Further,  in 
2017, about half of our overall sales 
were in non-clothing categories, and 
we have the ability to expand, contract, and add new 
categories based on what consumers are seeking. 

We continue upgrading our in-store experience. Our 
simple and flexible store layouts make our stores easy to 
shop, and we believe we are presenting our merchan-
dise better. In 2018, we plan to remodel approximately 
280 stores, incorporating valuable feedback from our 
customers. We are proud of our customer satisfaction 
scores, which increased overall in 2017, and remain  
focused  on  always  improving.  We  have  been  building 
the trust of our customers in their neighborhood stores 
for over four decades!

We know consumers value their time, so we aim to  
locate our stores in convenient, easy-to-access loca-
tions. In the U.S. and Canada, our stores are primarily 
located in off-mall strip centers where consumers may 
visit weekly or multiple times per week. In Europe, our 
stores are generally located on the high streets or in 
large malls. We believe these highly visible locations help 
us stay top of mind for shoppers.

We see our growing e-commerce presence as an  
important complement to our brick-and-mortar business  
and another way to keep expanding our customer base.  
Our general approach is to differentiate our online  
assortment to drive incremental sales. We continue  
to  see  our  online  customers  take  advantage  of  
returning merchandise to our stores. This encourages  
additional visits from our existing customers and  
allows  those  who  discovered  us  online  to  experi-
ence  our  treasure  hunt in a physical store. Today, we  
operate tjmaxx.com, sierratradingpost.com, and 
tkmaxx.com, and see further, long-term opportunity 
across our businesses.

OUR GLOBAL UNIVERSE  
OF VENDORS IS  
20,000+ and Growing

2

All  of  these  key  elements  continue 
to lead to customer traffic gains and 
growth  in  new  customers,  particu-
larly  millennial  shoppers,  across  
all four of our major divisions. As 
pleased as we are about our traffic 
trends, we see enormous growth 
opportunities. To encourage more 
frequent  visits  and  cross-banner 
shopping,  we  remain  focused  on 
our marketing initiatives, including  
our loyalty programs. In 2018, we  
are planning to be on television more often and will 
expand our presence on digital, mobile, and social  
media platforms. We will also continue to emphasize the 
benefits of our loyalty programs to shoppers in the U.S., 
U.K., and Canada. Further, we see ourselves as leaders 
in innovation and will continue to test new ideas and 
initiatives across the Company to drive future growth.

EXPANDING OUR VENDOR UNIVERSE 

We  see  ourselves  as  a  global  sourcing  machine! 
Our buying offices are located in 12 countries across  
four  continents.  Our  buyers  now  source  from  a  
universe of over 20,000 vendors and more than 100 
countries, and have recently added thousands of new 
brands through our growth in home, our entry into  
Australia, and the growth of e-commerce in general.  
We are extremely confident in our ability to source  
quality, branded merchandise to support our growth 
and to continue to expand our sourcing universe. In our  
history as a Company, overall availability of inventory  
has never been an issue.  

Over our long history in both the U.S. and internationally,  
we have developed some of the best, mutually ben-
eficial vendor relationships in retail. Our buyers are 
in constant contact with our vendors to find additional  
ways to do business. Our growth in new countries,  
online, and through new concepts, like Homesense 
in the U.S., allows us to open new vendor doors and 
strengthen our existing vendor relationships. The 
expansion of e-commerce overall has led to even more 
availability of merchandise and opened new vendors 
for our business. 

There are many reasons we believe we are an attrac-
tive resource for vendors. With over 4,000 stores and  

counting, in nine countries and three  
continents,  we  are  a  growing,  
successful  business  with  a  global 
presence. Our footprint around the 
world offers vendors ways to grow 
their  business  and  access  new  
markets, bringing U.S. brands inter-
nationally  or  vice  versa.  Further,  we 
can  help  brands  grow  or  penetrate 
more  markets  because  our  stores 
are  located  across  many  urban,  
suburban, and rural markets.

We  buy  merchandise  in  a  variety  of  different  
ways. Our buyers are in the marketplace throughout  
the  year  and  can  purchase  an  extremely  wide  
assortment of items, styles, and sizes, as well as very  
small to very large quantities. We believe a key reason  
vendors  like  doing  business  with  us  is  because  we  
pay promptly and our approach is to not ask for typical  
retail concessions, such as advertising, promotional,  
or return allowances.

We  are  flexible  in  our  dealings  with  vendors  and  
offer them an efficient avenue to clear merchandise. We 
offer a very wide assortment in our stores and vendors 
know that their products will be mixed in with other great 
brands. Additionally, if we sold just two units per day of a 
vendor’s product at each of our stores around the world, 
that would add up to almost three million units a year.

GROWING OUR GLOBAL STORE BASE

We see tremendous opportunity to expand our retail 
chains around the world. We believe we can increase our 
store base by more than 2,000 stores, or about 50%,  
to 6,100 stores long term. This reflects the potential  
we  see  with  just  our  current  chains  in  just  our  
current countries alone. In 2018, we expect to net  
approximately 240 new stores, which would represent 
about 6% store growth.

We continue to see meaningful growth ahead for our 
largest, most profitable division, MARMAXX. Giving us 
confidence  is  Marmaxx’s  continued  comparable  store 
sales  and  traffic  increases  in  many  different  retail  and 
economic environments. Further, new stores continue to 
achieve  our  targets  and  overall,  generate  an  attractive 
return. Marmaxx’s 1% comparable store sales increase 

7

21 Straight Years  
OF DIVIDEND INCREASES

in 2017 met the low end of our expectations, despite a 
significant negative impact from severe weather during 
the year. We remain laser-focused on driving customer 
traffic and comp sales increases and have many excit-
ing  initiatives  underway  in  2018.  Our  long-term  target 
of 3,000 stores reflects our confidence in Marmaxx and 
our ability to further penetrate existing U.S. markets. 

In 2017, HOMEGOODS celebrated its 25th anniversary!  
This division delivered 4% comparable store sales  
growth,  driven  by  customer  traffic,  and  launched  
Homesense. We see tremendous whitespace for both  
of these concepts as we believe we remain underpen- 
etrated in the U.S. home market. At HomeGoods, we  
see the long-term opportunity to grow to 1,000 stores,  
over 300 more than we have today. HomeGoods’ long  
history  of  strong  results  gives  us  confidence  in  our  
outlook. Additionally, we still have about 65 top markets  
where we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls that do not  
have a HomeGoods. At Homesense, we opened our  
first  four  stores  and  the  customer  response  was  
phenomenal! We plan to continue opening Homesense  
stores in our larger HomeGoods markets to encourage  
customers  to  shop  both  banners.  Based  on  what  
we  see  today,  we  believe  we  can  expand  the  
Homesense banner in the U.S. to about 400 stores  
over the long term.

TJX CANADA, which includes Winners, HomeSense,  
and Marshalls, had another outstanding year in 2017! 
Comparable  store  sales  increased  5%  with  all  three 
Canadian chains recording strong results and traffic  
increases. We are extremely proud to have built this  
division into the largest off-price apparel and home fash-
ions retailer in Canada by far. As a result of this division’s 
strong results and our outlook for growth, we have  
increased our long-term store potential by 
100 stores, to 600 total stores. 

Ultimately, we see the potential to grow TJX International  
to 1,100 stores in just our existing countries.

In EUROPE, we remain the only major brick-and-mortar,  
off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions and plan  
to continue capitalizing on our first-mover advantages.  
We are also focusing on growing tkmaxx.com in the 
U.K. In 2017, we rolled out “Click and Collect” to our 
T.K. Maxx stores in the U.K., allowing online purchases 
to be picked up in store. 

In AUSTRALIA, we exceeded our sales expectations  
and customer response to our launch of the T.K. Maxx  
banner in that country was terrific. Throughout the year,  
we added new brands to our stores and advertised on 
television for the first time. We plan to continue lever-
aging the strengths of TJX as we believe we can grow 
Australia significantly over the long term.

U.S. TAX REFORM

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 was beneficial to  
the  Company  in  2017.  Going  forward,  we  believe  our 
business will continue to benefit from tax reform, primar-
ily due to a lower U.S. corporate income tax rate. As a 
result, we are pleased to utilize a portion of the expected  
cash benefit to make incremental investments in our 
Associates and communities. Eligible, non-bonus plan 
Associates across each of our divisions worldwide were 
given a one-time discretionary bonus. We also made 
incremental contributions to our defined contribution 
plans around the world for eligible participants. Further, 
in the U.S., we are planning enhanced vacation benefits 
for certain Associates and are rolling out paid parental 
leave for eligible Associates. In 2017, we made signifi-
cant contributions to our charitable foundations and in 
2018, we plan to use those funds to meaning-

fully increase our charitable giving.

At TJX INTERNATIONAL, which includes 
T.K. Maxx and Homesense in Europe and 
T.K. Maxx in Australia, comparable 
store  sales  increased  2%  in  2017, 
in  line  with  our  plans.  We  like  our 
customer traffic gains and are con- 
vinced that this division captured 
market  share.  Going  forward,  
we are confident that significant  
long-term opportunity remains.  

In 2018, we are also planning to signif- 
icantly increase our shareholder distribution  
programs. In addition to the expected  
cash benefit due to U.S. tax reform, we  
plan to repatriate over $1 billion from  
Canada back to the U.S. As a result, we  
significantly increased our per-share  
dividend  and  are  planning  a  more  
substantial  share  buyback  program.  In  
addition, the tax reform benefit will allow  

us to move forward some investments in store growth, 
technology, training for our Associates, and upgrades 
to the shopping experience. We are pleased to be in a 
position to do all of this while continuing to deliver great 
value to our customers.

to support our growth. As always, our management team 
is passionate about surpassing our goals. We have a 
long-term vision for growth and believe we have the right  
strategies in place to grow TJX around the globe, for 
today and the future!

FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND  
SHAREHOLDER DISTRIBUTIONS

Our financial strength and flexibility give us great confi-
dence in our ability to continue driving profitable growth. 
Our strong financial returns and cash generation allow 
us to simultaneously invest in the growth of the busi-
ness and return cash to shareholders. Our disciplined 
approach  to  capital  allocation  resulted  in  a  strong  
return on invested capital in 2017.2 Our “A+” S&P Global  
rating is one of the strongest in retail and is an important  
metric for our vendors, landlords, and other business 
associates. In 2017, we generated $3.0 billion in cash 
from  operations  and  spent  a  total  of  $1.7  billion  to  
repurchase stock, retiring 22.3 million shares. Further, 
we increased the per-share dividend by 20%, marking 
our 21st straight year of dividend increases.

We remain committed to maintaining our strong credit  
rating and continuing our dividend and share buyback  
programs. Again, U.S. tax reform has allowed us to  
further increase our shareholder distributions in 2018.  
In April 2018, our Board of Directors approved a 25%  
increase  in  the  per-share  dividend,  which  represents 
the 22nd consecutive year of dividend increases. Over 
this period of time, our Company’s dividend has risen at 
a compound annual rate of 23%. Further, in 2018, we  
expect to repurchase approximately $2.5 to $3.0 billion 
of TJX stock. These actions underscore our confidence 
in our ability to continue delivering strong, profitable sales 
and cash flows, and generate excellent financial returns. 

2018 OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIC VISION

Our  focus  remains  on  increasing  market  share  while 
delivering profitable growth to our shareholders. We have  
many initiatives underway to drive consumers to our  
stores  and  grow  our  customer  base  in  the  U.S.  and 
internationally. In 2018, we are planning our total sales 
and comparable store sales growth similar to prior years. 
Our earnings per share estimates reflect a significant 
benefit from U.S. tax reform as well as continued head-
winds due to wage increases and expected investments 

10

OUR GRATITUDE

We  would  like  to  express  our  sincere  appreciation  to  
Michael MacMillan, Senior Executive Vice President, 
Group President, who decided to retire from TJX earlier 
this year. In his 30-plus year tenure with TJX, Michael 
served as President of Marmaxx, TJX Canada, and TJX 
Europe, as well as in several other senior roles. Michael’s 
vision, worldly perspective, and leadership skills have 
been a great part of TJX’s success. We would like to  
extend our deepest gratitude for his dedication and com-
mitment to our Company and wish him our very best.

We would also like to express our sincerest gratitude 
to our Associates around the globe for their hard work 
and dedication. We are particularly proud of our TJX  
culture, which promotes our core values of honesty,  
integrity, and treating each other with dignity and respect.  
Additionally, we are grateful to our new and existing  
customers for their patronage. Finally, we thank our fellow  
shareholders, vendors, and other business associates  
for their ongoing support.

Respectfully,

Carol Meyrowitz
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN  
OF THE BOARD

Ernie Herrman
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND PRESIDENT

1FY18 adjusted EPS of $3.85 excludes a $0.17 per share net benefit due to items 
related to 2017 tax reform, including the incremental investments in Associates 
and communities described above, an estimated $0.11 per share benefit from the 
53rd week, and a $0.10 per share impairment charge related to Sierra Trading 
Post from GAAP EPS of $4.04. 2Using a definition commonly used by analysts, 
return on invested capital is tax-affected earnings before interest and tax (EBIT), 
assuming a normalized tax rate of 36.9%, divided by average invested capital 
during that period. This differs from our internal definition.

