ANNUAL REPORT 2017

US Foods® is one of America’s great food 
companies and a leading foodservice distributor, 
teaming up with approximately 250,000 
restaurants and foodservice operators to 
help their businesses succeed. With 25,000 
dedicated employees and more than 60 locations 
nationwide, US Foods provides its customers 
with a broad and innovative food offering and a 
comprehensive suite of e-commerce, technology 
and business solutions.

0 2

U S   F O O D S   A N N U A L   R E P O R T   2 0 1 7

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   2

3/6/18   6:51 AM

Our Promise to CustomersWE HELP YOU MAKE IT.™Our StrategyGREAT FOOD. MADE EASY.™TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

2017 was a terrific year for US Foods®. Through the execution of our GREAT FOOD. MADE EASY.™ 
strategy, we delivered strong financial performance and positioned ourselves for long-term success. 

Fiscal 2017 Highlights
In fiscal 2017, we delivered on our 
financial commitments to increase case 
volume, expand gross profit dollars and 
grow adjusted EBITDA. Our financial 
highlights* included:

•  Grew total case volume by almost 3% 

and delivered full-year net sales of  
$24 billion

•  Increased independent restaurant case 
volume by 5%, including organic case 
growth nearly twice the estimated  
market rate 

•  Expanded our operating leverage 

by growing gross profit dollars at a 
significantly faster rate than operating 
expenses

•  Increased net income to $444 million  

and grew adjusted EBITDA by nearly 9% 
to $1.1 billion 

•  Further strengthened our capital structure 

by reducing our net debt leverage from 
3.8x to 3.4x and repurchasing 10 million 
shares in connection with the final 
secondary offering by our former private 
equity sponsors

2017 was also a year in which we gave 
back to our communities. We launched 
our US Foods® Scholars program, which 
is focused on helping underserved young 
people prepare for culinary careers. We also 
donated nearly 12 million meals to support 

hunger relief efforts, including a $2 million 
product donation to Feeding America to 
help with hurricane relief efforts. 

Great Food. Made Easy.
The foundation of our success continues 
to be our Great Food. Made Easy. 
strategy. It’s a strategy aimed at helping 
our customers “Make It” by providing 
them with the innovative products and 
technology solutions they need to attract 
more customers and operate their own 
businesses more profitably. 

Our commitment to GREAT FOOD 
is anchored by Scoop™, a program 
that introduces innovative, on-trend 
products multiple times a year to help 
our customers deliver a more consistent 
offering and keep their menus fresh. In 
2018, we’ll be adding to our product 
offering by introducing more sustainable 
products under our Serve Good™ 
program. We are also committed to 
growing the penetration of our private 
brand products, which at the end of fiscal 
2017 comprised 34% of total sales, a 100  
basis point increase from fiscal 2016.

The MADE EASY portion of our strategy 
is driven by our industry-leading 
e-commerce and mobile technology 
platforms, designed to help restaurant 
operators easily plan, manage and order 
inventory. We intend to continue to build 
out our portfolio of value-added services 
with tools to help customers attract more 
diners, plan more profitable menus and 
optimize their back-of-house operations.

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   3

3/6/18   6:51 AM

0 3

*These financial highlights include non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures can be found on page 28 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K.TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

In 2018, we’ll focus on executing our strategy 
to reach more customers and create deeper 
relationships with existing ones. We believe 
that we can continue to grow at twice the pace 
of the market with independent restaurants, a 
group of customers that continues to benefit 
from broader macroeconomic and demographic 
factors, while also growing with other attractive 
customer types that our strategy resonates  
with, such as healthcare, hospitality and 
emerging concepts.

Delivered with Excellence
As we continue to raise the bar on our 
performance, we believe one of our biggest 
opportunities lies in driving operational 
excellence across our organization, particularly 
in supply chain and shared services. 

To achieve this, we’ve launched a company-
wide program called The US Foods® Way, 
which will help us increase consistency 

and efficiency across our critical business 
processes. This work has already started to 
come to life in areas like our supply chain, 
where we’re implementing new routines across 
our distribution center network and working to 
embed continuous improvement principles into 
our day-to-day operations.  

We believe this focus on operational excellence, 
combined with the continued execution of our 
strategy, will create significant value for our 
customers and stockholders well into the future.

I’d like to close with a heartfelt thank you to the 
more than 25,000 US Foods employees whose 
passion for helping our customers “Make It” is 
what makes our success possible. Each day, I 
am humbled by their drive and commitment to 
be second to none. 

On behalf of everyone at US Foods, thank you 
for your support.

Pietro Satriano 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

0 4

U S   F O O D S   A N N U A L   R E P O R T   2 0 1 7

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   4

3/6/18   6:51 AM

BY THE NUM BERS

Independent Restaurant

% Volume Growth

Net Income
$ in millions

Adjusted EBITDA

$ in millions

%
4

.

6

%
2

.

5

%
0

.

4

4
4
4
$

0
1
2
$

8
6
1
$

8
5
0

,

1
$

2
7
9
$

5
7
8
$

2015

2016

2017

2015

2016

2017

2015

2016

2017

Note: The 2015 and 2016 Independent Restaurant volume growth listed above has been adjusted for the impact of the extra week in 2015.

 US Foods

 S&P 500

 S&P Food and Staples Retailing

Stock Performance*

$134
$128

$120

*$100 invested on 5/26/16 in stock or 4/30/16 in index, including reinvestment of dividends.

US FOODS® CUSTOMER
BREWERY BHAVANA – RALEIGH, N.C.
Forbes 10 Coolest Places to Eat in 2018
Bon Appétit America’s Best New Restaurants 2017

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   5

0 5

3/6/18   6:51 AM

OUR STRAT EGY

GREAT FOOD. MADE EASY.™

Our strategy is centered on providing customers with innovative 
products and easy access to the business solutions they need to 
succeed. This focus is supported by our commitment to operational 

excellence and The US Foods® Way, which represents how we  

aspire to live, work and lead.

INNOVATIVE 
PRODUCTS

GREAT  
BRANDS

BEST  
IN FRESH

LOCAL & 

SUSTAINABLE

GREAT FOOD.

LEADING 

TECHNOLOGY

MULTICHANNEL
MULTICHANNEL

EXPERIENCE
EXPERIENCE

VALUE-ADDED 
VALUE-ADDED 

 
SERVICES
SERVICES

TEAM-BASED 
TEAM-BASED 

SELLING
SELLING

MADE EASY.

PERFECT 
ORDERS

RIGHT PRODUCT 

RIGHT PRICE

DELIVERED 
WITH EXCELLENCE.

 WORKPLACE 

SAFETY

OPTIMIZED COST 

TO SERVE

FOOD  
SAFETY

HOW WE LIVE, WORK AND LEAD.

THE 
US FOODS WAY.

0 6

U S   F O O D S   A N N U A L   R E P O R T   2 0 1 7

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   6

3/6/18   6:51 AM

 

 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

UNITED STATES  

Washington, D.C. 20549  
FORM 10-K  

  

(Mark One) 
ցց 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934  

  

For the fiscal year ended December 30, 2017   

OR 

տ 

  

  

  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934  

Commission File No. 001-37786  

  

US FOODS HOLDING CORP.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

  

 

Delaware 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

24-0347906 
(I.R.S. Employer 

Identification Number) 

9399 W. Higgins Road, Suite 500  

Rosemont, IL 60018  

(847) 720-8000  

(Address, including Zip Code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)  

Title of Each Class 

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

  
  

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

  

  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ց    No տ 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes տ    No ց  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ց    No տ  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that 
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes ց    No տ  
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. տ   

  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting 
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and 
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   
տ 
Large accelerated filer ց 
տ 
Non-accelerated filer  տ  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
                                     
տ
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with 
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. տ
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes տ    No  ց  

Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 
Emerging growth company 

 

 

At June 30, 2017, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of common 
stock held by non-affiliates was $3,885,925,322 (based on the closing sale price of common stock on such date on the New York Stock 
Exchange). 215,146,497 shares of the registrant’s common stock were outstanding as February 15, 2018 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Schedule 14A, 
relating to the Registrant’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held on May 4, 2018 are incorporated by reference in response to Items 10, 11, 
12, 13 and 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission not later than 120 days after the Registrant’s fiscal year ended December 30, 2017.  

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

US Foods Holding Corp. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 1.  Business  
 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors  
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  
Item 2.  Properties  
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

 

 

 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 

 

Operations  

 

 

 

 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 

 

 

Disclosure  

 

 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  
Item 9B.  Other Information  

 

 

 

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
Item 11.  Executive Compensation  
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 

 

 

Stockholder Matters  

 

 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

 

 

 

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary   
 
Signatures 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
PART I. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PART II 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
PART III 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
PART IV 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2 
 
10 
21 
21 
23 
23 
 

 

 

 

 

24 
26 

 

 

 

30 
44 
46 

 

 

 

 

93 
93 
96 
 
97 
97 

 

 

 

 

 

 

97 
97 
97 
 
98 
103 

 

 

 

104 
 

 

 

 
Basis of Presentation 

We operate on a 52-53 week fiscal year, with all periods ending on a Saturday. When a 53-week fiscal year 
occurs, the Company reports the additional week in the fiscal fourth quarter. The fiscal years ended December 30, 
2017, December 31, 2016, January 2, 2016, December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013 are also referred to herein 
as fiscal years 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Company’s fiscal years 2017, 2016, 2014 and 
2013 were 52-week fiscal years. The Company’s fiscal year 2015 was a 53-week fiscal year.  

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-

looking statements include information concerning our liquidity and our possible or assumed future results of 
operations, including descriptions of our business strategies. These statements often include words such as 
“believe,” “expect,” “project,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “target,” “seek,” “will,” “may,” “would,” 
“should,” “could,” “forecasts,” “mission,” “strive,” “more,” “goal,” or similar expressions. The statements are based 
on assumptions that we have made, based on our experience in the industry as well as our perceptions of historical 
trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors we think are appropriate. We believe 
these judgments are reasonable. However, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of 
performance or results. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking 
statements. 

There are a number of risks, uncertainties, and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual 
Report. Such risks, uncertainties, and other important factors include, among others, the risks, uncertainties, and 
factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A—“Risk Factors” and Part II, Item 7—“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Annual Report. 

In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking statements in this report might not 
prove to be accurate, and you should not place undue reliance on them. All forward-looking statements attributable 
to us, or people acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. All 
of these statements speak only as of the date made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise.  

Comparisons of results between current and prior periods are not intended to express any future trends, or 

indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 

1 

 

Item 1: 

BUSINESS 

US Foods Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as 

“we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” or “US Foods”. US Foods conducts all of its operations through its wholly 
owned subsidiary US Foods, Inc. (“USF”).  

Our Company 

We are among America’s great food companies and one of only two foodservice distributors with a national 

footprint in the United States. Built through organic growth and acquisitions, we trace our roots back over 150 years 
to a number of heritage companies with rich legacies in food innovation and customer service. These include 
Monarch Foods (established in 1853), Sexton (1883), PYA (1903), Rykoff (1911) and Kraft Foodservice (1976). US 
Foodservice was organized as a corporation in Delaware in 1989. In November 2011, we rebranded from “US 
Foodservice” to “US Foods.”  

The U.S. foodservice distribution industry is large, fragmented and growing, with total industry sales of 
approximately $290 billion in 2017 according to Technomic (January 2018), a third-party source for food and 
foodservice industry data, intelligence and commentary. With net sales of $24 billion in the fiscal year ended 
December 30, 2017, we are the second largest foodservice distributor in the United States by annual sales, with a 
2017 market share of approximately 8%. 

Our mission is to be First In Food. We strive to inspire and empower chefs and foodservice operators to bring 

great food experiences to consumers. This mission is supported by our strategy of Great Food. Made Easy. which 
centers on providing our customers a broad and innovative offering of high-quality products, as well as a 
comprehensive suite of industry-leading e-commerce, technology, and business solutions. We operate as one 
business with standardized business processes, shared systems infrastructure, and an organizational model that 
optimizes national scale with local execution, allowing us to manage the business as a single operating segment. We 
have centralized activities where scale matters and our local field structure focuses on customer facing activities.  As 
we say on our trucks, we are Keeping Kitchens Cooking across America. 
 

   We supply approximately 250,000 customer locations nationwide. These customer locations include 

independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, regional restaurant concepts, national restaurant chains, 
hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations, colleges and 
universities, and retail locations. We provide approximately 350,000 fresh, frozen, and dry food stock-keeping units, 
or SKUs, as well as non-food items, sourced from approximately 5,000 suppliers. Approximately 4,000 sales 
associates manage customer relationships at local, regional, and national levels. They are supported by sophisticated 
marketing and category management capabilities, as well as a sales support team that includes world-class chefs and 
restaurant operations consultants. Our extensive network of over 60 distribution facilities and fleet of approximately 
6,000 trucks allow us to operate efficiently and provide high levels of customer service. This operating model allows 
us to leverage our nationwide scale and footprint while executing locally.  

Our Business Strategy 

While we serve all customer types, our strategy focuses on independent restaurants, small and regional chains, 
and healthcare and hospitality customers. Among other factors, their expected growth, mix of product and category 
purchases, and adoption of value-added solutions make them attractive to us. 

We offer innovative products and services that help chefs and operators succeed. Our e-commerce tools and 
mobile solutions make it easier for customers to do business with us. We execute on these elements of our strategy 
while delivering on the fundamental requirements that are important to all of our customers.  

Growth from acquisitions remains an important part of our strategy.  In fiscal year 2017, we completed five 
acquisitions, including three broadline foodservice distributors and two specialty distributors.  We believe there 
remain attractive acquisition opportunities for us that will allow us to grow with our target customer types and 
generate an attractive return on investment from the synergies we capture from integration. 

2 

 

Our Industry 

The U.S. foodservice distribution industry has a large number of companies competing in the space, 

including local, regional, and national distributors. Foodservice distributors typically fall into three categories, 
representing differences in customer focus, product offering, and supply chain: 

x 
x 
x 

Broadline distributors who offer a “broad line” of products and services 

System distributors who carry products specified for large chains 

Specialized distributors focused on specific product categories or customer types (e.g., meat or produce) 

A number of adjacent competitors also serve the U.S. foodservice distribution industry, including cash-and-

carry retailers, commercial wholesale outlets and warehouse clubs, commercial website outlets, and grocery stores.  

There is a high degree of customer overlap, particularly across the broadline, specialized and cash-and-carry 
categories, as many customers purchase from multiple distributors. Most buying decisions are based on the type of 
product offered, quality and price, and a distributor’s ability to completely and accurately fill orders and provide 
timely deliveries. Since switching costs are low, customers can make supplier and distribution channel changes 
quickly. Existing foodservice competitors can extend their shipping distances and add truck routes and warehouses 
relatively quickly to serve new markets or customers. Given our mix of products and services, we consider ourselves 
a broadline distributor.  

The U.S. foodservice distribution industry is comprised of different customer types of varying sizes, growth 

profiles, and product and service requirements.  

x 

x 

x 

x 

Independent restaurants/small chains and regional chains. Independent restaurants, and small and 
regional chains typically differentiate themselves in the market based on the dining experience they 
provide to consumers and the quality and diversity of their menu. They value business solutions that 
help them attract diners, improve the effectiveness of their menu offering, and drive efficiency in their 
operations.  
Healthcare customers. Healthcare customers generally fall into either acute care (e.g., hospital systems) 
or senior living (e.g., nursing homes and long-term care facilities). Healthcare customers have complex 
foodservice needs given their scale, need for menu diversity, and logistics considerations. Food is also 
not as central to their overall business as it is for a restaurant, but it is a key contributor to patient 
satisfaction. As a result, some healthcare providers utilize third-party contract management companies 
to operate their foodservice facilities. Many use group purchasing organizations, or GPOs, as 
intermediaries in order to gain procurement scale. In our experience, healthcare customers purchasing 
directly, through GPOs, or through contract foodservice operators value strong relationships with their 
foodservice partners, particularly those that bring national scale, a broad product offering, and strong 
transactional and logistics capabilities. 
Hospitality customers. Hospitality customers are diverse group, ranging from large hotel chains and 
conference centers to local banquet halls, country clubs, casinos, and entertainment and sports 
complexes. Food is a key contributor to guest satisfaction for these customers, and they value solutions 
related to menu planning and efficiency improvements in their kitchens and restaurants. With complex 
foodservice needs, hospitality customers value streamlined purchasing processes and expect high 
service levels in fulfilling their orders. 
National restaurant chains. National chains tend to in-source most activities except distribution, where 
they often rely on system distributors primarily for freight and logistics. 

In fiscal year 2017, no single customer represented more than 3% of our total customer sales. Sales to our top 
50 customers/GPOs represented approximately 43% of our net sales in fiscal year 2017. We have relationships with 
GPOs that act as agents for their members in negotiating pricing, delivery and other terms. Some customers who are 
members of GPOs purchase their products directly from us under the terms negotiated by their GPOs. In fiscal year 

3 

 

2017, this accounted for about 25% of our total customer purchases. GPOs primarily focus on healthcare, 
hospitality, education, government/military and restaurant chains. 

We believe that a broad array of value-added solutions offered by foodservice distributors makes customers 
more effective and efficient and can help foodservice distributors profitably grow their businesses. These services 
require distributors to invest in their capabilities, resulting in a higher cost-to-serve. When customers benefit from 
product and service solutions, they purchase a more attractive and profitable mix of items and tend to have stronger 
commercial relationships and loyalty. 

We believe that the customer types that we target, which include independent restaurants, small and regional 

chains, and healthcare and hospitality customers, have greater growth prospects and/or benefit from the types of  
value-added solutions we offer to a greater extent than other customer types.  

There are several important dynamics affecting the industry. 
x 

x 

x 

Evolving consumer tastes and preferences. Consumers demand healthy and authentic food alternatives 
with fewer artificial ingredients, and they value locally harvested and sustainably manufactured 
products. In addition, many ethnic food offerings are becoming more mainstream as consumers show a 
greater willingness to try new flavors and cuisines. Changes in consumer preferences create 
opportunities for new and innovative products and for unique food-away-from-home destinations. This, 
in turn, is expected to create growth, margin expansion, and better customer retention opportunities for 
those distributors with the flexibility to balance national scale and local preferences. We believe 
foodservice distributors will likely need broader product assortments, extended supplier networks, 
effective supply chain management capabilities, and strong food safety programs to meet these needs. 
Generational shifts with millennials and baby boomers. Given their purchasing power, millennials and 
baby boomers will continue to significantly influence food consumption and the food-away-from-home 
market. According to a U.S. Census Bureau survey, there were 83 million individuals born between 
1982 and 2000 in the United States. That makes these millennials the largest demographic cohort. They 
are key to driving growth in the broader U.S. food industry as their disposable income increases. Baby 
boomers continue to shape the industry as they remain in the workplace longer, which is expected to 
prolong their contribution to food-away-from-home expenditures. 
Growing importance of e-commerce. We see significant future growth in e-commerce and in the 
adoption of mobile technology solutions by foodservice operators. E-commerce solutions increase 
customer retention. They also deepen the relationship between foodservice distributors and customers, 
creating new insights and services that can make both more efficient. We think deeper, technology-
enabled relationships with customers will accelerate the adoption of new products and increase 
customer loyalty. As a result, distributors that have invested in creating these capabilities have a 
competitive edge. We believe this trend will accelerate, as millennials become key influencers and 
decision-makers within the industry, particularly at the customer level. We believe foodservice 
distributors will need to strengthen technology, data analytics, and related capabilities to address these 
changes. 

We believe that we have the scale, foresight and agility required to proactively address these trends and, in 

turn, benefit from higher growth, greater customer retention and improved profitability. 
 
Products, Brands, and Other Intellectual Property 

We have a broad assortment of product categories and brands to meet customers’ needs. In many categories, 

we offer products under a spectrum of private brands, based on price and quality.  

4 

 

The table below presents the sales mix for our principal product categories for the fiscal years ended 

December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016. 

  

  

Meats and seafood 
Dry grocery products 
Refrigerated and frozen grocery products 
Dairy 
Equipment, disposables and supplies 
Beverage products 
Produce 
  

  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

2017 

  

2016 

Fiscal Years 
  
  
36 %    
18 %    
16 %    
10 %    
9 %    
6 %    
5 %    
100 %    

  
36 %    
18 %    
16 %    
10 %    
9 %    
6 %    
5 %    
100 %    

  
  

2015 

36 % 
18 % 
15 % 
11 % 
9 % 
6 % 
5 % 
100 % 

We have registered the trademarks US Foods®, Food Fanatics® and Chef’Store® in connection with our 
overall US Foods brand strategy and with our retail outlets. We have also registered or applied for trademark 
protection in the United States in connection with the following brands in our brand portfolio:  

 

x  Chef’s Line® 
x  Metro Deli® 

 

x  Cattleman’s Selection® 
x  Cross Valley Farms® 
x  Devonshire® 
x 
del Pasado™ 
x  Glenview Farms® 

Our Best-Quality Brands – Distinction and Superior Taste 

x  Rykoff Sexton® 
x  Stock Yards® 

Brands You Can Trust for Quality, Performance and Value 

x  Harbor Banks® 
x  Hilltop Hearth® 
x  Molly’s Kitchen® 
x  Monarch® 
x  Harvest Value® 

x  Monogram® 
x  Monogram® Clean Force® 
x  Optimax® 
x  Pacific Jade® 
x  Patuxent Farms® 

x  Rituals® 
x  Roseli® 
x  Superior® 
x  Thirster® 
x  Valu+Plus® 

Other than these trademarks, we do not believe that trademarks, patents, or copyrights are material to our 

business. 

Suppliers 

We purchase from approximately 5,000 individual suppliers, none of which accounted for more than 5% of 
our aggregate purchases in fiscal year 2017. Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand 
name and private brand products. Additionally, regional suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private 
label programs requiring regional distribution. We generally negotiate supplier agreements on a centralized basis. 

Seasonality 

Our business does not fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, and as a result, is not considered 

seasonal.  

Working Capital 

Our operations and strategic objectives require continuing capital investment, and our resources include cash 
provided by operations, as well as access to capital from bank borrowings, various types of debt and other financing 
arrangements.  See discussion in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” regarding our liquidity and capital resources.   

5 

 

Government Regulation 

As a marketer and distributor of food products in the United States, US Foods must comply with various laws 

and regulations from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. A summary of certain laws and regulations is 
described below. 

Food Holding and Processing 
We are subject to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Bioterrorism Act; and regulations created by 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). The FDA regulates manufacturing and holding requirements for 
foods, specifies the standards of identity for certain foods and prescribes the format and content of certain 
information that must appear on food product labels. 

The published applicable rules under the Food Safety Modernization Act (“FSMA”) significantly expanded 
our food safety requirements. Among other things, we are required to maintain comprehensive, prevention-based 
controls across the food supply chain that are both verified and validated, including new standards for maintaining 
the safety of food during transportation. FSMA further regulates food products imported into the United States and 
provides the FDA with mandatory recall authority.  

For certain product lines, we are also subject to the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products 

Inspection Act, the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, the Country of Origin Labeling Act, and regulations 
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”). The USDA imposes standards for food safety, product quality 
and sanitation, including the inspection and labeling of meat and poultry products, and the grading and commercial 
acceptance of produce shipments from our vendors. 

Our Company and products are also subject to state and local regulation. This includes measures such as the 

licensing of our facilities, enforcement of standards for our products and facilities by state and local health agencies, 
and regulation of our trade practices in connection with selling products. 

Our distribution facilities must be registered with the FDA biennially and are subject to periodic government 

agency inspections. Our facilities are generally inspected at least annually by federal and/or state authorities. We 
have a small number of processing facilities for some meat, poultry, seafood and produce products.  These units are 
appropriately registered and inspected by the USDA (meat and poultry) and the FDA (produce and seafood), 
respectively.  We also must establish communication programs to transmit information about the hazards of certain 
chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 

Our customers include several departments of the federal government, including the Department of Defense 

and Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, as well as certain state and local entities. These customer relationships 
subject us to additional regulations applicable to government contractors. 

Trade 
For the purchase of products harvested or manufactured outside of the United States, and for the shipment of 
products to customers located outside of the United States, we are subject to customs laws regarding the import and 
export of shipments. Our activities, including working with customs brokers and freight forwarders, are subject to 
regulation by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, part of the Department of Homeland Security. 

Anticorruption 
Because we are organized under the laws of a state in the U.S. and our principal place of business is in the 

U.S., we are considered a “domestic concern” under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA“) and are covered by 
the anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA. The anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA prohibit any domestic concern and 
any officer, director, employee, or agent, acting on behalf of the domestic concern from paying or authorizing 
payment of anything of value to (i) influence any act or decision by a foreign official; (ii) induce a foreign official to 
do or omit to do any act in violation of his/her lawful duty; (iii) secure any improper advantage; or (iv) induce a 

6 

 

foreign official to use his/her influence to assist the payor in obtaining or retaining business, or directing business to 
another person. 

Ground Transportation 
The U.S. Department of Transportation and its agencies, the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal 

Highway Administration, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration, regulate our trucking operations through the regulation of operations, safety, insurance and 
hazardous materials. We must comply with the safety and fitness regulations promulgated by the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration, including those relating to drug and alcohol testing and hours of service. Matters such 
as weight and dimension of equipment also fall under federal and state regulations. 

Environmental 
Our operations are also subject to a broad range of federal, state, and local environmental laws and 

regulations, as well as zoning and building regulations. Environmental laws and regulations cover a variety of 
procedures, including appropriately managing wastewater and stormwater; complying with clean air laws, including 
those governing vehicle emissions; properly handling and disposing of solid and hazardous wastes; protecting 
against and appropriately investigating and remediating spills and releases; and monitoring and maintaining 
underground and aboveground storage tanks for diesel fuel and other petroleum products. 

Employment 
The U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the 

Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs regulate 
our employment practices and standards for workers. We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in 
employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with 
Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility and the removal of barriers. Our workers’ compensation 
self-insurance is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Our facilities are subject to inspections under the Occupational Safety and Health Act with respect to our 

compliance with certain manufacturing, health and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. US 
Foods is also subject to the National Labor Relations Act, which governs the process for collective bargaining 
between employers and employees and protects the rights of both employers and employees in the workplace. 

Employees  

As of December 30, 2017, we had 25,355 employees, of which 25,053 were full-time employees. 

Approximately 4,600 employees were members of local unions associated with the International Brotherhood of 
Teamsters and other labor organizations. Approximately one-third of our facilities have employees represented by 
unions with collective bargaining agreements (“CBAs”).  

During fiscal year 2017, eight CBAs covering approximately 800 employees were renegotiated. During fiscal 

2018, 14 CBAs covering approximately 1,100 employees will be subject to renegotiation. While we have 
experienced work stoppages in the past, we generally believe we have good relations with both union and non-union 
employees, and we believe we are a well-regarded employer in the communities in which we operate. 
 

 

7 

 

Executive Officers 

Name 
Pietro Satriano 
Dirk J. Locascio 
Kristin M. Coleman 
Ty Gent 
Steven Guberman 
Andrew Iacobucci 
Jay A. Kvasnicka 
David Rickard 
Keith D. Rohland 
David Works 

 

 
 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Chief Financial Officer 

  Age   Position 
 55 
  46 
 49    Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
 58    Chief Supply Chain Officer 
  53 
 51    Chief Merchandising Officer 
  50 
  47    Executive Vice President, Strategy and Revenue Management 
  50    Chief Information Officer 
 50    Chief Human Resources Officer 

Executive Vice President, Locally-Managed Business and Field Operations 

Executive Vice President, Nationally Managed Business 

 

 
Mr. Satriano has served as Chief Executive Officer and director of US Foods since July 2015. In December 

2017, Mr. Satriano was elected Chairman of the Board.  From February 2011 until July 2015, Mr. Satriano served as 
our Chief Merchandising Officer. Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Satriano was President of LoyaltyOne Co., a 
Canadian provider of loyalty marketing and programs, from 2009 to 2011. From 2002 to 2008, he served in a 
number of leadership positions at Loblaw Companies Limited, including Executive Vice President, Loblaw Brands, 
and Executive Vice President, Food Segment. Mr. Satriano began his career in strategy consulting, first in Toronto, 
Canada with The Boston Consulting Group, and then in Milan, Italy with the Monitor Company. 

Mr. Locascio has served as Chief Financial Officer since February 2017.  Mr. Locascio served the Company as 

Senior Vice President, Financial Accounting and Analysis from November 2016 to February 2017, Senior Vice 
President, Operations Finance and Financial Planning from May 2015 to November 2016, and as Senior Vice 
President, Financial Planning and Analysis from May 2013 to May 2015.  Mr. Locascio joined US Foods in June 
2009 as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller.  Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Locascio held senior finance 
roles with United Airlines, a global airline, and public accounting firm Arthur Andersen LLP. 

Ms. Coleman has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since 
February 2017.  Ms. Coleman joined US Foods from Sears Holdings Corporation, a retailer, where she served as 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary after joining in July 2014. Prior to joining Sears, 
she served as the Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Brunswick Corporation, a 
manufacturing company, from May 2009 to July 2014. 

Mr. Gent has served as Chief Supply Chain Officer since April 2017.  Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Gent 

served for over 30 years in a variety of leadership roles with PepsiCo, Inc. From April 2012 to April 2017, he served 
as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain for PepsiCo Americas Foods—South America, Caribbean and Central 
America. Mr. Gent also served as Senior Vice President of Logistics for PepsiCo North America, where he led the 
warehouse delivery network for Quaker, Gatorade and Tropicana as well as the PepsiCo’s Transportation network 
for North America. 

Mr. Guberman has served as Executive Vice President, Nationally Managed Business, since August 2016 and 

served as Chief Merchandising Officer from July 2015 to January 2017. Mr. Guberman served the Company as 
Senior Vice President, Merchandising and Marketing Operations from January 2012 to July 2015 and as Division 
President from August 2004 through December 2012.  Mr. Guberman joined US Foods as part of the Alliant 
Foodservice acquisition. 

Mr. Iacobucci has served as Chief Merchandising Officer since January 2017. Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. 

Iacobucci served as Executive Vice President, Merchandising for Ahold USA, Inc., a food retailer, from April 2016 
to January 2017.  Prior to joining Ahold, he served from February 2012 to November 2015 in several senior roles at 
Loblaw Companies Limited, a Canadian food retailer, including President, Discount Division. 

8 

 

Mr. Kvasnicka has served as Executive Vice President, Locally-Managed Business and Field Operations since 
August 2015 and Executive Vice President, Field Operations since September 2016. Mr. Kvasnicka has served the 
Company as Region President from April 2013 to July 2015, and Division President from October 2011 to March 
2013. Mr. Kvasnicka served as Vice President of Sales for the Stock Yards division, President of the Stock Yards 
division and in various other roles between 2005 and 2011.  He was Vice President of Sales for the Minneapolis 
Division from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Kvasnicka joined US Foods as a part of the Alliant Foodservice acquisition. 

Mr. Rickard has served as Executive Vice President, Strategy and Revenue Management since November 2015. 

Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Rickard served from March 2014 to November 2015 as Vice President at Uline 
Corporation, a distributor of shipping, industrial, and packing materials, and was responsible for identifying, leading 
and implementing improvement initiatives across all aspects of the organization. From September 1997 to March 
2014, Mr. Rickard was a Partner and Managing Director at the Boston Consulting Group. 

Mr. Rohland has served as Chief Information Officer since April 2011. Prior to joining US Foods, Mr. Rohland 

served in several leadership positions at Citigroup, Inc. from March 2007 until April 2011, including Managing 
Director of Risk and Program Management. Prior to joining Citigroup, Mr. Rohland was Chief Information Officer 
for Volvo Car Corporation of Sweden from November 2005 to March 2007 and held a number of leadership 
positions at Ford Motor Company from November 2003 to November 2005. 

Mr. Works has served as Chief Human Resources Officer since February 2018.  Mr. Works joined US Foods 
from Hackensack Meridian Health, an integrated health care network, where he served as Chief Human Resources 
Officer after joining in July 2017.  Prior to joining Hackensack, he served as President - Enterprise of Windstream 
Holdings, Inc., a voice and data communications provider, from December 2014 to August 2016, Executive Vice 
President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Windstream from February 2012 to December 2014, and Senior 
Vice President and President, Talent and Human Capital Services at Sears Holding Corporation, a retailer, from 
September 2009 to January 2012.  

Available Information  

We file annual, quarterly and special reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange 

Commission (“SEC”). Our filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 
Those filings are also available to the public on, or accessible through, our website for free via the “Investors” 
section at https://ir.usfoods.com/investors. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website 
or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference herein and is not part of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”). 
 

9 

 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors 

We are subject to many risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, with respect to our results of 

operations and cash flows. Some of these risks and uncertainties may cause our financial performance, business or 
operations to vary, or they may materially or adversely affect our financial performance. These are discussed below. 
The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report are not the only ones we face. Others—which are not 
currently known to us, or that we believe are immaterial—also may adversely affect our financial performance, 
business or operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 

Our business is a low-margin business, and our profitability is directly affected by cost deflation or inflation, 
commodity volatility and other factors. 

The U.S. foodservice distribution industry is characterized by relatively high inventory turnover with 

relatively low profit margins. Volatile commodity costs have a direct impact on our industry. We make a significant 
portion of our sales at prices that are based on the cost of products we sell, plus a percentage margin. As a result, our 
profit levels may be negatively affected during periods of product cost deflation, even though our gross profit 
percentage may remain relatively constant. Prolonged periods of product cost inflation also may reduce our profit 
margins and earnings, if product cost increases cannot be passed on to customers because they resist paying higher 
prices. In addition, periods of rapid inflation may have a negative effect on our business. There may be a lag 
between the time of the price increase and the time at which we are able to pass it along to customers, as well as the 
impact it may have on discretionary spending by consumers. 

Competition in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to compete successfully. 

The U.S. foodservice distribution industry is highly competitive. Our largest competitor has greater financial 

and other resources than we do. Furthermore, there are a large number of local and regional distributors. These 
companies often align themselves with other smaller distributors through purchasing cooperatives and marketing 
groups. The goal is to enhance their geographic reach, private label offerings, overall purchasing power, cost 
efficiencies, and ability to meet customer distribution requirements. These distributors also rely on local presence as 
a source of competitive advantage, and they may have lower costs and other competitive advantages due to 
geographic proximity. Additionally, adjacent competition, such as cash-and-carry operations, commercial wholesale 
outlets, club stores and grocery stores, continue to serve the commercial foodservice market. We also experience 
competition from online direct food wholesalers, such as Amazon.com. We generally do not have exclusive service 
agreements with our customers, and they may switch to other suppliers that offer lower prices, differentiated 
products, or customer service that is perceived to be superior. The cost of switching suppliers is very low, as are the 
barriers to entry into the U.S. foodservice distribution industry. We believe most purchasing decisions in the U.S. 
foodservice distribution industry are based on the quality and price of the product, plus a distributor’s ability to 
completely and accurately fill orders and provide timely deliveries. 

Increased competition has caused the U.S. foodservice distribution industry to change, as distributors seek to 

lower costs, further increasing pressure on the industry’s profit margins. Heightened competition among our 
suppliers, significant pricing initiatives or discount programs established by competitors, new entrants, and trends 
toward vertical integration could create additional competitive pressures that reduce margins and adversely affect 
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We rely on third-party suppliers, and our business may be affected by interruption of supplies or increases in 
product costs. 

We obtain substantially all of our foodservice and related products from third-party suppliers. We typically do 

not have long-term contracts with suppliers. Although our purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing 
with suppliers, they may not provide the foodservice products and supplies we need in the quantities and at the 
prices requested. We do not control the actual production of most of the products we sell. This means we are also 
subject to delays caused by interruption in production and increases in product costs based on conditions outside our 
control. These conditions include work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by employees of 

10 

 

suppliers; severe weather; crop conditions; product recalls; transportation interruptions; unavailability of fuel or 
increases in fuel costs; competitive demands; and natural disasters or other catastrophic events (including, but not 
limited to, the outbreak of food-borne illnesses in the United States). Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of 
foodservice and related products because of any of these or other factors could mean that we could not fulfill our 
obligations to our customers and, as a result, our customers may turn to other distributors. 

A change in our relationships with GPOs could negatively affect our relationships with customers, which could 
reduce our profitability. 

No single customer represented more than 3% of our total net sales in fiscal year 2017. However, some of our 

customers purchase their products under arrangements with GPOs. GPOs act as agents on behalf of their members 
by negotiating pricing, delivery, and other terms with us. Our customers who are members of GPOs purchase 
products directly from us on the terms negotiated by their GPO. GPOs use the combined purchasing power of their 
members to lower the prices paid by their members, and we have experienced some pricing pressure from customers 
who associate with GPOs. Approximately 25% of our net sales in fiscal year 2017 were made by customers under 
terms negotiated by GPOs. To the extent our customers, for example, independent restaurants who do not typically 
negotiate directly with GPOs, are able to independently negotiate competitive pricing or become members of GPOs, 
we may be forced to lower our prices so they will remain customers, which would negatively affect operating 
margins. In addition, if we are unable to maintain our relationships with GPOs, or if GPOs are able to negotiate 
more favorable terms for their members with our competitors, we could lose some or all of that business. This could 
adversely affect our future operating profits. 

Our relationships with our customers, including key long-term customers and GPOs, may be materially 
diminished or terminated. 

Most of our customers buy from us pursuant to individual purchase orders, and we often do not enter into 

long-term agreements with these customers. Because such customers are not obligated to continue purchasing 
products from us, we cannot be assured that the volume and/or number of our customers’ purchase orders will 
remain constant or increase or that we will be able to maintain our existing customer base. Significant decreases in 
the volume and/or number of our customers’ purchase orders or our inability to retain or grow our current customer 
base may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We have long-standing relationships with a number of our customers and GPOs, many of whom could 

unilaterally terminate their relationship with us or materially reduce the amount of business they conduct with us at 
any time. Market competition, customer requirements, customer financial condition and customer consolidation 
through mergers or acquisitions also could adversely affect our ability to continue or expand these relationships. 
There is no guarantee that we will be able to retain or renew existing agreements, maintain relationships with any of 
our customers or GPOs on acceptable terms or at all or collect amounts owed to us from insolvent customers. Our 
customer and GPO agreements are generally terminable upon advance written notice (typically ranging from 30 
days to six months) by either us or the customer or GPO, which provides our customers or GPOs with the 
opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to award more business to our competitors. The loss of one or 
more of our major customers or GPOs could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of 
operations. 

If we fail to increase or maintain our sales to independent restaurant customers, our profitability may suffer. 
Our most profitable customers are independent restaurants. We tend to work closely with these customers, 

providing them access to our customer value added tools and as a result are able to earn a higher operating margin 
on sales to them. Our ability to continue to gain market share of independent restaurant customers is critical to 
achieving increased operating profits. Changes in the buying practices of independent restaurant customers, 
including their ability to require us to sell to them at discounted rates, or decreases in our sales to this type of 
customer could have a material negative impact on our profitability. 

11 

 

We may fail to effectively integrate the businesses we acquire. 

Historically, a portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. If we are unable to integrate acquired 
businesses successfully or realize anticipated economic, operational, and other benefits and synergies in a timely 
manner, our profitability may decrease. Integrating acquired businesses may be more difficult in a region or market 
in which we have limited expertise. A significant expansion of our business and operations, in terms of geography or 
magnitude, could strain our administrative and/or operational resources. Significant acquisitions may also require 
incurring additional debt. This could increase our interest expense and make it difficult for us to get favorable 
financing for other acquisitions or capital investments in the future. 

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect from our cost savings initiatives. 

We may not be able to realize some or all of our expected cost savings in the future. A variety of factors could 

cause us not to realize some of the expected cost savings. These include, among others, delays in the anticipated 
timing of activities related to our cost savings initiatives, lack of sustainability in cost savings over time, and 
unexpected costs associated with operating our business. All of these factors could negatively affect our results of 
operations and financial condition, including by failing to offset any decreases in our profitability. 

Significant increases in fuel costs could hurt our business. 

The high cost of fuel can negatively affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending. This may reduce 

the frequency and amount spent by consumers for food prepared away from home. The high cost of fuel can also 
increase the price we pay for products, as well as the costs we incur to deliver products to our customers. These 
factors, in turn, negatively affect our sales, margins, operating expenses, and operating results. Additionally, from 
time to time, we enter into forward purchase commitments for some of our fuel requirements at prices equal to the 
then-current market price. If fuel prices decrease significantly, these forward purchases may prove ineffective and 
result in us paying higher than market costs for part of our fuel.  

An economic downturn, or other factors affecting consumer confidence, could reduce the amount of food 
prepared and consumed away from home, which could harm our business. 

The U.S. foodservice market is sensitive to national and regional economic conditions. In the past, an uneven 

level of general U.S. economic activity, uncertainty in the financial markets, and slow job growth has affected 
consumer confidence and discretionary spending. A renewed decline in economic activity, other factors affecting 
consumer confidence, and the frequency and amount spent by consumers for food prepared away from home may 
reduce our sales and operating results in the future. There can be no assurance that one or more of these factors will 
not reduce future operating results. 

We may be subject to or affected by liability claims related to products we distribute. 

As any seller of food, we may be exposed to liability claims in the event that the products we sell cause injury 

or illness. We believe we have sufficient primary or excess umbrella liability insurance to cover product liability 
claims. However, our current insurance may not continue to be available at a reasonable cost or, if available, may 
not be adequate to cover all of our liabilities. We generally seek contractual indemnification and insurance coverage 
from parties supplying products to us. However, this indemnification or insurance coverage is limited, as a practical 
matter, by the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of our suppliers’ insurance 
coverage. If we and our suppliers do not have adequate insurance or contractual indemnification available, the 
liability related to defective products could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Any negative media exposure or other event that harms our reputation could hurt our business. 

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business, particularly in selling our private label products. Any 

event that damages our reputation, justified or not, could quickly affect our revenues and profits. This includes 
adverse publicity about the quality, safety or integrity of our products. Reports, whether or not they are true, of food-
borne illnesses (such as e. coli, avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella) 
and injuries caused by food tampering could severely injure our reputation. If patrons of our national chain and 

12 

 

regional restaurant customers become ill from food-borne illnesses, the customers could be forced to temporarily 
close restaurant locations and our sales would correspondingly decrease. In addition, instances of food-borne 
illnesses or food tampering or other health concerns, even those unrelated to our products, can result in negative 
publicity about the U.S. foodservice distribution industry and dramatically reduce our sales. 

We face risks related to labor relations and the availability of qualified labor.  

As of December 30, 2017, we had 25,355 employees, of which approximately 4,600 were members of local 

unions associated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and other labor organizations. Our failure to 
effectively renegotiate any CBAs could result in work stoppages. We may, from time to time, be subject to increased 
efforts to subject us to multi-location labor disputes, as individual labor agreements expire or labor disputes arise. 
This would place us at greater risk of being unable to continue to operate one or more facilities, delaying deliveries, 
possibly causing customers to seek alternative suppliers, or otherwise being materially adversely affected by labor 
disputes. From time to time, when there are labor related issues at a facility represented by a local union, sympathy 
strikes occur at other facilities that are represented by other local unions. While we believe we have generally 
satisfactory relationships with our employees, including the unions that represent some of our employees, a work 
stoppage due to our failure to renegotiate union contracts or for other reasons could have a significant negative 
effect on us. 

Further, potential changes in labor legislation and case law could result in currently non-union portions of our 

workforce, such as our warehouse and delivery personnel, being subjected to greater organized labor influence. 
Should additional portions of our workforce be subject to CBAs, this could result in increased costs of doing 
business as we may be subject to mandatory, binding arbitration or labor scheduling, costs and standards, which may 
reduce our operating flexibility. 

We are subject to a wide range of labor costs. Because our labor costs are, as a percentage of net sales, higher 

than many other industries, even if we are able to renegotiate CBAs and avoid work stoppages, we may be 
significantly harmed by labor cost increases. In addition, labor is a significant cost of many of our customers in the 
U.S. food-away-from-home industry. Any increase in their labor costs, including any increases in costs as a result of 
increases in minimum wage requirements, could reduce the profitability of our customers and reduce demand for our 
products. 

Additionally, we risk a shortage of qualified labor. Recruiting and retention efforts, and actions to increase 

productivity, may not be successful, and we could encounter a shortage of qualified labor in the future. Such a 
shortage could potentially increase labor costs, reduce profitability and/or decrease our ability to effectively serve 
customers. 

If our competitors implement a lower cost structure, they may be able to offer reduced prices to customers. We 
may be unable to adjust our cost structure to compete profitably. 

Over the last several decades, the food retail industry has undergone a significant change. Companies such as 
Wal-Mart and Costco have developed a lower cost structure, so they can provide their customers with an everyday 
low-cost product offering. In addition, commercial wholesale outlets, such as Restaurant Depot, offer an additional 
low-cost option in the markets they serve. As a large-scale U.S. foodservice distributor, we have similar strategies to 
remain competitive in the marketplace by reducing our cost structure. However, to the extent more of our 
competitors adopt an everyday low price strategy, we would potentially be pressured to offer lower prices to our 
customers. That would require us to achieve additional cost savings to offset these reductions. We may be unable to 
change our cost structure and pricing practices rapidly enough to successfully compete in that environment. 

Our business is subject to significant environmental, health and safety regulation. Failure to comply with such 
regulations could adversely affect our operating costs. 

Our operations face a broad range of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of 

the environment or health and safety. These laws govern numerous issues, including discharges to air, soil and 
water; the handling and disposal of hazardous substances; the investigation and remediation of contamination 
resulting from the release of petroleum products and other hazardous substances; employee health and safety; and 
fleet safety. In the course of our operations, we operate and maintain vehicle fleets, use and dispose of hazardous 

13 

 

substances, and store fuel in on-site aboveground and underground storage tanks. At several current and former 
facilities, we are investigating and remediating known or suspected contamination from historical releases of fuel 
and other hazardous substances. Although the known or suspected contamination at these facilities is not currently 
the subject of any administrative or judicial proceeding, we cannot provide assurance that we will not be the subject 
of administrative or judicial proceedings in the future for contamination related to releases of fuel or other hazardous 
substances. Further, we cannot be sure that compliance with, or liability under, existing or future environmental, 
health and safety laws, such as those related to remediation obligations, will not adversely affect our future operating 
results. 

Some jurisdictions in which we operate have laws that affect the composition and operation of truck fleets, 

such as limits on diesel emissions and engine idling. A number of our facilities have ammonia or freon-based 
refrigeration systems, which could cause injury or environmental damage if accidentally released. In addition, many 
of our distribution centers have propane and battery powered forklifts. Proposed or recently enacted legal 
requirements, such as those requiring the phase-out of certain ozone-depleting substances, and proposals for the 
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, may require us to upgrade or replace equipment, or may increase our 
transportation or other operating costs. 

If we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or other governmental regulations, we could 
become subject to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could 
significantly and adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to governmental regulation at the federal, state, and local levels in many areas of our business, 
including food holding and processing, trade, anticorruption, transportation, employment, and other areas of safety 
and compliance. Failing to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in a number of adverse 
situations. These could include administrative, civil, or criminal penalties or fines; mandatory or voluntary product 
recalls; warning letters; cease and desist orders against operations that are not in compliance; closing facilities or 
operations; the loss, revocation, or modification of any existing licenses, permits, registrations, or approvals; and the 
failure to get additional licenses, permits, registrations, or approvals in new jurisdictions where we intend to do 
business. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of 
operations. These laws and regulations may change in the future, and we may incur material costs to comply with 
them, or to comply with any required product recalls as a result of such changes. A more detailed discussion of some 
of the laws and regulations that we are subject to can be found in “Business—Government Regulation.” 

Additionally, due to contracts we have with governmental entities, state governmental agencies have, from 

time to time, conducted audits of our pricing practices as part of investigations of providers of services under 
governmental contracts, or otherwise. We also receive requests for information from governmental agencies in 
connection with these audits.  

If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or encounter disagreements with respect to our 

contracts subject to governmental regulation, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, 
criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, prohibitions, seizures or debarments from 
contracting with the government. The cost of compliance or the consequences of non-compliance, including 
debarments, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, 
governmental entities may make changes in the regulatory frameworks within which we operate that may require us 
to incur substantial increases in costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. 

We rely heavily on technology, and any disruption in existing technology or delay in implementing new 
technology could adversely affect our business. 
 

Our ability to control costs and maximize profits, as well as to serve customers most effectively, depends on 

the reliability of our information technology systems and related data entry processes in our transaction intensive 
business. We rely on software and other information technology to manage significant aspects of our business, such 
as purchases, order processing, warehouse/inventory management, truck loading and logistics and optimization of 
storage space. Any disruption to this information technology could negatively affect our customer service, decrease 
the volume of our business, and result in increased costs. We have invested and continue to invest in technology 

14 

 

security initiatives, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans. However, these measures cannot fully insulate 
us from technology disruption that could impair operations and profits. 

 Information technology evolves rapidly. To compete effectively, we are required to integrate new 

technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner. If competitors implement new technologies before we do, 
allowing them to provide lower priced or enhanced services of superior quality compared to those we provide, our 
operations and profits could be affected. 

A cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively affect our business and our 
relationships with customers. 

We rely upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic 

information, to process online credit card payments, and to manage or support virtually all of our business processes 
and activities. We also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our 
employees, suppliers, business partners and our customers. These uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including 
security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft, online platform hijacking that could redirect online credit card 
payments to another credit card processing website, and inadvertent or unauthorized release of information. Our 
business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and 
intellectual property, including customers’ and suppliers’ personal information, private information about 
employees, and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. Further, we are also 
expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and 
corresponding increase in exposure to cybersecurity risk. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to 
prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be 
entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential 
information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology 
systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, 
violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability, and competitive disadvantage. 

Our retirement benefits could give rise to significant expenses and liabilities in the future. 

We sponsor defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. Pension and postretirement obligations 

give rise to costs that are dependent on various assumptions including those discussed in Note 17, Retirement Plans, 
to our consolidated financial statements.  In addition to the plans we sponsor, we also participate in various 
“multiemployer” pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our employees. We make 
periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. In 
the event that we withdraw from participating in one of these plans, then-applicable law could require us to make 
additional withdrawal liability payments to the plan, and we would have to reflect such liabilities on our balance 
sheet. Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan’s funding of 
vested benefits. 

In the ordinary course of our renegotiation of CBAs with labor unions that maintain these plans, we could 
decide to discontinue participation in a plan. In that event, we could face a withdrawal liability. We could also be 
treated as withdrawing from participation in one of these plans, if the number of our employees participating in these 
plans is reduced to a certain degree over certain periods of time. Such reductions in the number of employees 
participating in these plans could occur as a result of changes in our business operations, such as facility closures or 
consolidations. Some multiemployer plans, including ones in which we participate, are reported to have significant 
underfunded liabilities. Such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. For a 
detailed description of our retirement plans, see Note 17, Retirement Plans, to our consolidated financial statements. 

Extreme weather conditions and natural disasters may interrupt our business, or our customers’ businesses, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Some of our facilities and our customers’ facilities are located in areas that may be subject to extreme, and 

occasionally prolonged, weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, blizzards, and 
extreme cold. Extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations or reduce the number of consumers who 
visit our customers’ facilities in such areas. Furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may interrupt or impede 

15 

 

access to our customers’ facilities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition, or results of operations. 

Adverse judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we are or may be involved in the 
normal course of our business could reduce our profits or limit our ability to operate our business. 

In the normal course of our business, we are involved in various legal proceedings. The outcome of these 

proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these proceedings were to be determined adversely to us or a settlement 
involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results 
of operations or ability to operate our business. Additionally, we could become the subject of future claims by third 
parties, including our employees, suppliers, customers, our investors, or regulators. Any significant adverse 
judgments or settlements would reduce our profits and could limit our ability to operate our business.  

Changes in consumer eating habits could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or 
results of operations. 

Changes in consumer eating habits (such as a decline in consuming food away from home, a decline in portion 

sizes, or a shift in preferences toward restaurants that are not our customers) could reduce demand for our products. 
Consumer eating habits could be affected by a number of factors, including changes in attitudes regarding diet and 
health or new information regarding the health effects of consuming certain foods. There is a growing consumer 
preference for sustainable, organic and locally grown products. Changing consumer eating habits also occur due to 
generational shifts. Millennials, the largest demographic group in the U.S. in terms of spend, seek new and different 
as well as more ethnic menu options and menu innovation. Millennials also value diversity. If consumer eating 
habits change significantly, we may be required to modify or discontinue sales of certain items in our product 
portfolio, and we may experience higher costs associated with the implementation of those changes. Changing 
consumer eating habits may reduce the frequency with which consumers purchase meals outside of the home. 
Additionally, changes in consumer eating habits may result in the enactment or amendment of laws and regulations 
that impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, or laws and regulations requiring us to 
disclose the nutritional content of our food products. Compliance with these laws and regulations, as well as others 
regarding the ingredients and nutritional content of our food products, may be costly and time-consuming. If we are 
not able to effectively respond to changes in consumer health perceptions or resulting new laws or regulations or to 
adapt our menu offerings to trends in eating habits, our business and results of operations could suffer. 

We rely on trademarks, trade secrets, and other forms of intellectual property protections; however, these 
protections may not be adequate. 

We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws in the United States. 

We have applied in the United States and in certain other countries for registration of a limited number of 
trademarks, some of which have been registered or issued. We cannot guarantee that our applications will be 
approved by the applicable governmental authorities, or that third parties will not seek to oppose or otherwise 
challenge our registrations or applications. We also rely on unregistered proprietary rights, including common law 
trademark protection. However, third parties may use trademarks identical or confusingly similar to ours, or 
independently develop trade secrets or know-how similar or equivalent to ours. If our proprietary information is 
divulged to third parties, including our competitors, or our intellectual property rights are otherwise misappropriated 
or infringed, our competitive position could be harmed. 

Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected 
costs or potentially prevent us from selling our products. 

We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe intellectual property rights of others. We 
may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of our business, including claims of alleged 
infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties by us or our customers in connection with their use of our 
products. Any such claims, whether or not meritorious, could result in costly litigation and divert the efforts of our 
management and personnel. Moreover, should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to enter into 
licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms or at all) or to pay damages and to cease making or selling 

16 

 

certain products. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from manufacturing 
or selling our products. 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 

We have substantial debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional 
capital or obtain financing in the future, react to changes in our business, and make payments on our debt. 

As of December 30, 2017, we had $3,757 million of indebtedness, net of $16 million of unamortized deferred 

financing costs. 

Our substantial debt could have important consequences to us, including the following: 
x 

our ability to obtain additional financing or use our cash flows for working capital, capital expenditures, 
acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes, and our ability to satisfy our 
obligations with respect to our indebtedness may be impaired in the future; 
a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal 
and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes; 
we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates because approximately 46% of the principal 
amount of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest as of December 30, 2017; 
it may be difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, resulting in possible defaults on and 
acceleration of such indebtedness; 
we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt or comparable 
debt at more favorable interest rates and they, as a result, may be better positioned to withstand 
economic downturns; 
our ability to refinance indebtedness may be limited or the associated costs of refinancing may increase; 
and 
our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures 
could be limited, or we may be prevented from carrying out capital spending that is necessary or 
important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins of our business. 

x 

x 

x 

x 
x 

x 

x 

Despite our substantial indebtedness levels, we may be able to incur substantially more debt, including secured 
debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness. 

We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements governing 
our indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a 
number of significant qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness 
that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.  

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact 
our ability to operate our business. 

Our credit facilities and indenture contain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to do the 

following: 

x 
x 
x 
x 
x 

dispose of assets; 
incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees of additional indebtedness); 
pay dividends and make certain payments; 
create liens on assets; 
make investments (including joint ventures); 

17 

 

x 
x 
x 
x 

engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets; 
engage in certain transactions with affiliates; 
change the business conducted by us; and 
amend specific debt agreements. 

In addition, if borrowing availability under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated October 

20, 2015, as amended, USF’s asset backed senior secured revolving loan facility (the “ABL Facility”), plus the 
amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by us, falls below a specified threshold of $118 million on 
any three consecutive business days, the borrowers under such facility, which are our subsidiaries, are required to 
comply with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0:1.0. In addition, if our borrowing availability under the 
ABL Facility falls below $130 million on any two consecutive business days or, solely with respect to the ABL 
Facility, certain cash management covenants or borrowing base delivery requirements are breached, or a payment 
default or bankruptcy event occurs, additional reporting responsibilities are triggered under the ABL Facility and 
USF’s accounts receivable financing facility dated as of August 27, 2012, as amended (the “2012 ABS Facility”). 

Our ability to comply with these provisions in future periods will depend on our ongoing financial and 

operating performance, as discussed under “Risks Related to Our Business and Industry,” above. Our ability to 
comply with these provisions in future periods will also depend substantially on the pricing of our products, our 
success at implementing cost reduction initiatives and our ability to successfully implement our overall business 
strategy. 

The restrictions under the terms of our credit facilities and indenture may prevent us from taking actions that 
we believe would be in the best interest of our business, and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our 
business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We may also incur future 
debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and 
operational flexibility. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if 
for any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms 
acceptable to us, or at all. 

Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our credit facilities and indenture may 

be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control. The breach of any of these covenants 
or restrictions could result in a default under our credit facilities and indenture that would permit the applicable 
lenders or note holders, as the case may be, to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, 
together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations could 
proceed against the collateral securing the debt. In any such case, we may be unable to borrow under and may not be 
able to repay the amounts due under our credit facilities. This could have serious consequences to our financial 
condition and results of operations and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 

Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our debt facilities 
and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many 
factors beyond our control. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under our debt facilities, depends 

on our financial and operating performance. This, in turn, will be subject to prevailing economic and competitive 
conditions and to the financial and business factors, many of which may be beyond our control, as described under 
“Risks Related to our Business and Industry,” above. 

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced 
to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, raise additional equity capital or restructure our debt. However, 
there is no assurance that such alternative measures may be successful and, as a result, we may not be able to meet 
our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face 
substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt 
service and other obligations. Our credit facilities and indenture restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the 
proceeds from any such dispositions. As a result, we cannot assure you we will be able to consummate those sales, 

18 

 

or, if we do, what the timing of the sales will be or whether the proceeds that we realize will be adequate to meet the 
debt service obligations when due. 

The 2012 ABS and the ABL Facilities mature in 2020. The amended and restated senior secured term loan, 

(the “Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan”) will mature in 2023. The 5.875% unsecured senior notes (the “2016 
Senior Notes”) will mature in 2024. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness 
or obtain additional financing, particularly due to our substantial level of indebtedness and the debt incurrence 
restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our debt, as well as prevailing market conditions.  

An increase in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability. 

After considering interest rate swaps that fixed the interest rate on $1.1 billion of principal of our Amended 

and Restated 2016 Term Loan, approximately 46% of the principal amount of our debt bears interest at variable 
rates as of December 30, 2017. As a result, an increase in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our debt 
and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. The impact of such an increase would be more 
significant for us than it would be for some other companies because of our substantial indebtedness. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our stock price may change significantly, and you may not be able to resell your shares of our common stock at 
or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 

The stock market routinely experiences periods of large or extreme volatility. In some instances, this volatility 

is unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies.  

The trading price of our common stock may be adversely affected due to a number of factors such as those 

listed in “Risks Related to Our Business and Industry” and the following, most of which we cannot control: 

x 
x 
x 

x 

x 
x 
x 

x 
x 
x 
x 

x 
x 

x 
x 

results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 
changes in expectations as to our or our industry’s future financial performance, including financial 
estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors, and the publication of 
research reports regarding the same; 
declines in the market prices of stocks, trading volumes and company valuations generally, particularly 
those of foodservice distribution companies; 
strategic actions by us or our competitors;  
changes in preferences of our customers; and purchasing habits of consumers; 
announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new products, acquisitions, joint 
marketing relationships, joint ventures, other strategic relationships, or capital commitments; 
changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets; 
changes in business or regulatory conditions; 
future sales of our common stock or other securities; 
investor perceptions or the investment opportunity associated with our common stock relative to other 
investment alternatives; 
a default on our indebtedness or a downgrade in our or our competitors’ credit ratings; 
the public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including 
our filings with the SEC; 
changes in senior management or key personnel; 
announcements relating to litigation; 

19 

 

x 

x 
x 
x 
x 

guidance, if any, that we provide to the public, any changes in this guidance, or our failure to meet this 
guidance; 
the sustainability of an active trading market for our stock; 
changes in accounting principles; 
occurrences of extreme or inclement weather; and 
other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, or acts of terrorism, or 
responses to these events. 

In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action 

litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the 
attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 

Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock, you may not receive any return 
on investment unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount, and 

payment of any future dividends on shares of common stock will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 
Our Board of Directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition, and results 
of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, 
and regulatory restrictions, implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries 
to us, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is 
limited by covenants of our existing debt agreements and may be limited by covenants of any future indebtedness 
we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock 
unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 

Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws 

may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer, or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover 
attempt, or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those 
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 

These provisions provide for, among other things: 
x 

a classified Board of Directors, dividing our Board of Directors into three classes, with each class 
serving for staggered three-year terms, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new 
Board of Directors at a single annual meeting; 
the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock that could be used by our Board of Directors to 
thwart a takeover attempt; 
an advance notice requirement for nominations of directors by stockholders and for proposing matters 
that can be acted upon by stockholders at our stockholder meetings; 
a prohibition on stockholders calling special meetings of stockholders;  
subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock, a limitation on stockholders’ ability to remove 
directors; 
subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock, the filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors, 
including newly-created directorships, only by a majority vote of directors then in office, even if less 
than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director; 
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a 
meeting of the stockholders; and 
subject to the approval of our stockholders of a restatement of our amended and restated certificate of 
incorporation to eliminate supermajority voting, the approval of at least 75% of our outstanding shares 
of common stock to amend certain provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation 
and the amended and restated bylaws. 

x 

x 

x 
x 

x 

x 

x 

  

20 

 

These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-

party’s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited 
in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these 
provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if the provisions are viewed as 
discouraging takeover attempts in the future. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and certain 
provisions of our amended and restated bylaws may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our 
management. These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment that may delay, deter, render more difficult 
or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes provisions limiting the personal liability of our 
directors for breaches of fiduciary duty under the DGCL. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions permitted under the DGCL relating 
to the liability of directors. These provisions eliminate a director’s personal liability to the fullest extent permitted by 
the DGCL for monetary damages resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty, except in circumstances involving: 

x 
x 

x 
x 

any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty; 
acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of 
the law; 
Section 174 of the DGCL (unlawful dividends); or 
any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 

The principal effect of the limitation on liability provision is that a stockholder will be unable to prosecute an 
action for monetary damages against a director unless the stockholder can demonstrate a basis for liability for which 
indemnification is not available under the DGCL. These provisions, however, should not limit or eliminate our 
rights or any stockholder’s rights to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a 
breach of a director’s fiduciary duty. These provisions will not alter a director’s liability under federal securities 
laws. The inclusion of this provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may discourage or 
deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for a breach of their fiduciary duties, 
even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us and our stockholders. 

Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. 

Properties 

As of January 31, 2018, we maintained 81 primary operating facilities, including 65 distribution centers and 

other supporting facilities. About 76% were owned and 24% were leased. Our real estate includes general corporate 
facilities in Rosemont, Illinois and Tempe, Arizona, both of which are leased. Our properties also include a number 
of local sales offices, truck “drop-sites”, and vacant land not included in the count above. In addition, there is a 
minimal amount of surplus owned or leased property not included in the count above. Leases on these facilities 
expire at various dates from 2018 to 2028, although certain of these leases include options for renewal.  

 

 

 

 

21 

 

The following table lists our operating facilities, by state, and their aggregate square footage. The table reflects 

our material operating facilities, including distribution centers that may contain multiple locations or buildings and 
other supporting facilities. It does not include retail sales locations, Chef’Stores, or US Foods Culinary Equipment & 
Supply outlet locations. It also does not include closed locations, vacant properties or ancillary use owned and leased 
properties, such as temporary storage, remote sales offices or parking lots. In addition, the table shows the square 
footage of our leased Rosemont headquarters and Tempe shared services center locations:  
 

Square 
Number of 
Feet 
Facilities      
      
438,804       
2       
317,071       
2       
1       
135,009       
5        1,314,847       
314,883       
1       
1       
239,899       
5        1,194,226       
691,017       
2       
528,295       
3       
233,784       
1       
2       
185,510       
350,859       
1       
69,304       
1       
276,003       
1       
414,963       
3       
1       
287,356       
602,947       
3       
246,430       
2       
840,519       
4       
1       
533,237       
3        1,073,375       
133,486       
1       
388,683       
3       
954,736       
3       
2       
221,314       
501,894       
3       
1       
308,307       
6        1,179,319       
1       
64,410       
2        1,134,399       
47,400       
1       
602,270       
2       
963,732       
4       
1       
267,180       
629,318       
2       
216,500       
1       
220,537       
1       
2       
354,127       
81       18,475,950       
Owned       14,023,379       
Leased        4,452,571       
329,564       
133,225       

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
    

       
       

  

  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

76 % 
24 % 

   
   

Location 
Alabama 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Florida 
Georgia 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Louisiana 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Pennsylvania 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Virginia 
Washington 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 

Total 

  
  

Headquarters: Rosemont, Illinois 
Shared Services Center: Tempe, Arizona 

 

22 

 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may be party to litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. 

Management does not believe there is any pending litigation that, separately or in the aggregate, would have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.  

On November 9, 2017, we were notified by the U.S. Environment Protection Agency (the “EPA”) that 

potential violations of the Section 112(r)(7) Risk Management Program regulation found at 40 CFR Part 68 were 
allegedly committed at our Fairburn, GA facility. On December 6, 2017, we notified the EPA of our intent to settle 
the alleged potential violations and pay a final penalty of $107,961. As of December 30, 2017, the parties had not 
negotiated and executed a Consent Agreement and Final Order. 

Item 4. 

  Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

23 

 

PART II 

Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 

Equity Securities 

Our common stock began trading publicly on the NYSE under the symbol “USFD” as of May 26, 2016. Prior 
to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 15, 2018, there were 23,855 holders 
of record of our common stock. This stockholder figure does not include a substantially greater number of holders 
whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. The following table sets forth the 
high and low intra-day sale prices per share for our common stock as reported on the NYSE for the period 
indicated:   
 

  
  

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016: 
Second Quarter ended July 2, 2016 
   (from May 26, 2016) 
Third Quarter ended October 1, 2016 
Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2016 

Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2017: 

First Quarter ended April 1, 2017 
Second Quarter ended July 1, 2017 
Third Quarter ended September 30, 2017 
Fourth Quarter ended December 30, 2017 

  
  
    

Stock Price 

High 

Low 

    
       

  
  
   

  $ 
  $ 
  $ 
    
  $ 
  $ 
  $ 
  $ 

25.64     $ 
25.83     $ 
27.79     $ 
       
28.14     $ 
30.73     $ 
28.79     $ 
32.10     $ 

22.51   
22.90   
22.19   
   
25.50   
25.93   
26.37   
25.43   

 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

 

Total Number 

  

of Shares 
Purchased 

Average Price 
Paid per Share      
  
—        
  
    
—        
    
  
     10,000,000   (1) $ 
28.00        
28.00        
     10,000,000      $ 

  
—     
—     

Total Number of 
Shares Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
Announced Plans 

or Programs 

Maximum Number 
(or Approximate 
Dollar Value) 

of Shares that May 
Yet Be Purchased 
Under the Plans 

or Programs 

     
—        
—        
—        
—        

  
—   
—   
—   
—   

Period 

10/1 - 11/4 
11/5 - 12/2 
12/3 - 12/30 
Total 

(1)  In conjunction with a secondary offering of our common stock held by investment funds associated with or designated 

by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., L.P. (“KKR,” and together with 
CD&R, the “Sponsors”), on December 4, 2017, we repurchased 10,000,000 shares of our common stock from the 
underwriter at $28.00 per share, which was the underwriter’s purchase price. The closing of the share repurchase 
occurred substantially concurrently with the closing of the offering, and the shares we repurchased were retired. The 
Company did not sell any stock in the offering and did not receive any proceeds from the offering.   

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

 

None. 

Dividends 

We have no current plans to pay future dividends on our common stock, and we have never paid any 

dividends on our common stock other than a one-time special cash distribution of $666 million made in January 
2016 to our stockholders, of which $657 million was paid to the Sponsors. 

24 

 

The declaration, amount, and payment of any future dividends on shares of common stock will be at the sole 

discretion of our Board of Directors.  Our Board of Directors may take into account the factors discussed under “Our 
stock price may change significantly, and you may not be able to resell your shares of our common stock at or above 
the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result,” above.  Because we are a 
holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from funds we receive from 
our subsidiaries. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by covenants in our existing subsidiary debt 
agreements and may be further limited by the agreements governing other indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur 
in the future. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Liquidity and Capital Resources, Indebtedness.” 
 

 

25 

 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data 

The selected historical consolidated statements of operations data for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, and 

the related selected balance sheet data as of fiscal years ending in 2017 and 2016, have been derived from our 
consolidated financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. The selected 
historical consolidated statement of operations data for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 and the selected balance sheet 
data as of fiscal years ended 2015, 2014, and 2013, have been derived from our consolidated financial statements not 
included in this Annual Report. 

The following selected consolidated financial data should be read together with “Management’s Discussion 

and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements 
and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

The following tables set forth our selected financial data for the periods and as of the dates indicated: 

 

  
  
  

    

       

       

       

2013 

2014 

2015 

2017 

2016 

Fiscal Year 
    

    
    
(In millions, except for per share data)* 
       

Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
Net sales 
Cost of goods sold 
Gross profit 
Operating expenses: 

  
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
  $  24,147     $  22,919     $  23,127     $  23,020     $  22,297   
     19,930        18,866        19,114        19,222        18,474   
3,823   
    
   
    
    
3,494   
Distribution, selling and administrative costs 
8   
Restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments      
3,502   
    
321   
    
—   
    
    
306   
42   
    
(27 ) 
    
30   
    
  $ 
(57 ) 
   
    
(0.34 ) 
  $ 
  $ 
(0.34 ) 

Total operating expenses 
Operating income 
Acquisition termination fees—net 
Interest expense—net 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
Income tax (benefit) provision 
Net income (loss) 
Net income (loss) per share: 

4,053       
       
3,586       
53       
3,639       
414       
—       
229       
54       
131       
(79 )     
210     $ 
       
1.05     $ 
1.03     $ 

3,798       
       
3,546       
—       
3,546       
252       
—       
289       
—       
(37 )     
36       
(73 )   $ 
       
(0.43 )   $ 
(0.43 )   $ 

4,013       
       
3,650       
173       
3,823       
190       
288       
285       
—       
193       
25       
168     $ 
       
0.99     $ 
0.98     $ 

4,218       
       
3,644       
(1 )     
3,644       
574       
—       
170       
—       
404       
(40 )     
444     $ 
       
2.00     $ 
1.97     $ 

Basic 
Diluted(a) 

Weighted-average number of shares used in 
   per share amounts: 

Basic 
Diluted(a) 

Other Data: 
Cash flows—operating activities 
Cash flows—investing activities 
Cash flows—financing activities 
Capital expenditures 
EBITDA(b) 
Adjusted EBITDA(b) 
Adjusted net income(b) 
Free cash flow(b) 
 

  
  

Balance Sheet Data: 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Total assets 
Total debt 
Total shareholders’ equity 

    
    
    
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

       
222.4       
225.7       
       
748     $ 
(356 )     
(405 )     
221       
952       
1,058       
312       
527       

       
200.1       
204.0       
       
556     $ 
(762 )     
(180 )     
164       
782       
972       
321       
392       

       
169.6       
171.1       
       
555     $ 
(271 )     
(110 )     
187       
876       
875       
154       
368       

       
169.5       
169.5       
       
402     $ 
(118 )     
(120 )     
147       
664       
866       
126       
255       

   
169.6   
169.6   
   
322   
(187 ) 
(197 ) 
191   
667   
845   
111   
131   

2016 

2015 

As of Fiscal Year 
    
    
       
       
518     $ 
131     $ 
9,239       
8,944       
3,782       
4,745       
1,873       
2,538       

2014 

    
       
344     $ 
9,023       
4,714       
1,622       

2013 

  
  
   
180   
9,138   
4,722   
1,844   

  
  
    
  $ 
    
    
    

2017 

    
       
119     $ 
9,037       
3,757       
2,751       

26 

 

 
(*)  Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
(a)  When there is a loss for the applicable period, weighted average fully diluted shares outstanding was not used in the 

(b) 

computation as the effect would be antidilutive. 
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income are financial measures that are not in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. (“GAAP”).  These non-GAAP measures are used by 
management to measure operating performance. EBITDA is defined as net income (loss), plus interest expense—net, 
income tax (benefit) provision, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted for 
1) Sponsor fees; 2) restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments; 3) share-based compensation expense; 
4) the non-cash impact of LIFO reserve adjustments; 5) loss on extinguishment of debt; 6) pension settlements; 7) business 
transformation costs; 8) Acquisition-related costs; 9) Acquisition termination fees—net; and 10) other gains, losses, or 
charges as specified in our debt agreements. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) excluding the items used 
to calculate Adjusted EBITDA listed above and further adjusted for the tax effect of the exclusions and discrete tax items. 
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income as presented in this Annual Report are supplemental measures of 
our performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are not measurements of our 
performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or any other performance 
measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 

Free cash flow is defined as cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow is used by 
management as a supplemental measure of our liquidity. For additional information see “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” 
below. 

Non-GAAP Reconciliations 

We provide EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income as supplemental measures to GAAP 

regarding our operational performance. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the impact of certain items 
and, therefore, have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

We believe EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide meaningful supplemental information about our 

operating performance because they exclude amounts that we do not consider part of our core operating results when 
assessing our performance. Items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA include restructuring (benefit) charges and 
tangible asset impairments, loss on extinguishment of debt, Sponsor fees, share-based compensation expense, the 
non-cash impact of LIFO reserve adjustments, pension settlements, business transformation costs (costs associated 
with the redesign of systems and processes), Acquisition related costs, Acquisition termination fees—net, and other 
items as specified in our debt agreements. 

We believe that Adjusted net income is a useful measure of operating performance for both management and 

investors because it excludes items that are not reflective of our core operating performance and provides an 
additional view of our operating performance including depreciation, amortization, interest expense, and income 
taxes on a consistent basis from period to period. Adjusted net income is net income (loss) excluding such items as 
restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments, loss on extinguishment of debt, Sponsor fees, share-
based compensation expense, the non-cash impact of LIFO reserve adjustments, pension settlements, business 
transformation costs (costs associated with redesign of systems and process), and other items, and adjusted for the 
tax effect of the exclusions and discrete tax items. We believe that Adjusted net income is used by investors, 
analysts and other interested parties to facilitate period-over-period comparisons and provides additional clarity as to 
how factors and trends impact our operating performance. 

Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures (a) to evaluate our historical and prospective financial 

performance as well as our performance relative to our competitors as they assist in highlighting trends, (b) to set 
internal sales targets and spending budgets, (c) to measure operational profitability and the accuracy of forecasting, 
(d) to assess financial discipline over operational expenditures, and (e) as an important factor in determining variable 
compensation for management and employees. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are also used in connection with 
certain covenants and restricted activities under our debt agreements. We also believe these non-GAAP financial 
measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in 
our industry. 

We use free cash flow to review the liquidity of our operations. We measure free cash flow as cash flows 

provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. We believe that free cash flow is a useful financial metric 

27 

 

to assess our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments. Free cash flow is not a measure of our 
liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows provided by operating activities. 

We caution readers that amounts presented in accordance with our definitions of EBITDA, Adjusted 
EBITDA, Adjusted net income, and free cash flow may not be the same as similar measures used by other 
companies. Not all companies and analysts calculate EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income or free cash 
flow in the same manner. We compensate for these limitations by using these non-GAAP financial measures as 
supplements to GAAP financial measures and by presenting the reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures 
to their most comparable GAAP financial measures. 

The following table reconciles EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income and free cash flow to the 

most directly comparable GAAP financial performance and liquidity measures for the periods indicated: 

  
  
  

Net income (loss) 
Interest expense—net 
Income tax (benefit) provision 
Depreciation and amortization expense 
EBITDA 
Adjustments: 

  
  
  
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
Sponsor fees(1) 
    
Restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments(2)     
Share-based compensation expense(3) 
    
Net LIFO reserve change(4) 
    
Loss on extinguishment of debt(5) 
    
Pension settlements(6) 
    
Business transformation costs(7) 
    
Acquisition termination fees—net(8) 
    
Acquisition related costs(9) 
    
Other(10) 
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 
    
  $ 
    
  $ 

Depreciation and amortization expense 
Interest expense—net 
Income tax provision, as adjusted(11) 

Cash flows from operating activities 
Capital expenditures 
Free cash flow 

Adjusted net income 
Free cash flow 

Adjusted EBITDA 

2017 

    

2016 

Fiscal Year 
    
    
(In millions)* 

2015 

2014 

    

444     $ 
170       
(40 )     
378       
952       
       
—     
(1 )   
21     
14       
—       
18       
40       
—       
—       
14       
1,058       
(378 )     
(170 )     
(198 )     
312     $ 
       
748     $ 
(221 )     
527     $ 

210     $ 
229       
(79 )     
421       
782       
       
36       
53       
18       
(18 )     
54       
—       
37       
—       
1       
10       
972       
(421 )     
(229 )     
(1 )     
321     $ 
       
556     $ 
(164 )     
392     $ 

168     $ 
285       
25       
399       
876       
       
10       
173       
16       
(74 )     
—       
—       
46       
(288 )     
85       
31       
875       
(399 )     
(285 )     
(37 )     
154     $ 
       
555     $ 
(187 )     
368     $ 

(73 )   $ 
289       
36       
412       
664       
       
10       
—       
12       
60       
—       
2       
54       
—       
38       
26       
866       
(412 )     
(289 )     
(39 )     
126     $ 
       
402     $ 
(147 )     
255     $ 

2013 

  
  
  
(57 ) 
306   
30   
388   
667   
   
10   
8   
8   
12   
42   
2   
61   
—   
4   
31   
845   
(388 ) 
(306 ) 
(40 ) 
111   
   
322   
(191 ) 
131   

 
(*)  Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
(1)  Consists of fees paid to the Sponsors for consulting and management advisory services. On June 1, 2016, the consulting 

agreements with each of the Sponsors were terminated for an aggregate termination fee of $31 million. 

(2)  Consists primarily of facility related closing costs, including severance and related costs, tangible asset impairment 

charges and gains on sale, organizational realignment costs and estimated multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities 
and settlements. 
Share-based compensation expense for vesting of stock awards and share purchase plan. 

(3) 
(4)  Represents the non-cash impact of net LIFO reserve adjustments. 
(5) 

Includes fees paid to debt holders, third-party costs, the write off of certain pre-existing unamortized deferred financing 
costs related to the 2016 and 2013 debt refinancing transactions; early redemption premium and the write-off of 
unamortized issue premium related to the June 2016 debt refinancing; and the loss related to the September 2016 
defeasance of our commercial mortgage backed securities (the “CMBS Fixed Facility”). See Note 11, Debt to our 
consolidated financial statements for a further description of the 2016 debt transactions.  

(6)  Consists of settlement charges resulting from lump-sum payments to retirees and former employees participating in 

several Company sponsored pension plans. See Note 17, Retirement Plans to our consolidated financial statements for a 
further description of the 2017 pension settlement charges. 

(7)  Consists primarily of costs related to significant process and systems redesign across multiple functions. 

28 

 

(8)  Consists of net fees received in connection with the termination of the agreement and plan of merger dated December 8, 
2013 (the “Acquisition Agreement”) with Sysco Corporation, through which Sysco would have acquired US Foods (the 
“Acquisition”). See Note 1, Overview and Basis of Presentation to our consolidated financial statements.  

 (9)  Consists of costs related to the Acquisition, including certain employee retention costs. 
(10)  Other includes gains, losses or charges as specified under our debt agreements. 
(11)  Represents our income tax (benefit) provision adjusted for the tax effect of pre-tax items excluded from Adjusted net 

income and the removal of applicable discrete tax items. Applicable discrete tax items include changes in tax laws or rates, 
changes related to prior year unrecognized tax benefits, discrete changes in valuation allowances, excess tax benefits 
associated with share-based compensation, and the tax benefits recognized in continuing operations due to the existence of 
a gain in other comprehensive income and loss in continuing operations. The tax effect of pre-tax items excluded from 
Adjusted net income is computed using a statutory tax rate after taking into account the impact of permanent differences 
and valuation allowances. We released the valuation allowance against federal and certain state net deferred tax assets in 
fiscal year 2016. We were required to reflect the portion of the valuation allowance release related to 2016 ordinary 
income in the estimated annual effective tax rate and the portion of the valuation allowance release related to future years’ 
income discretely in fiscal year 2016. We maintained a valuation allowance against federal and state net deferred tax 
assets in fiscal years 2013 through 2015. The result was an immaterial tax effect related to pre-tax items excluded from 
Adjusted net income in the fiscal years 2013 through 2016. 

 
A reconciliation between the GAAP income tax (provision) benefit and the income tax provision, as adjusted, is as 
follows: 

  
  
  

GAAP Income tax benefit (provision) 
Tax impact of pre-tax income adjustments 
Discrete tax items 
Income tax provision, as adjusted 

(*) Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 

  
  
  
  $ 
    
    
  $ 

2017 

    

2016 

2014 

    

2013 

Fiscal Year 

    

2015 

    
(In millions)* 

40     $ 
(39 )     
(199 )     
(198 )   $ 

79     $ 
—       
(80 )     
(1 )   $ 

(25 )   $ 
—       
(12 )     
(37 )   $ 

(36 )   $ 
—       
(3 )     
(39 )   $ 

  
  
  
(30 ) 
—   
(10 ) 
(40 ) 

29 

 

Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read 

together with “Selected Financial Data,” in Part II, Item 6 of our consolidated financial statements and related notes 
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information contained 
herein, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs and involve 
numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 
1A of this Annual Report. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere 
in this Annual Report, particularly in “Risk Factors.” 

The following discussion of our results includes certain financial measures not required by, or presented in 

accordance with, GAAP. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental 
information about our operating performance, because they exclude amounts that our management and board of 
directors do not consider part of core operating results when assessing our performance and underlying trends. More 
information on the rationale for these measures is discussed in “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” in “Item 6. Selected 
Financial Data” of this Annual Report. 

Operating Metrics  

          Case growth − Case growth, by customer type (e.g., independent restaurants) is reported as of a point in time. 
Customers periodically are reclassified, based on changes in size or other characteristics, and when those changes 
occur, the respective customer’s historical volume follows their new classification.  

 Organic growth − Organic growth includes growth from operating business that has been reflected in our 

results of operations for at least 12 months.   

Industry Trends 

During 2017, the U.S. foodservice distribution industry grew at 1.4%, according to Technomic (January 

2018).  Within the industry, there have been mixed results as different customer types have varying sizes and growth 
profiles, as well as differing product and service requirements.  Independent restaurants, a customer type of strategic 
focus, grew during the year, while national chains, on a same-store chain basis, experienced declines.  We believe 
we have capitalized on innovative product offerings and our e-commerce and technology solutions to grow our mix 
with independent restaurants, and have made gains in this area of our strategy.  Consistent with the market trends, 
we experienced organic declines with national chain customers; however, much of our declines resulted from 
strategically planned exits from certain national chain business.   

Highlights and Initiatives 

Our case volume in 2017 increased 2.9%. We experienced organic independent restaurant case growth and 

growth with other target customer types, as well as growth due to acquisitions. Net sales increased $1,228 million, 
or 5.4%, year over year. In addition to case growth, net sales was favorably impacted by year over year inflation, as 
a significant portion of our business is based on markups over cost.  

Gross profit increased $165 million or 4.1% to $4,218 million in 2017.  As a percentage of net sales gross 
profit was 17.5% down 0.2% from 17.7% in the prior year period. Margin rate declines in the organic business, 
including higher inbound freight costs, and the adverse impacts of the year over year LIFO reserve changes, was 
partially offset by the favorable rate impact from acquisitions.  

Total operating expenses increased $5 million or 0.1% to $3,644 million in 2017, and included increased 

wages from higher volume and wage inflation, partially offset by lower restructuring costs, the absence of Sponsor 
fees incurred in 2016 and lower amortization in 2017. 

In December 2017, the U.S. government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), making 

significant changes to the U.S. tax code, including a reduction in the corporate tax rate.  The application of the Tax 

30 

 

Act resulted in a discrete tax benefit of $173 million, which was recognized in fiscal year 2017 earnings.  The tax 
benefit resulted from lowering our deferred tax liabilities to reflect the revised tax rate.  

The reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate under the Tax Act is expected to reduce the effective tax 
rate for the year ended December 29, 2018 by an estimated 13%, as compared to what the effective tax rate would 
have been in the absence of tax reform, after taking into account the impact of the federal deduction of state income 
taxes.  

In 2016, we launched an initiative to centralize certain field procurement and replenishment activities. We 
expect the procurement actions to be completed in 2018, with realization of benefits in product costs and logistics 
savings resulting from more effective management of procurement and replenishment activities.  However, the 
expected savings may be offset by increases in inbound freight resulting from capacity and rate challenges being 
experienced in the U.S.  

Outlook 

With favorable trends in consumer confidence and the unemployment rate, we expect positive industry 

growth in 2018.  General economic trends and conditions, including demographic changes, inflation, deflation, 
consumer confidence, and disposable income, coupled with changing tastes and preferences, influence the amount 
that consumers spend on food-away-from-home, which can affect our customers and, in turn, our sales. On 
balance, we believe that these general trends will support positive real growth in food-away-from-home 
consumption and the growth of foodservice industry sales, particularly in our target customer types. We expect 
competitive pressures to remain high and a moderation of year over year inflation in 2018. Given that a large 
portion of our business is based on markups over cost, sudden inflation or prolonged deflation can negatively 
impact our sales and gross profit.  We expect sales to our independent restaurant customers, which generally have 
higher margins, to continue to be an increasing proportion of our sales mix. Favorable customer mix, additional 
volume from acquisitions, as well as other sourcing initiatives, will also continue to contribute to our ability to 
expand our margins.  Additionally, we believe our investments in a common technology platform, efficient 
transactional and operational model, e-commerce and analytic tools that support our team-based selling approach, 
coupled with product innovation, have enabled us to leverage our costs, maintain our sales, and differentiate 
ourselves from our competitors. 

Our strategy includes continued focus on executing our growth strategies, adding value for and differentiating 

ourselves with our customers, and driving continued operational improvement in the business. 

31 

 

Results of Operations 

The following table presents selected consolidated results of operations of our business for the last three fiscal 

years: 

  
  
  

Consolidated Statements of Operations: 
Net sales 
Cost of goods sold 
Gross profit 
Operating expenses: 

Distribution, selling and administrative costs 
Restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments 

Total operating expenses 
Operating income 
Acquisition termination fees - net 
Interest expense - net 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 
Income before income taxes 
Income tax (benefit) provision 
Net income 
Percentage of Net Sales: 

Gross profit 
Distribution, selling and administrative costs 
Operating expense 
Operating income 
Net income 
Adjusted EBITDA

(1) 

Other Data: 

Cash flows—operating activities 
Cash flows—investing activities 
Cash flows—financing activities 
Capital Expenditures 
EBITDA
(1) 
Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted net income
Free cash flow

(1) 

(1) 

(1) 

  

  
  
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal Year 

  

2017 

  

2016 

  
  
(In millions)* 

  

        
24,147      $ 
19,930        
4,218        
        
3,644        
(1 )      
3,644        
574        
—        
170        
—        
404        
(40 )      
444      $ 
        
17.5 %     
15.1 %     
15.1 %     
2.4 %     
1.8 %     
4.4 %     
        
748      $ 
(356 )      
(405 )      
221        
952        
1,058        
312        
527        

        
22,919      $ 
18,866        
4,053        
        
3,586        
53        
3,639        
414        
—        
229        
54        
131        
(79 )      
210      $ 
        
17.7 %     
15.6 %     
15.9 %     
1.8 %     
0.9 %     
4.2 %     
        
556      $ 
(762 )      
(180 )      
164        
782        
972        
321        
392        

2015 

  
  
   
23,127   
19,114   
4,013   
   
3,650   
173   
3,823   
190   
288   
285   
—   
193   
25   
168   
   

17.4 % 
15.8 % 
16.5 % 
0.8 % 
0.7 % 
3.8 % 

   
555   
(271 ) 
(110 ) 
187   
876   
875   
154   
368   

(*)  Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
(1) 

EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income are non-GAAP measures used by management to measure 
operating performance. EBITDA is defined as net income (loss), plus interest expense—net, income tax (benefit) 
provision, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted for 1) Sponsor fees;        
2) restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments; 3) share-based compensation expense; 4) the non-cash 
impact of LIFO reserve adjustments; 5) loss on extinguishment of debt; 6) pension settlements; 7) business transformation 
costs; 8) Acquisition-related costs; 9) Acquisition termination fees—net; and 10) other gains, losses, or charges as 
specified in USF’s debt agreements. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) excluding the items used to 
calculate Adjusted EBITDA listed above and further adjusted for the tax effect of the exclusions and discrete tax items. 
EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted net income as presented in this Annual Report are supplemental measures of 
our performance that are not required by—or presented in accordance with—GAAP. They are not measurements of our 
performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or any other performance 
measures derived in accordance with GAAP. 

 

 

32 

 

Free cash flow is defined as cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow is used by 
management as a supplemental measure of our liquidity. We believe that free cash flow is a useful financial metric to 
assess our ability to pursue business opportunities and investments. Free cash flow is not a measure of our liquidity under 
GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows provided by operating activities. 

See additional information for the use of these measures and “Non-GAAP Reconciliations” in “Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data”. 

Fiscal Years Ended December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 

Highlights 

x 
x 
x 

x 
x 

Case volume increased 2.9%.  Independent restaurant case volume increased 5.2%. 

Net sales increased $1,228 million, or 5.4%, to $24,147 million. 

Operating income increased $160 million, or 38.6%, to $574 million. As a percentage of net sales, 
operating income increased to 2.4% in 2017, compared to 1.8% in 2016. 

Net income increased $234 million to $444 million in 2017, compared to $210 million in 2016.   

Adjusted EBITDA increased $86 million, or 8.8%, to $1,058 million. As a percentage of net sales, 
Adjusted EBITDA increased to 4.4% in 2017, compared to 4.2% in 2016. 

Net Sales 

Total case growth in 2017 was 2.9%.  The increase reflected growth with independent restaurants, healthcare, 
and hospitality, partially offset by declines in education. Organic case volume increased 1.7% and reflected similar 
customer growth trends and some planned exits from national chains. 

Net sales increased $1,228 million, or 5.4%, to $24,147 million in 2017, comprised of a 2.9%, or $675 
million, increase in case volume, and a 2.5%, or $553 million, increase in the overall net sales rate per case.  
Acquisitions increased net sales by approximately $387 million, or 1.6%.  Sales of private brands represented 
approximately 34% and 33% of total net sales in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

The overall net sales rate per case increase of 2.5%, compared to 2016, is mostly comprised of inflation, as a 
significant portion of our business is based on markups over cost.  We experienced year over year inflation in the 
grocery, poultry, seafood, pork, and fresh produce product categories, partially offset by deflation in beef.  

Gross Profit 

         Gross profit increased $165 million, or 4.1%, to $4,218 million in 2017 due to higher volume and margin 
expansion initiatives.  As a percentage of net sales, gross profit decreased 0.2% from 17.7% in 2016 to 17.5% in 
2017. Gross profit from acquisitions was offset by lower organic margins, including higher inbound freight costs, 
and the adverse impact of year over year LIFO adjustments. Our LIFO method of inventory costing resulted in $14 
million of expense in 2017 compared to a benefit of $18 million in 2016 driven by product inflation in 2017 
compared to deflation in 2016. Inventory product categories that experienced cost inflation in 2017 included dairy, 
cheese, poultry, and grocery.   

Distribution, Selling and Administrative Costs 

Distribution, selling and administrative costs increased $58 million, or 1.6%, to $3,644 million in 2017. The 

increase includes $90 million from salaries and wages primarily driven by wage inflation and volume and $11 
million due to the absence of a net insurance benefit in the prior year related to a facility tornado loss.  The 
additional volume contributed to $11 million of additional repairs and maintenance inclusive of our vehicle fleet and 
additional insurance costs on the fleet portfolio.  We also experienced $7 million of higher bad debt provisions, $5 
million of additional IT costs, and approximately $11 million of other net costs that were not individually 

33 

 

significant.  These increases were partially offset by the absence of $36 million of costs incurred under a consulting 
and management agreement with the Sponsors in 2016, including a $31 million contract termination fee incurred 
concurrently with our initial public offering (“IPO”), and $46 million of lower depreciation and amortization in 2017 
primarily driven by the completed amortization of the customer relationship intangible asset initially recognized in 
2007, upon acquisition of the Company by the Sponsors. 

As a percentage of net sales, distribution, selling and administrative costs decreased 0.5% to 15.1% in 2017 
compared to 15.6% in 2016. This decrease was primarily attributable to the absence of the Sponsor termination fee 
and lower amortization discussed above.  We also experienced improvement in the rate of distribution, selling and 
administrative costs as a percent of net sales due to net sales inflation experienced during 2017. 

Restructuring (Benefit) Charges and Tangible Asset Impairments  

Restructuring charges decreased $54 million, or 101.9%, to a benefit of $1 million in 2017. During 2017, net 

costs of $2 million were recognized related to initiatives launched in 2016 to centralize certain field procurement 
and replenishment activities, and reduce corporate and administrative costs. These costs were offset by a $3 million 
gain on the sale of the Baltimore, Maryland distribution facility that closed in 2016. 

During 2016, we incurred a net charge of $53 million associated with our plan to streamline our field 

operations model, the closure of the Baltimore distribution facility, and certain other corporate and administrative 
cost reduction initiatives. Included in the charge was a benefit of $4 million related to a favorable settlement of 
substantially all of our multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities, related to previously closed facilities, including 
Baltimore. Finally, we also incurred $3 million related to a lease termination settlement, which is included in the $53 
million net charge. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses, comprised of distribution, selling and administrative costs and restructuring (benefit) 

charges and tangible asset impairments, increased $5 million, or 0.1% to $3,644 million in 2017. Operating expenses 
as a percentage of net sales were 15.1% in 2017, down from 15.9% in 2016. The change was primarily due to the 
factors discussed in the relevant sections above. 

Operating Income 

Operating income increased $160 million, or 38.6% to $574 million in 2017. Operating income as a percent of 

net sales was 2.4% in 2017, up from 1.8% in 2016. The change was primarily due to the factors discussed in the 
relevant sections above. 

Interest Expense—Net 

Interest expense—net decreased $59 million, primarily due to the reduction of substantial debt with the 

proceeds from our 2016 IPO, and the defeasance and refinancing of certain other debt during 2016. See Note 11, 
Debt, to our consolidated financial statements.   

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

As discussed in Note 11, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements, we incurred a $54 million loss on 
extinguishment of debt in 2016 related to the June 2016 debt redemption and refinancing, and the CMBS Fixed 
Facility defeasance. 

Income Taxes 

On December 22, 2017 the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act. The Tax Act makes broad and complex 

changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to (1) a reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate; and 
(2) bonus depreciation that permits full expensing of qualified property. The Tax Act reduces the corporate tax rate 

34 

 

to 21%, effective January 1, 2018. Consequently, we have reduced our deferred tax liabilities by $173 million and 
recognized a deferred income tax benefit of $173 million for the year ended December 30, 2017. 

We released the previously recorded valuation allowance against our federal net deferred tax assets and certain 

of our state net deferred tax assets in 2016, as we determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets 
would be realized. We maintained a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit 
carryforwards expected to expire unutilized as a result of insufficient forecasted taxable income in the carryforward 
period or the utilization of which is subject to limitation. The decision to release the valuation allowance was made 
after management considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, including but not limited to, 
historical operating results, cumulative income in recent years, forecasted earnings, and a reduction of uncertainty 
regarding forecasted earnings, as a result of developments in certain customer and strategic initiatives during 2016. 

The effective tax rate for 2017 of (10)% varied from the 35% federal statutory rate, primarily from a tax benefit 

of $173 million  related to the aforementioned reduction in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate, and a benefit of $26 
million related to excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, partially offset by state income taxes. 
The effective tax rate for 2016 of (60)% varied from the 35% federal statutory rate, primarily as a result of a change 
in the valuation allowance. During 2016, the valuation allowance decreased $128 million, primarily as a result of the 
year-to-date pre-tax income and the partial release of the valuation allowance. See Note 20, Income Taxes, to our 
consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of our effective tax rates to the statutory rate. 

Net Income 

Our net income was $444 million in 2017, compared to $210 million in 2016. The improvement in net 

income was primarily due to the relevant factors discussed above. 

Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016 

 
Fiscal year 2016 included 52 weeks while fiscal year 2015 included 53 weeks. The 53rd week is referred to herein as the 
“extra week”. Comparisons herein are provided excluding the extra week to provide comparable 52-week results on a year over 
year basis.  

Net Sales 

Total case growth in 2016 was 1.4%. Excluding the extra week, total case growth was 2.9%.  These increases 
reflected growth with independent restaurants, education and hospitality customers, partially offset by planned exits 
from national chains.  Organic case volume declined 0.2%.  Organic case volume, excluding the extra week, 
increased 1.3% as case growth from independent restaurants, education, and hospitality customers was partially 
offset by planned national chain exits.  Independent restaurant case growth was 4.7%, with organic independent 
restaurant case growth contributing 2.7%.  Excluding the extra week, independent restaurant case growth was 
approximately 6.4% over the prior year, with organic growth of approximately 4.5%.     

Net sales decreased $208 million, or 0.9% to $22,919 million in 2016. Excluding the extra week, net sales 

increased $141 million, which was comprised of a 2.9%, or $673 million, increase in case volume, and a 2.3%, or 
$531 million, reduction in the overall rate per case. Acquisitions increased net sales by approximately $290 million, 
or 1.3%.  Sales of private brands represented approximately 33% and 32% of organic sales in 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.   

The overall rate per case decline of 2.3%, compared to 2015 reflected a continuation of the deflationary 
environment and product mix changes. Approximately 1.6% of the decline is attributed to deflation in several 
commodity categories, particularly in beef and dairy, with mix shifts driving the remainder. Changes in product 
costs impact net sales since a significant portion of our business is based on markups over cost. Product mix changes 
include impacts from our acquisition of Fresh Unlimited, Inc., d/b/a Freshway Foods (“Freshway”). Freshway is a 
produce distributor with annual sales of approximately $130 million. Produce, as a category, has lower selling prices 
per case than our average, which brings down our average selling price per case. Mix changes also include the 

35 

 

transition away from certain national chain customers whose purchases were concentrated in certain protein 
categories. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit increased $40 million, or 1.0%, to $4,053 million in 2016. The impact of the extra week on gross 

profit in 2015 was estimated to be approximately $60 million. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased 
0.3% to 17.7% in 2016 from 17.4% in 2015.  Higher case volumes, combined with margin improvement and 
merchandising initiatives, reduced our product costs, and increased gross profit as a percent of net sales by 0.6%.  
These increases to gross profit as a percent of net sales were partially offset by the adverse impact of our LIFO 
reserve changes.  Our LIFO method of inventory costing decreased gross profit by $56 million or 0.2% as a percent 
of net sales. Deflationary trends resulted in a LIFO benefit of $18 million in 2016, compared to a benefit of $74 
million in 2015.  

Distribution, Selling and Administrative Costs 

Distribution, selling and administrative costs decreased $64 million, or 1.8%, to $3,586 million in 2016. The 

impact of the extra week on distribution, selling and administrative costs is estimated to be approximately $50 
million. As a percentage of net sales, distribution, selling and administrative costs decreased 0.2%, to 15.6% in 2016 
from 15.8% in 2015. The decrease of $64 million included $37 million of lower wages and other benefits, which 
primarily resulted from the non-recurrence of certain 2015 retention payments related to the Acquisition, that were 
partially offset in 2016 by increased headcount from acquisitions and other employee related costs.  The decrease 
also included lower distribution expenses of $26 million, driven primarily by fuel savings, a $24 million decrease 
from the non-recurrence of consulting fees related to the Acquisition, a $15 million net benefit related to an 
improvement in litigation settlements and $14 million of favorable experience in self-insurance expenses.  These 
improvements were partially offset by the $31 million termination fee paid to the Sponsors in 2016, and a $22 
million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, primarily related to fleet assets and additional intangible 
asset amortization from acquisitions.  

Restructuring (Benefit) Charges and Tangible Asset Impairments  

Restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments decreased $120 million, or 69.4%, to $53 

million in 2016. During 2016, we incurred a net charge of $53 million associated with our plan to streamline our 
field operations model, the closure of the Baltimore, Maryland distribution facility, and certain other corporate and 
administrative cost reduction initiatives. Included in the charge was a benefit of $4 million related to a favorable 
settlement, during the fourth quarter of 2016, of substantially all of our multiemployer pension withdrawal 
liabilities, related to previously closed facilities, including Baltimore.  Finally, we also incurred $3 million related to 
a lease termination settlement, which is included in the $53 million net charge. 

During 2015, we recognized $85 million of costs related to the field reorganization and the Baltimore 

distribution facility closure. The field reorganization costs of approximately $30 million, were primarily comprised 
of employee separation costs. The Baltimore closure costs of approximately $55 million were comprised of $50 
million for estimated multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities and $5 million related to other employee 
separation and related costs. The estimated multiemployer pension cost was based on the latest available information 
received from the respective plans’ administrator and represented an estimate for a calendar year 2015 withdrawal.  

During 2015, we also reached a settlement with the Central States Teamsters Union Pension Plan (“Central 

States”). The settlement relieved our participation in the “legacy” pool and settled the related legacy multiemployer 
pension withdrawal liability, and commenced us as a new employer in the “hybrid” pool of the Central States 
Teamsters Southeast and Southwest Area Pension Fund (“Central States Plan”). The payment also included the 
settlement of certain other Central States multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities relating to facilities closed 
prior to 2015, and a related labor dispute. The settlement resulted in a restructuring charge of $88 million 
representing the excess of the $97 million cash payment over the aforementioned prior liabilities related to these 
previously closed facilities. 

36 

 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses, comprised of distribution, selling, and administrative costs and restructuring (benefit) 
charges and tangible asset impairments, decreased $184 million, or 4.8% to $3,639 million. Excluding the extra 
week, operating expenses decreased $136 million, or 3.6%. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales were 15.9% 
for 2016, down from 16.5% in 2015. The change was due to the factors discussed in the relevant sections above. 

Operating Income 

Operating income increased $224 million, or 117.9%, to $414 million in 2016. Operating income as a 

percentage of net sales increased 100% to 1.8% for 2016, up from 0.8% in 2015. The change was primarily due to 
the factors discussed in the relevant sections above. 

Acquisition Termination Fees—Net 

Included in 2015 was net Acquisition termination fee income of $288 million, comprised of $300 million paid 
to us in connection with the termination of the Acquisition Agreement, offset in part by a $12.5 million termination 
fee paid by us in connection with the termination of the related asset purchase agreement. See Note 1, Overview and 
Basis of Presentation to our consolidated financial statements. 

Interest Expense—Net 

Interest expense—net, of $229 million was $56 million lower in 2016, primarily due to the redemption and 

refinancing of debt in June of 2016 and the defeasance of the CMBS Fixed Facility in September of 2016.  The $56 
million decrease also included favorability of $5 million from additional interest expense in the prior year due to the 
extra week.  See Note 11, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

As discussed in Note 11, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements, we incurred a $54 million loss on 

extinguishment of debt in 2016. Approximately $42 million of the loss related to the June 2016 debt redemption and 
refinancing. The remaining $12 million resulted from the defeasance of the CMBS Fixed Facility. 

Income Taxes 

The determination of our overall effective tax rate requires the use of estimates. The effective tax rate reflects 

the income earned and taxed in various United States federal and state jurisdictions based on enacted tax law, 
permanent differences between book and tax items, tax credits and our change in relative income in each 
jurisdiction. 

We released the valuation allowance against our federal net deferred tax assets and certain of our state net 

deferred tax assets in 2016, as we determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would be               
realized. We maintained a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards 
expected to expire unutilized as a result of insufficient forecasted taxable income in the carryforward period or the 
utilization of which is subject to limitation. The decision to release the valuation allowance was made after 
management considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, including but not limited to, historical 
operating results, cumulative income in recent years, forecasted earnings, and a reduction of uncertainty regarding 
forecasted earnings as a result of developments in certain customer and strategic initiatives during 2016. 

The effective tax rate for 2016 and 2015 of (60)% and 13%, respectively, varied from the 35% federal 

statutory rate, primarily as a result of a change in the valuation allowance. During 2016 and 2015, the valuation 
allowance decreased $128 million and $48 million, respectively. The decrease in the valuation allowance for 2016 
was primarily the result of the year to date pre-tax income and the partial release of the valuation allowance. The 
decrease in the valuation allowance for 2015 was primarily the result of the year to date ordinary income, partially 
offset by an increase in the valuation allowance due to an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to indefinite-
lived intangibles. The year to date ordinary income for 2015 was impacted by the $288 million net termination fee 

37 

 

received pursuant to the terminated Acquisition Agreement.   See Note 20, Income Taxes, to our consolidated 
financial statements for a reconciliation of our effective tax rates to the statutory rate. 

Net Income 

Our net income was $210 million in 2016, compared to $168 million in 2015. The increase in net income was 

primarily due to the relevant factors discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Our operations and strategic objectives require continuing capital investment. Our resources include cash 

 
provided by operations, as well as access to capital from bank borrowings, various types of debt, and other financing 
arrangements. Terms used but not defined in this discussion are defined in the detailed description of our 
indebtedness in Note 11, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements. 

Indebtedness 

Our significant debt facilities have scheduled debt maturities primarily during the next seven years, and a 
substantial portion of our liquidity needs arise from debt service requirements, the ongoing costs of operations, 
working capital, and capital expenditures. As of December 30, 2017, the aggregate carrying value of our 
indebtedness was $3,757 million, net of $16 million of unamortized deferred financing costs.  

Our primary financing sources for working capital and capital expenditures are cash from operations, the 

ABL Facility, and the 2012 ABS Facility. As of December 30, 2017, we had aggregate commitments for additional 
borrowings under the ABL Facility and the 2012 ABS Facility of $1,028 million, of which $922 million was 
available based on our borrowing base, all of which is secured. 

The ABL Facility provides for loans of up to $1,300 million, with its capacity limited by borrowing base 
calculations. As of December 30, 2017, we had outstanding borrowings of $80 million and had issued letters of 
credit totaling $412 million under the ABL Facility. There was available capacity on the ABL Facility of $807 
million at December 30, 2017, based on the borrowing base calculation. 

The maximum capacity under the 2012 ABS Facility is $800 million, with its capacity limited by borrowing 

base calculations. Borrowings under the 2012 ABS Facility were $580 million at December 30, 2017. At our option, 
we can request additional 2012 ABS Facility borrowings up to the maximum commitment, provided sufficient 
eligible receivables are available as collateral. There was available capacity on the 2012 ABS Facility of $115 
million at December 30, 2017, based on the borrowing base calculation.  

The Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan had a carrying value of $2,157 million as of December 30, 

2017, net of $10 million of unamortized deferred financing costs. The Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan was 
amended on February 17, 2017 and November 30, 2017, in each case and among other things, to reduce the interest 
rate spread on outstanding borrowings. During 2017, we also entered into four-year interest rate swaps with a 
notional amount of $1.1 billion, reducing to $825 million in the fourth year, effectively converting approximately 
half of the principal amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan from a variable to a fixed rate loan.  On 
November 30, 2017, the interest rate swaps were amended in conjunction with the amendment to the portion of the 
principal amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan subject to hedging arrangements. We now 
effectively pay an aggregate rate of 4.21% on the notional amount covered by the interest rate swaps, comprised of 
1.71% plus a spread of 2.50%. For the remaining portion of the principal amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 
Term Loan, the interest rate is ABR plus 1.50% or LIBOR plus 2.50%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.00%. The interest 
rate spread on both ABR and LIBOR borrowings can be further reduced 25 basis points to either ABR plus 1.25% or 
LIBOR plus 2.25%, if USF’s consolidated secured leverage ratio (as defined in the Amended and Restated 2016 
Term Loan) is equal to or less than 1.75:1.00 at the end of the most recent fiscal quarter. At December 30, 2017, 
USF’s consolidated secured leverage ratio exceeded 1.75:1.00. 

As of December 30, 2017, our 2016 Senior Notes had a carrying value of $594 million, net of $6 million of 

unamortized deferred financing costs. The 2016 Senior Notes bear interest at 5.875% and mature on June 15, 

38 

 

2024. On or after June 15, 2019, the 2016 Senior Notes are redeemable, at our option, in whole or in part at a price 
of 102.938% of their remaining principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. On or 
after June 15, 2020 and June 15, 2021, the optional redemption price for the 2016 Senior Notes declines to 
101.469% and 100.0%, respectively, of their remaining principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
the redemption date. Prior to June 15, 2019, up to 40% of the 2016 Senior Notes may be redeemed with the 
aggregate proceeds from equity offerings, as defined in the 2016 Senior Notes indenture, at a redemption premium 
of 105.875%.  As of December 30, 2017, we also had $337 million of obligations under capital leases for 
transportation equipment and building leases.  Other debt of $10 million at December 30, 2017 consists primarily of 
various state industrial revenue bonds. 

The 2012 ABS and the ABL Facilities mature in 2020. The Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan and the 

2016 Senior Notes mature in 2023 and 2024 with scheduled principal payments of $2.1 billion and $600 million, 
respectively.  As economic conditions permit, we will consider further opportunities to repurchase, refinance or 
otherwise reduce our debt obligations on favorable terms. Any further potential debt reduction or refinancing could 
require significant use of our liquidity and capital resources.  

We believe that the combination of cash generated from operations, together with availability under our debt 

agreements and other financing arrangements, will be adequate to permit us to meet our debt service obligations, 
ongoing costs of operations, working capital needs, and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months. 

Our future financial and operating performance, ability to service or refinance our debt, and ability to comply 
with covenants and restrictions contained in our debt agreements will be subject to: (1) future economic conditions, 
(2) the financial health of our customers and suppliers, and (3) financial, business, and other factors, many of which 
are beyond our control. 

Every quarter, we review rating agency changes for all of the lenders that have a continuing obligation to 

provide us with funding. We are not aware of any facts that indicate our lenders will not be able to comply with the 
contractual terms of their agreements with us. We continue to monitor the credit markets generally and the strength 
of our lender counterparties. 

 
From time to time, we repurchase or otherwise retire our debt and take other steps to reduce our debt or 

otherwise improve our leverage. These actions may include open market repurchases, negotiated repurchases, and 
other retirements of outstanding debt. The amount of debt that may be repurchased or otherwise retired, if any, will 
depend on market conditions, our debt trading levels, our cash position, and other considerations.  

Our credit facilities, loan agreements, and indentures contain customary covenants. These include, among 

other things, covenants that restrict USF’s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on 
assets, pay dividends, or engage in mergers or consolidations. As of December 30, 2017, USF had $751 million of 
restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $2,001 million of its net assets were restricted 
after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. 

Certain debt agreements also contain customary events of default. Those include, without limitation, the 

failure to pay interest or principal when it is due under the agreements, cross default provisions, the failure of 
representations and warranties contained in the agreements to be true, and certain insolvency events. If a default 
event occurs and continues, the principal amounts outstanding, together with all unpaid interest and other amounts 
owed, may be declared immediately due and payable by the lenders. Were such an event to occur, we would be 
forced to seek new financing that may not be on as favorable terms as our current facilities. Our ability to refinance 
our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, is directly affected by the current economic and financial conditions. 
In addition, our ability to incur secured indebtedness (which may enable us to achieve more favorable terms than the 
incurrence of unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of our assets. This, in turn, relies on the strength 
of our cash flows, results of operations, economic and market conditions and other factors. As of December 30, 
2017, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 

39 

 

Cash Flows 

For the last three fiscal years, the following table presents condensed highlights from our Consolidated 

Statements of Cash Flows: 
 

  
  
  

Net income 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of 
   business acquisitions 
Other adjustments 
Net cash provided by operating activities 
Net cash used in investing activities 
Net cash used in financing activities 
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

     (*) Amounts may not add due to rounding. 

  
  
  
  $ 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 

Fiscal Year 
(In millions)* 

2017 

    

2016 

    

444     $ 

210     $ 

7       
297       
748       
(356 )     
(405 )     
(12 )     
131       
119     $ 

(78 )     
423       
556       
(762 )     
(180 )     
(387 )     
518       
131     $ 

  
  
  
168   

2015 

(74 ) 
462   
555   
(271 ) 
(110 ) 
174   
344   
518   

Operating Activities 

Cash flows provided by operating activities increased $192 million to $748 in 2017. The year over year 

increase is primarily driven by an improvement in operating income, and lower interest costs due to the 2016 debt 
redemption, defeasance, and refinancings. 

Cash flows provided by operating activities were $556 million and $555 million in 2016 and 2015, 

respectively. The 2015 cash flows provided by operating activities included a $288 million net cash inflow related to 
the termination of the Acquisition. Excluding the net termination fee received, cash flows provided by operating 
activities in 2015 were $267 million. The $289 million increase in the year over year cash flows provided by 
operating activities, excluding the termination fee, is primarily driven by year over year gross profit improvements 
and reductions in operating expenses.  

Investing Activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities includes our strategy to selectively pursue acquisitions to accelerate our 
growth. During 2017, business acquisitions included three broadline distributors and two specialty distributors. Total 
consideration consisted of cash of approximately $182 million. The $221 million of cash spending on property and 
equipment was up from the prior year primarily due to investments in information technology, investments in 
distribution facilities, including warehouse equipment, and the timing of payments for certain fleet assets acquired at 
the end of 2016. Cash flows used in investing activities in 2017 were partially offset by $26 million from property 
and equipment sales, which was primarily our Baltimore distribution facility, and $22 million in proceeds from the 
redemption of a self-funded industrial revenue bond.  See “Financing Activities” below, for discussion of the 
offsetting cash outflow.   

During 2016, business acquisitions included two broadline distributors and two specialty distributors. Total 

consideration consisted of cash of approximately $123 million plus $8 million for the estimated fair value of 
contingent consideration. We also purchased a noncontrolling interest of approximately $8 million in a technology 
company that provides point-of-sale business intelligence to restaurants, which serves to support our sales 
initiatives. Approximately $164 million of purchases were made for property and equipment.  Cash spending on 
property and equipment was down from the prior year primarily due to two 2015 distribution facility 
construction/expansion projects. Proceeds from sales of property and equipment included $12 million from sales of 
closed facilities. Cash flows used in investing activities in 2016 also included the purchase of $485 million of U.S. 
government securities that were subsequently used to defease our $472 million principal CMBS Fixed Facility.  

Cash flows used in investing activities in 2015 included purchases of property and equipment of $187 million, 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment of $5 million, and insurance proceeds of $3 million related to 

40 

 

property damaged by a tornado. Cash flows used in investing activities during 2015 also included the acquisition of 
a broadline distributor for $69 million in cash. We also purchased $22 million of self-funded industrial revenue 
bonds. See “Financing Activities” below, for discussion of the offsetting cash inflow. 

Capital expenditures in 2017, 2016, and 2015 included fleet replacement and investments in information 

technology to improve our business, as well as new construction and/or expansion of distribution facilities. 
Additionally, we entered into $91 million, $80 million, and $110 million of capital lease obligations for fleet 
replacement in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  

We expect total capital additions in 2018 to be between $330 million and $340 million, inclusive of 

approximately $80 million in fleet capital leases. We expect to fund our capital expenditures with available cash or 
cash generated from operations. 

Financing Activities 

Cash flows used in financing activities of $405 million in 2017 included $15 million of net payments on our 

revolving credit facilities, repayment of a $22 million self-funded industrial revenue bond, see “Investing Activities” 
above, for discussion of the offsetting cash inflow, and $85 million of scheduled payments on non-revolving debt 
and capital leases.  Financing activities in 2017 also included $18 million and $16 million of proceeds from the 
exercise of employee stock options and share purchases under our employee stock purchase plan, respectively. This 
cash inflow was partially offset by the remittance of $28 million of employee tax withholdings for vesting and net 
share-settled equity awards.  

During 2017, we closed on four secondary offerings of our common stock held primarily by the Sponsors. We 

did not receive any proceeds from the offerings. The December 4, 2017 offering also included our repurchase of 
10,000,000 shares of our common stock for $280 million, utilizing borrowings from our revolving credit facilities. 
The shares repurchased were retired. 

Cash flows used in financing activities of $180 million in 2016 included net proceeds from our IPO of $1,114 

million, and net proceeds from debt issuances and refinancings. We used the proceeds from these transactions to 
redeem the $1,348 million in principal of the Old Senior Notes, plus an early redemption premium of $29 million, 
and to purchase the U.S. government securities that were subsequently used to defease USF’s CMBS Fixed Facility. 
In addition to the early redemption premium, we incurred approximately $26 million of other debt financing costs 
and fees in connection with the debt refinancings and defeasance. Prior to the IPO, we paid a $666 million one-time 
special cash distribution to our shareholders, of which $657 million was paid to the Sponsors. We funded the 
distribution through a $75 million borrowing under the 2012 ABS Facility, a $239 million borrowing under the ABL 
Facility, and $352 million in available cash. 

Cash flows used in financing activities of $110 million in 2015 included $109 million of payments on debt 
and capital leases, including $50 million of net payments on our 2012 ABS Facility and $2 million of Old Senior 
Notes repurchased from certain entities associated with KKR. Additionally, we repurchased $20 million of our 
redeemable common stock from terminated employees. The shares were acquired pursuant to the management 
stockholder’s agreement associated with our stock incentive plan. 

In January 2015, we entered into a self-funded industrial revenue bond agreement that provided certain tax 

incentives related to the construction of a new distribution facility. We borrowed $22 million of self-funded 
industrial revenue bonds in 2015. See “Investing Activities” above, for discussion of the offsetting cash outflow. 

Retirement Plans 

We have a qualified retirement plan and a nonqualified retirement plan (“Retirement Plans”) that pay benefits 

to certain employees at retirement, generally using formulas based on a participant’s years of service and 
compensation. In addition, we maintain several postretirement health and welfare plans that provide benefits for 
eligible retirees and their dependents. We contributed $36 million to the Retirement Plans in 2017 and 2016, and 
$49 million in 2015, including the post-retirement health and welfare plans. 

41 

 

Certain employees are eligible to participate in USF’s defined contribution 401(k) plan. This plan provides 

that, under certain circumstances, we may match participant contributions of up to 100% of the first 3% of a 
participant’s compensation and 50% of the next 2% of a participant’s compensation, for a maximum matching 
contribution of 4%. We made contributions to this plan of $46 million, $44 million and $32 million in 2017, 2016 
and 2015, respectively. 

We also contribute to various multiemployer benefit plans under certain CBAs. Our contributions to these 

plans were $34 million, $33 million and $34 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Contractual Obligations 

The following table includes information about our significant contractual obligations as of December 30, 

2017 that affect our liquidity and capital needs. The table includes information about payments due under specified 
contractual obligations and includes the maturity profile of our consolidated debt, operating leases and other long-
term liabilities. 
 

  
  
  

Recorded Contractual Obligations: 

Long-term debt, including capital lease 
   obligations 
Unfunded lease obligation(1) 
Self-insured liabilities(2) 
Pension plans and other postretirement benefits 
   contributions(3) 

Unrecorded Contractual Obligations: 

Interest payments on debt(4) 
Operating leases 
Multiemployer contractual minimum pension 
   contributions(5) 
Purchase obligations(6) 

  
    
  
    

  
Total 

Payments Due by Period (In millions) 

     Less Than        
    
       

1 Year 

  

      

  

     1-3 Years       3-5 Years      
       

       

  
     More Than   
  
   

5 Years 

       

  $ 
    
    

    
    
    
    

3,773     $ 
22       
179       

43       
       
696       
162       

109     $ 
3       
49       

36       
       
156       
32       

832     $ 
7       
44       

2       
       
290       
60       

    
    
  $ 

22       
779       
5,676     $ 

4       
778       
1,167     $ 

7       
1       
1,243     $ 

129     $ 
8       
25       

2,703   
4   
61   

2       
       
178       
46       

7       
—       
395     $ 

3   
   
72   
24   

4   
—   
2,871   

Total contractual cash obligations 
 
(1)  Represents installment payments on a distribution facility lease obligation through 2023. 
(2)  Represents the estimated undiscounted payments on our self-insurance programs for general, fleet and 

workers compensation liabilities. Actual payments may differ from these estimates. 

(3)  Represents estimated contributions and benefit payments for Company sponsored pension and other 

postretirement benefit plans. The balance includes $36 million that we expect to contribute to the Company’s 
defined benefit plan, for which estimates beyond 2018 are not available. 

(4)  Represents future interest payments on fixed rate debt, capital leases, an unfunded lease obligation, and $1.7 
billion of variable rate debt at interest rates as of December 30, 2017. The amounts shown in the table include 
interest payments under interest rate swap agreements. 

(5)  Represents minimum contributions to the Central States Plan through 2023. 
(6)  Represents purchase obligations for purchases of product in the normal course of business, for which all 

significant terms have been confirmed, and forward fuel and electricity purchase obligations. 

Other long-term liabilities at December 30, 2017 as disclosed in Note 12, Accrued Expenses and Other Long-
Term Liabilities, to our consolidated financial statements, consist primarily of an uncertain tax position liability of 
$81 million, inclusive of interest and penalties, for which the timing of payment is uncertain, and a $9 million non-
cash purchase accounting adjustment for off-market operating leases, each of which has been excluded from the 
table above. 

42 

 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 30, 2017, we entered into $81 million in letters of credit to secure our obligations with 

respect to certain facility leases. Additionally, we entered into $328 million in letters of credit in favor of certain 
commercial insurers securing our obligations with respect to our self-insurance programs, and $3 million in letters of 
credit for other obligations. 

Except as disclosed above, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that currently have or are reasonably 

likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We have prepared the financial information in this Annual Report in accordance with GAAP.  Preparing these 
consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of 
assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the 
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during these reporting periods. We base our estimates and judgments on 
historical experience and other factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions form 
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from 
other sources. Our most critical accounting policies and estimates pertain to the valuation of goodwill and other 
intangible assets, vendor consideration, self-insurance programs and income taxes.  

Valuation of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess of the fair value of the 
tangible net assets recorded in connection with acquisitions. Other intangible assets include customer relationships, 
non-compete agreements, the brand names comprising our portfolio of private brands, and trademarks. We assess 
goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment each year or more frequently, if events or 
changes in circumstances indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, our 
policy is to assess for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal third quarter. For other intangible assets with 
definite lives, we assess for impairment only if events occur that indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may 
not be recoverable. All goodwill is assigned to our consolidated Company as the reporting unit. 

For goodwill, the reporting unit used in assessing impairment is our one business segment as described in 

Note 24, Business Information, to our consolidated financial statements. Our assessment for impairment of Goodwill 
utilized a combination of discounted cash flow analysis, comparative market multiples, and comparative market 
transaction multiples, which were weighted 40%, 40% and 20%, respectively, to determine the fair value of the 
reporting unit for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. Since the Company has been a registrant for over 
one year, the Company modified the weighting from the prior year (50%, 35% and 15%, respectively) to give more 
weight to the current actual market capitalization and that of its peers. If the carrying value of the reporting unit 
exceeds its fair value, the Company must then perform a comparison of the implied fair value of goodwill with its 
carrying value. If the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized 
in an amount equal to the excess. 

Our fair value estimates of the brand name and trademark indefinite-lived intangible assets are based on a 

relief from royalty method. Similar to goodwill, the fair value of the intangible asset is determined for comparison to 
the corresponding carrying value. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is 
recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 

Based on our fiscal year 2017 annual impairment analysis for goodwill, the fair value of our reporting unit 

exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin. Similarly, the fair value of our trademark indefinite-lived 
intangible assets exceeded the carrying value by a substantial margin. The fair value of our brand name indefinite-
lived intangible assets exceeded the carrying value by less than 20%. However, a 50 basis point increase in the 
discount rate would still result in a fair value of the brand name intangibles that is in excess of its carrying value. 
The recoverability of our brand name indefinite-lived intangible assets could be impacted if estimated future cash 
flows are not achieved. Due to the many variables inherent in estimating fair value and the relative size of the 

43 

 

indefinite-lived intangible assets, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the results of the 
Company’s impairment analysis. 

Vendor Consideration 
We participate in various rebate and promotional incentives with our suppliers, primarily through purchase-
based programs. Consideration under these incentives is estimated during the year based on purchasing activity, as 
our obligations under the programs are fulfilled primarily when products are purchased. Consideration is typically 
received in the form of invoice deductions, or less often in the form of cash payments. Changes in the estimated 
amount of incentives earned are treated as changes in estimates and are recognized in the period of change. 
Historically, adjustments to our estimates for vendor consideration or related allowances have not been significant. 

Self-Insurance Programs 
We estimate liabilities for claims covering general, fleet, and workers’ compensation and group medical 
insurance programs. The amounts in excess of certain levels, which range from $1 million to $10 million per 
occurrence, are insured as a risk reduction strategy to minimize catastrophic losses. General and fleet liability losses 
in excess of our retentions are covered up to approximately $155 million, in the aggregate. We are self-insured for 
group medical claims not covered under collective bargaining agreements. Liabilities associated with these risks 
include an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, and consider historical claims experience, severity 
factors, medical cost trends, and other actuarial assumptions. Differences in the actual future claims experience and 
severity of claims and significant changes in health care cost trends could cause actual claims to differ from our 
estimates.  

Income Taxes 
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred 

tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the 
consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the 
differences between the consolidated financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax 
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on 
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We record 
net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized.     

An uncertain tax position is recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon 

examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. 
Uncertain tax positions are recorded at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained. We adjust the 
amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new 
information not previously available. These differences are reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense 
in the period in which they are determined. At this time, we believe it is reasonably possible that the liability for 
unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by approximately $64 million in the next 12 months as a result of the 
completion of tax audits, the expiration of the statute of limitations, or the receipt of affirmative written consent of 
the IRS to change a method of accounting. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 3, Recent Accounting Pronouncements, 

to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are exposed to certain risks arising from both our business operations and overall economic conditions. We 

principally manage our exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through managing our core business 
activities. We manage economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the 
amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding. During 2017, we entered into derivative financial instruments to assist 
in managing our exposure to variable interest rate terms on certain borrowings. We do not enter into derivatives or 
other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

44 

 

Interest Rate Risk 
Market risk is the possibility of loss from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and 
commodity prices. As of December 30, 2017, after considering interest rate swaps that fixed the interest rate on $1.1 
billion of principal of our variable rate Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan, approximately 46% of the principal 
amount of our debt bears interest at floating rates, based on LIBOR or ABR, as defined in our credit agreements. A 
1% change in LIBOR and ABR would cause the interest expense on our floating rate debt to change by 
approximately $17 million per year (see Note 11, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements).  

Commodity Price Risk 
We are also exposed to risk due to fluctuations in the price and availability of diesel fuel. Increases in the cost 
of diesel fuel can negatively affect consumer spending, raise the price we pay for products, and increase the costs we 
incur to deliver products to our customers. To minimize fuel cost risk, we enter into forward purchase commitments 
for a portion of our projected diesel fuel requirements. As of December 30, 2017, we had diesel fuel forward 
purchase commitments totaling $33 million through June 2018. These locked in approximately 57% of our projected 
diesel fuel purchase needs for the contracted periods. Our remaining fuel purchase needs will occur at market rates. 
Using published market price projections for diesel and estimated fuel consumption needs, a 10% unfavorable 
change in diesel prices from the projected market prices could result in approximately $3 million in additional fuel 
cost on such uncommitted volumes. 

 

45 

 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended   

December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016 

  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended  

December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended,  

     December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016 

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 

 

Page No. 

 

47 
48 

49 

50 

51 
52 

46 

 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of US Foods Holding Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of US Foods Holding Corp. and subsidiaries (the 
"Company") as of December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the related consolidated statements of 
comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 30, 2017 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the 
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 30, 
2017 and December 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in 
the period ended December 30, 2017, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 
States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2017, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2018, expressed an unqualified 
opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with 
the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the 
PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

Chicago, Illinois   
February 27, 2018   
 
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2006. 

47 

 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(In thousands) 
 

ASSETS 
CURRENT ASSETS: 

  

Cash and cash equivalents 
Accounts receivable, less allowances of $25,971 and $25,388 
Vendor receivables, less allowances of $2,934 and $1,819 
Inventories—net 
Prepaid expenses 
Assets held for sale 
Other current assets 
Total current assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT—Net 
GOODWILL 
OTHER INTANGIBLES—Net 
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS 
OTHER ASSETS 
TOTAL ASSETS 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
CURRENT LIABILITIES: 
Bank checks outstanding 
Accounts payable 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
Current portion of long-term debt 
Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM DEBT 
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES 
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 21) 
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY: 

Common stock, $0.01 par value—600,000 shares authorized; 
     214,963 and 220,929 issued and outstanding as of 
     December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively 
Additional paid-in capital 
Accumulated earnings (deficit) 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
Total shareholders’ equity 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

48 

December 30, 

December 31, 

  
     
     
   $ 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   $ 
     
     
   $ 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     

2017 

    
        
        
118,849      $ 
1,301,631        
97,198        
1,207,830        
80,255        
5,178        
8,440        
2,819,381        
1,801,215        
3,966,565        
363,618        
21,505        
64,874        
9,037,158      $ 
        
        
153,565      $ 
1,289,349        
450,742        
109,226        
2,002,882        
3,648,055        
263,322        
371,536        
6,285,795        
        
        

2016 

  
   
   
131,090   
1,226,032   
105,542   
1,223,037   
72,650   
21,039   
9,781   
2,789,171   
1,767,611   
3,908,484   
386,881   
34,405   
57,898   
8,944,450   
   
   
142,712   
1,294,796   
455,815   
75,962   
1,969,285   
3,705,751   
380,835   
350,929   
6,406,800   
   
   

     
     
     
     
     
   $ 

2,150        
2,721,454        
123,514        
(95,755 )      
2,751,363        
9,037,158      $ 

2,209   
2,791,264   
(136,460 ) 
(119,363 ) 
2,537,650   
8,944,450   

  

Fiscal Years Ended 

 

December 30, 

December 31, 

January 2, 

   

   

2016 

2016 

2017 

 
  
  $  24,147,161    $  22,918,808    $  23,127,532  
     19,929,618       18,865,536       19,114,293  
4,013,239  
    
    
  
3,650,704  
    
172,707  
    
3,823,411  
    
    
189,828  
287,500  
    
285,175  
    
—  
    
    
192,153  
24,635  
    
167,518  
    
  
    
    
83,663  
—  
    
251,181  
  $ 
  
    
  $ 
0.99  
0.98  
  $ 
    
  
    222,383,038      200,129,868      169,560,616  
    225,663,785      204,024,726      171,060,720   

4,217,543      
      
3,644,290      
(571 )    
3,643,719      
573,824      
—      
169,582      
—      
404,242      
(40,052 )    
444,294      
      
16,171      
7,437      
467,902    $ 
      
2.00    $ 
1.97    $ 
      

4,053,272      
      
3,585,986      
53,465      
3,639,451      
413,821      
—      
229,080      
53,632      
131,109      
(78,685 )    
209,794      
      
(44,985 )    
—      
164,809    $ 
      
1.05    $ 
1.03    $ 
      

 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 

  

  

NET SALES 
COST OF GOODS SOLD 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Distribution, selling and administrative costs 
Restructuring (benefit) charges and tangible asset impairments 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING INCOME 
ACQUISITION TERMINATION FEES—Net 
INTEREST EXPENSE—Net 
LOSS ON EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT 

Income before income taxes 

INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) PROVISION 
NET INCOME 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)—Net of tax: 

Changes in retirement benefit obligations, net 
Unrecognized gain on interest rate swaps, net 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
NET INCOME PER SHARE 

Basic 
Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 
Diluted 

 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

49 

 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
(In thousands) 
 
  

        

BALANCE—December 27, 2014 

  

Settlements/reclassifications of 
   Redeemable common stock 
Share-based compensation 
   expense 
Changes in retirement benefit 
   obligations, net of income tax 
Net income 

BALANCE—January 2, 2016 

Settlements/reclassifications of 
   Redeemable common stock 
Share-based compensation 
   expense 
Net proceeds from initial public 
   offering 
Cash distribution to shareholders 
   ($3.94 per share - Note 14) 
Proceeds from employee share 
   purchase plan 
Share-based awards vested/exercised 
Common stock and share-based 
   awards settled 
Changes in retirement benefit 
   obligations, net of income tax 
Net income 

BALANCE—December 31, 2016 

Share-based compensation 
   expense 
Proceeds from employee share 
   purchase plan 
Exercise of stock options 
Net share-settled stock options 
Vested restricted stock units-net 
Performance restricted shares-net 
Tax withholding payments for 
   net share-settled equity awards 
Common stock repurchased 
Changes in retirement benefit 
   obligations, net of income tax 
Unrecognized gain on 
   interest rate swaps, 
   net of income tax 
Net income 

BALANCE—December 30, 2017 
 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

—      
   
—      
   
    214,963    $ 

      
Number of 
Common 
Shares     
 
    166,667    $ 

Common 
Shares at 
Par Value    

       
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital     
1,667    $ 2,292,178    $ 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)          
   
        
Accumulated 
Retirement 

Benefit 

Earnings 
(Deficit) 

Shareholders' 
Equity 
   
  
(513,772 )  $  (158,041 )  $  —    $ (158,041 )  $ 
1,622,032   

   
Obligations    

Interest 
Rate 
Swaps      Total 

Total 

  

Accumulated Other 

   

   

—      

—      

—      

—      

(8,091 )    

8,055      

—      
   
—      
   
    166,667    $ 

—      
—      

—      
—      
1,667    $ 2,292,142    $ 

—      

—      

—      

167,518         
(346,254 )  $ 

—       —      

—       —      

—      

—      

(8,091 ) 

8,055   

83,663        
       

      83,663      
—      
     
(74,378 )  $  —    $  (74,378 )  $ 

83,663   
167,518   
1,873,177   

   

   

   

   

   
   

   

2,522      

25      

43,086      

—      

—      

14,856      

51,111      

511      1,113,288      

—      

—       (666,332 )    

174      
459      

2      
4      

3,352      
(4 )    

(4 )    

—      

(9,124 )    

—      
   
—      
   
    220,929    $ 

—      
—      

—      
—      
2,209    $ 2,791,264    $ 

—      

—      

—      

—      

—      
—      

—      

—       —      

—       —      

—       —      

—       —      

—       —      
—       —      

—       —      

—      

—      

—      

—      

—      
—      

—      

—      

      (44,985 )    
—      
     
209,794         
(136,460 )  $  (119,363 )  $  —    $ (119,363 )  $ 

(44,985 )      
       

—      

—      

19,908      

645      
1,676      
1,192      
280      
241      

7      
17      
12      
3      
2      

15,803      
18,369      
(12 )    
(3 )    
(2 )    

—      

—      
—      
—      
—      
—      

—      
(10,000 )    

—      
(100 )    

(28,293 )    
(95,580 )    

—      
(184,320 )    

—       —      

—       —      
—       —      
—       —      
—       —      
—       —      

—       —      
—       —      

—      

—      
—      
—      
—      
—      

—      
—      

43,111   

14,856   

1,113,799   

(666,332 ) 

3,354   
—   

(9,124 ) 

(44,985 ) 
209,794   
2,537,650   

19,908   

15,810   
18,386   
—   
—   
—   

(28,293 ) 
(280,000 ) 

—      

—      

—      

—      

16,171       —       16,171      

16,171   

   

   
   
   
   
   

   
   

   

—      
—      

—      
—      
2,150    $ 2,721,454    $ 

—      
7,437      
—      
444,294      
123,514    $  (103,192 )  $  7,437    $  (95,755 )  $ 

—       7,437      
—       —      

7,437   
444,294   
2,751,363   

50 

 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(In thousands) 

  

  

  
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by 
   operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
Gain on disposal of property and equipment, net 
Tangible asset impairment charges 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 
Amortization of deferred financing costs 
Amortization of Senior Notes original issue premium 
Insurance proceeds related to operating activities 
Insurance benefit in net income 
Deferred tax (benefit) provision 
Share-based compensation expense 
Provision for doubtful accounts 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions: 

(Increase) decrease in receivables 
Decrease (increase) in inventories 
(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and bank checks outstanding 
Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of businesses—net of cash 
Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 
Purchases of property and equipment 
Investment in Avero, LLC 
Investment in marketable securities 
Insurance proceeds related to investing activities 
Proceeds from redemption of industrial revenue bonds 
Purchase of industrial revenue bonds 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from debt borrowings 
Proceeds from debt refinancing 
Principal payments on debt and capital leases 
Repayment of industrial revenue bonds 
Redemption of Old Senior Notes 
Payment for debt financing costs and fees 
Net proceeds from initial public offering 
Cash distribution to shareholders 
Contingent consideration paid for business acquisitions 
Proceeds from employee share purchase plan 
Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
Tax withholding payments for net share-settled equity awards 
Proceeds from common stock sales 
Common stock repurchased 
Common stock and share-based awards settled 
Net cash used in financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS—Beginning of year 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS—End of year 
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest (net of amounts capitalized) 
Income taxes paid—net 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Property and equipment purchases included in accounts payable 
Capital lease additions 
Cashless exercise of equity awards 
Contingent consideration payable for acquisition of businesses 
Marketable securities transferred in connection with the legal 
   defeasance of the CMBS Fixed Loan Facility 
CMBS Fixed Loan Facility defeasance 
Restricted cash transferred to cash and cash equivalents 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 

Fiscal Years Ended 

  

December 30, 

December 31, 

January 2, 

2017 

     
      

  
444,294       $ 

2016 

     
      

  
209,794       $ 

2016 

  
   
167,518   

  
  
  
   $ 

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   $ 
  
     
  
     
   $ 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  

  
      
  
377,877      
  
(3,684 )   
  
1,807      
—      
  
  
5,725      
—      
  
—      
  
—      
  
  
(122,928 )   
  
20,532      
  
17,999      
  
      
  
(67,001 )   
  
40,403      
  
(23,882 )   
  
16,570      
  
40,735      
  
748,447      
  
      
  
(182,210 )   
  
25,521      
  
(221,281 )   
—      
  
—      
  
—      
  
  
22,139      
—      
  
  
(355,831 )   
  
      
  
2,549,982      
—      
  
  
(2,650,157 )   
  
(22,139 )   
—      
  
  
(1,477 )   
—      
  
—      
  
  
(6,375 )   
  
15,810      
  
18,386      
  
(28,293 )   
—      
  
  
(280,000 )   
  
(594 )   
  
(404,857 )   
  
(12,241 )   
131,090      
  
118,849       $ 
     
     
158,310       $ 
  
11,127      
  
      
30,664      
  
  
91,149      
  
30,136      
4,200      
  

     
     

  
      
  
421,371      
  
(6,265 )   
  
125      
  
53,632      
  
7,252      
  
(1,664 )   
  
10,499      
  
(10,499 )   
  
(80,434 )   
  
18,355      
  
11,112      
  
      
  
21,555      
  
(100,579 )   
  
6,199      
  
131,044      
  
(135,855 )   
  
555,642      
  
      
  
(122,294 )   
  
16,827      
  
(164,395 )   
  
(7,658 )   
  
(484,624 )   
—      
  
—      
  
—      
  
  
(762,144 )   
  
      
  
2,706,535      
  
2,213,803      
  
(4,140,760 )   
—      
  
  
(1,376,927 )   
  
(25,941 )   
  
1,113,799      
  
(666,332 )   
—      
  
  
3,354      
—      
  
—      
  
  
2,850      
—      
  
  
(10,591 )   
  
(180,210 )   
  
(386,712 )   
517,802      
  
131,090       $ 
     
     
222,742       $ 
  
  
  
  
  
  

4,571      
      
50,349      
80,118      
—      
8,375      

     
     

—      
—      
—      

  
  
  

484,624      
471,615      
6,147      

  
  
  

   
399,247   
(2,010 ) 
6,293   
—   
13,261   
(3,330 ) 
23,243   
(20,083 ) 
17,606   
15,832   
12,103   
   
9,600   
(55,047 ) 
(20,716 ) 
(71,448 ) 
63,699   
555,768   
   
(69,481 ) 
5,048   
(187,409 ) 
—   
—   
2,771   
—   
(22,139 ) 
(271,210 ) 
   
22,139   
—   
(109,489 ) 
—   
—   
(3,573 ) 
—   
—   
—   
—   
—   
—   
500   
—   
(19,992 ) 
(110,415 ) 
174,143   
343,659   
517,802   
  
  
345,732   
7,861   
   
26,885   
110,097   
—   
—   

—   
—   
—   

 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
1. 

  OVERVIEW AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
US Foods Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as 
“we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” or “US Foods.” US Foods conducts all of its operations through its wholly 
owned subsidiary US Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“USF”). All of the Company’s indebtedness, as further 
described in Note 11, Debt, is an obligation of USF. US Foods was previously controlled by investment funds 
associated with or designated by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC (“CD&R”) and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & 
Co., L.P. (“KKR”), as discussed in Note 14, Related Party Transactions. KKR and CD&R are collectively 
referred to herein as the “Sponsors”. 
Business Description—The Company, through USF, operates in one business segment in which it markets 
and primarily distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers 
throughout the United States. These customers include independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, 
regional concepts, national restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, 
government and military organizations, colleges and universities, and retail locations. 
Basis of Presentation—The Company operates on a 52-53 week fiscal year, with all periods ending on a 
Saturday. When a 53-week fiscal year occurs, the Company reports the additional week in the fiscal fourth 
quarter. The fiscal years ended December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016, and January 2, 2016 are also referred 
to herein as fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The Company’s fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were 
52-week fiscal years. The Company’s fiscal year 2015 was a 53-week fiscal year. 
Initial Public Offering—On June 1, 2016, the Company closed its initial public offering (“IPO”) selling 
51,111,111 shares of common stock for a cash offering price of $23.00 per share ($21.9075 per share net of 
underwriter discounts and commissions and before offering expenses).  The net proceeds of the IPO were used 
to redeem $1,090 million principal of the Company’s 8.5% Senior Notes due June 30, 2019 (the “Old Senior 
Notes”), and pay the related $23 million early redemption premium.  
Terminated Acquisition by Sysco—On December 8, 2013, US Foods entered into an agreement and plan of 
merger (the “Acquisition Agreement”) with Sysco Corporation (“Sysco”) and certain of its subsidiaries, for 
Sysco to acquire US Foods (the “Acquisition”) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Acquisition Agreement. On February 2, 2015, the parties entered into an asset purchase agreement (the “Asset 
Purchase Agreement”) with Performance Food Group, Inc. (“PFG”), through which PFG agreed to 
purchase eleven USF distribution centers and related assets and liabilities, in connection with and subject to 
the closing of the Acquisition. In February 2015, following completion of its regulatory review of the 
proposed Acquisition, the US Federal Trade Commission filed a motion with the U.S. District Court of 
Columbia (“Court”) seeking a preliminary injunction to block the proposed Acquisition, which the Court 
granted on June 23, 2015. 

On June 26, 2015, the parties terminated the Acquisition Agreement, and the Asset Purchase Agreement 
automatically terminated. Sysco paid the Company a termination fee of $300 million in connection with the 
termination of the Acquisition Agreement. USF paid a termination fee of $12.5 million to PFG pursuant to the 
terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

2. 

 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Principles of Consolidation —Consolidated financial statements include the accounts of US Foods and its 
wholly owned subsidiary, USF. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
Use of Estimates—Consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). This requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during 
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The most critical estimates used in the 

52 

 

preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements pertain to the valuation of goodwill and other 
intangible assets, vendor consideration, self-insurance programs, and income taxes. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents—The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a 
maturity of three or fewer months to be cash equivalents. 
Accounts Receivable —Accounts receivable represent amounts due from customers in the ordinary course of 
business and are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Receivables are presented net of the 
allowance for doubtful accounts in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company evaluates 
the collectability of its accounts receivable and determines the appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts 
based on a combination of factors. When the Company determines that a loss is probable, a specific allowance 
for doubtful accounts is recorded, reducing the receivable to the net amount we reasonably expect to collect. 
In addition, allowances are recorded for all other receivables based on historic collection trends, write-offs and 
the aging of receivables. The Company uses specific criteria to determine uncollectible receivables to be 
written off, including bankruptcy, accounts referred to outside parties for collection, and accounts past due 
over specified periods. 
Vendor Consideration and Receivables—The Company participates in various rebate and promotional 
incentives with its suppliers, primarily through purchase-based programs. Consideration earned, is estimated 
during the year, as the Company’s obligations under the programs are fulfilled, which is primarily when 
products are purchased. Changes in the estimated amount of incentives earned, are recognized in the period of 
change. 

Vendor consideration is typically deducted from invoices or collected in cash within 30 days of being earned. 
Vendor receivables represent the uncollected balance of the vendor consideration. Since collections occur 
primarily from deducting the consideration from the amounts due to the vendor, the Company does not 
experience significant collectability issues. The Company evaluates the collectability of its vendor receivables 
based on specific vendor information and vendor collection history. 
Inventories—The Company’s inventories, consisting mainly of food and other foodservice-related products, 
are primarily considered finished goods. Inventory costs include the purchase price of the product, freight 
charges to deliver it to the Company’s warehouses, and depreciation and labor related to processing facilities 
and equipment, and are net of certain cash or non-cash consideration received from vendors. The Company 
assesses the need for valuation allowances for slow-moving, excess and obsolete inventories by estimating the 
net recoverable value of such goods based upon inventory category, inventory age, specifically identified 
items, and overall economic conditions. 
The Company records inventories at the lower of cost or market using the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method. 
The base year values of beginning and ending inventories are determined using the inventory price index 
computation method. This “links” current costs to original costs in the base year when the Company adopted 
LIFO.  At December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the LIFO balance sheet reserves were $130 million 
and $116 million, respectively. As a result of net changes in LIFO reserves, cost of goods sold increased $14 
million in fiscal year 2017, and decreased  $18 million and $74 million in fiscal years 2016, and 2015, 
respectively. 
Property and Equipment—Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and 
equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which 
range from three to 40 years. Property and equipment under capital leases and leasehold improvements are 
amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the remaining term of the related lease or the estimated 
useful lives of the assets. 

Routine maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Applicable interest charges incurred 
during the construction of new facilities or development of software for internal use are capitalized as one of 
the elements of cost and are amortized over the useful life of the respective assets. 

Property and equipment held and used by the Company are tested for recoverability whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. 
For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of property and equipment, the Company compares the carrying 
value of the asset or asset group to the estimated, undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by 
the long-lived asset or asset group. If the future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, the carrying 

53 

 

value is compared to the fair value of such asset. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, an impairment 
charge is recorded for the excess. 
The Company also assesses the recoverability of its closed facilities actively marketed for sale. If a facility’s 
carrying value exceeds its fair value, less an estimated cost to sell, an impairment charge is recorded for the 
excess. Assets held for sale are not depreciated. 

Impairments are recorded as a component of restructuring and tangible asset impairments in the Consolidated 
Statements of Comprehensive Income, and a reduction of the asset’s carrying value in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. 
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets—Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the 
acquired business in excess of the fair value of the net tangible assets acquired. Other intangible assets include 
customer relationships, noncompete agreements, the brand names comprising our portfolio of exclusive 
brands, and trademarks. As required, we assess goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives for 
impairment annually, or more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill 
and indefinite-lived intangible assets, our policy is to assess for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal 
third quarter. For other intangible assets with definite lives, we assess for impairment only if events occur that 
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. All goodwill is assigned to the 
consolidated Company as the reporting unit. 
Self-Insurance Programs—The Company estimates its liabilities for claims covering general, fleet, and 
workers’ compensation. Amounts in excess of certain levels, which range from $1-10 million per occurrence, 
are insured as a risk reduction strategy, to mitigate catastrophic losses. The workers’ compensation liability is 
discounted, as the amount and timing of cash payments is reliably determinable given the nature of benefits 
and the level of historic claim volume to support the actuarial assumptions and judgments used to derive the 
expected loss payment pattern. The amount accrued is discounted using an interest rate that approximates the 
U.S. Treasury rate consistent with the duration of the liability. However, the inherent uncertainty of future loss 
projections could cause actual claims to differ from our estimates. 

We are self-insured for group medical claims not covered under collective bargaining agreements. The 
Company accrues its self-insured medical liability, including an estimate for incurred but not reported claims, 
based on known claims and past claims history. These accruals are included in accrued expenses and other 
long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Share-Based Compensation—Certain directors, officers and employees participate in the 2016 US Foods 
Holding Corp. Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”) which provides a means through which the 
Company may grant equity and equity incentive awards of US Foods common stock. Certain officers and 
employees also hold outstanding equity awards granted pursuant to the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key 
Employees of USF Holding Corp. and its Affiliates, as amended (“2007 Plan”) which terminated according to 
its terms on December 21, 2017. The termination of the 2007 Plan has no effect on any outstanding awards, 
however, no shares of US Foods common stock are available for future issuance under the 2007 Plan. 
Additionally, most of the Company’s employees are eligible to participate in the US Foods Holding Corp. 
Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Stock Purchase Plan”), which allows for the 
purchase of US Foods common stock at a discount of up to 15% of the fair market value of a share at periodic 
acquisition dates. Shares issued to satisfy employee share-based award programs come from shares reserved 
for issuance under the respective award programs.  US Foods contributes shares to USF for employee 
purchases, and upon exercise of options or grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units.  The Company 
does not maintain treasury shares, as shares repurchased by the Company are retired upon reacquisition.   

The Company measures compensation expense for stock-based awards at fair value at the date of grant, and 
recognizes compensation expense over the service period for awards expected to vest. Forfeitures are 
recognized as incurred. Fair value is the closing price per share for the Company’s common stock as reported 
on the NYSE. Prior to the IPO, the grant date fair value was measured at the end of each fiscal quarter using 
the combination of a market and income approach. The computed value was applied to all stock and stock 
award activity in the subsequent quarter.  

Compensation expense for the Stock Purchase Plan represents the difference between the fair market value at 
acquisition date and the employee purchase price.  
Redeemable Common Stock—Redeemable common stock is a security with redemption features that are 
outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not 

54 

 

mandatorily redeemable.  Prior to the IPO, common stock owned by management and key employees, 
including vested restricted shares and vested restricted stock units, was subject to certain redemption features 
and, accordingly was classified as Redeemable common stock.  In connection with the IPO, the management 
stockholder’s agreement was amended, and common stock no longer has a redemption feature that is outside 
the Company’s control that could require the Company to redeem these shares. Accordingly, the amounts 
previously reflected in redeemable common stock, were reclassified to shareholders’ equity during the second 
quarter of 2016. 
Business Acquisitions—The Company accounts for business acquisitions under the acquisition method.  
Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The operating 
results of the acquired companies are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the 
date of acquisition. 
Revenue Recognition—The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of product when title and risk of loss 
passes and the customer accepts the goods, which generally occurs at delivery. The Company grants certain 
customers sales incentives—such as rebates or discounts—and treats these as a reduction of sales at the time 
the sale is recognized. Sales taxes invoiced to customers and remitted to governmental authorities are 
excluded from net sales.  
Cost of Goods Sold —Cost of goods sold includes amounts paid to vendors for products sold—net of vendor 
consideration and the cost of transportation necessary to bring the products to the Company’s distribution 
facilities. Depreciation related to processing facilities and equipment is presented in cost of goods sold. 
Because the majority of the inventories are finished goods, depreciation related to warehouse facilities and 
equipment is presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. See inventories section above for 
discussion of the LIFO impact on cost of goods sold. 
Shipping and Handling Costs—Shipping and handling costs—which include costs related to the selection of 
products and their delivery to customers—are presented in distribution, selling and administrative costs. 
Shipping and handling costs were $1.6 billion in 2017 and 2016, and $1.5 billion in 2015. 
Income Taxes—The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. This requires 
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that 
have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax 
basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are 
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in 
income during the period that includes the enactment date. Net deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent 
the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. 

An uncertain tax position is recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon 
examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. 
Uncertain tax positions are recorded at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained. The 
Company adjusts the amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions when its judgment changes, as a result of 
evaluating new information not previously available. These differences are reflected as increases or decreases 
to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. 
Derivative Financial Instruments— The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to assist in 
managing its exposure to variable interest rates on certain borrowings. The Company does not enter into 
derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Interest rate swaps, designated 
as cash flow hedges, are recorded in the Company’s Consolidated Balance sheet at fair value.  
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into forward purchase agreements to procure fuel, 
electricity and product commodities related to its business. These agreements often meet the definition of a 
derivative. However, the Company does not measure its forward purchase commitments at fair value as the 
amounts under contract meet the physical delivery criteria in the normal purchase exception under GAAP 
guidance. 
Concentration Risks—Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist 
primarily of cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company’s cash equivalents are invested primarily 
in money market funds at major financial institutions. Credit risk related to accounts receivable is dispersed 

55 

 

3. 

across a larger number of customers located throughout the United States. The Company attempts to reduce 
credit risk through initial and ongoing credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition. There were no 
receivables from any one customer representing more than 5% of our consolidated gross accounts receivable 
at December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  
In February 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 
(“ASU”) No. 2018-02, Income Statement, Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Reclassification of 
Certain Tax Effects From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This ASU permits an entity to 
reclassify the income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) on items within 
accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. The FASB refers to these amounts as 
“stranded tax effects.” The amendments in this ASU also require certain disclosures about stranded tax effects. 
This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within 
those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be applied either in the 
period of adoption or retrospectively to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. 
federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Act is recognized. The Company is currently reviewing the 
provisions of the new standard.  
In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):Targeted 
Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities, to better align a company’s risk management activities 
and financial reporting for hedging relationships, simplify the hedge accounting requirements, and improve 
the disclosures of hedging arrangements.  This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods 
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company 
adopted the guidance in this ASU at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, with no impact to its financial position 
or results of operations. The Company’s only hedging activities are its interest rate swaps designated as cash 
flow hedges, which are highly effective. 
In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of 
Modification Accounting. This ASU provides guidance on determining which changes to the terms and 
conditions of share-based payment awards require an entity to apply modification accounting. This ASU 
should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. This guidance is effective 
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The 
Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of fiscal year 2018, with no effect to its financial position or 
results of operations, as the Company has not modified, and does not expect to modify any share-based 
payment awards.  
In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, Compensation—Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): 
Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost. This 
ASU requires an employer to report the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and net periodic 
postretirement benefit cost in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from services 
rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. It also requires the other components of net periodic 
pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost to be presented in the income statement separately 
from the service cost component and outside income from operations. Additionally, only the service cost 
component is eligible for capitalization, when applicable. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and 
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in this update 
require retrospective presentation in the income statement. The Company does not expect the provisions of the 
new standard to materially affect its financial position or results of operations, as the reclassification of other 
components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost to non-operating expense 
is not expected to have a significant effect on operating income. 
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): 
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by 
eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. The amendment also eliminates the requirement for any 
reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that 
qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. An entity has the option to perform the 
qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. This 
guidance is effective for the annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after 

56 

 

December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on 
testing dates after January 1, 2017. The new standard is not expected to materially affect the Company’s 
financial position or results of operations, as the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit exceeded its 
carrying value by a substantial margin, based on the fiscal year 2017 annual impairment analysis.   
In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted 
Cash, which clarifies the presentation of restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. Amounts generally 
described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents 
when reconciling the beginning and ending cash balances on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is 
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. 
This ASU should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. This standard 
does not have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements as restricted cash is not material. 
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): 
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which requires entities to use a forward looking, 
expected loss model to estimate credit losses.  It also requires additional disclosure related to credit quality of 
trade and other receivables, including information related to management’s estimate of credit allowances.  
This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after 
December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of the new 
standard to materially affect its financial position or results of operations. 
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes Accounting 
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 840, Leases. This ASU does not significantly impact lessor accounting. The 
ASU requires lessees to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for almost all leases. Lessees are 
permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize the asset and liability for leases with a term 
of 12 months or less. In addition, the ASU expands the disclosure requirements of lease arrangements. 
Adoption of this guidance will use a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of 
practical expedients. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, 
beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Upon adoption, US Foods expects an 
increase to assets and liabilities on its balance sheet. The Company has begun gathering lease data, reviewing 
its lease portfolio, and completing the overall adoption impacts assessment. 
In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which has been 
introduced into the FASB’s ASC as Topic 606. Topic 606, as amended, replaces Topic 605, the previous 
revenue recognition guidance. The new standard’s core principle is for companies to recognize revenue to 
depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration (that is, 
payment) to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new 
standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provide guidance for transactions that were 
not previously addressed comprehensively (for example, service revenue and contract modifications) and 
improve guidance for multiple-element arrangements. The Company adopted this standard at the beginning of 
fiscal year 2018, with no significant impact, using the modified retrospective method.  

The Company has revised its relevant policies and procedures, as applicable, to meet the new accounting, 
reporting and disclosure requirements of Topic 606 and has updated internal controls accordingly. 

4. 

BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS  
Business acquisitions during fiscal year 2017 included (1) certain assets of The Thompson Co., L.L.C.,  
Braunger Foods, LLC, and Variety Foods, L.L.C., broadline distributors all owned and operated by TOBA 
Inc., acquired in July; (2) the stock of Riverside Food Distributors, LLC, d/b/a F. Christiana and Co., a 
broadline distributor, acquired in June; (3) the stock of FirstClass Foods-Trojan, Inc., d/b/a FirstClass Foods, a 
meat processor, acquired in April; (4) certain assets of SRA Foods. Inc., a meat processor and distributor, 
acquired in March; and (5) certain assets of All American Foods, a broadline distributor, acquired in February. 
Total consideration consisted of cash of approximately $182 million.  In fiscal year 2017, the Company also 
paid a minor purchase price adjustment related to a 2016 business acquisition.  

Business acquisitions during fiscal year 2016 included (1) the stock of Bay-N-Gulf, Inc., d/b/a Save On 
Seafood, a seafood processor and distributor, acquired in October; (2) certain assets of Jeraci Food 
Distributors, Inc., an Italian specialty distributor, acquired in October; (3) the stock of Fresh Unlimited, Inc., 

57 

 

d/b/a Freshway Foods, a produce processor, repacker, and distributor, acquired in June; and (4) certain assets 
of Cara Donna Provisions Co., Inc. and Cara Donna Properties LLC, a broadline distributor, acquired in 
March. Total consideration consisted of cash of approximately $123 million.   

Business acquisitions periodically provide for contingent consideration, including earnout agreements in the 
event certain operating results are achieved, which are generally over periods of up to two years from the 
respective dates of such acquisitions. During fiscal year 2017, the Company paid approximately $8 million of 
earnout contingent consideration related to 2016 business acquisitions, of which $6 million was included as 
part of the fair value of the acquisition date assets and liabilities, and is reflected in the Company’s 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in Cash flows from financing activities. As of December 30, 2017, 
aggregate contingent consideration outstanding for business acquisitions was approximately $6 million, 
including approximately $1 million for the estimated fair value of earnout liabilities.  
The business acquisitions, reflected in the Company’s consolidated financial statements commencing from the 
date of acquisition, did not materially affect the Company’s results of operations or financial position and, 
therefore, pro forma financial information has not been provided. Acquisitions are integrated into the 
Company’s foodservice distribution network and funded primarily with cash from operations. 

The following table summarizes the purchase price allocations for the 2017 and 2016 business acquisitions as 
follows (in thousands): 

  

Accounts receivable 
Inventories 
Other current assets 
Property and equipment 
Goodwill 
Other intangible assets 
Accounts payable 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
Deferred income taxes 
Long-term debt 

Cash paid for acquisitions 

     

2017 
17,108     $ 
25,232       
677       
29,492       
58,528       
72,050       
(7,986 )     
(5,837 )     
(7,277 )     
—       

2016 
  
  
   
22,871
  $ 
9,493   
    
732   
    
24,119   
    
32,570   
    
64,130   
    
(16,216 ) 
    
(12,173 ) 
    
—   
    
    
(2,514 ) 
  $  181,987     $  123,012   

ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS 
A summary of the activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the last three fiscal years is as follows (in 
thousands): 

  

Balance at beginning of year 

  
  
  $  25,388     $  22,623     $  24,989   
12,103   
Charged to costs and expenses 
    
Customer accounts written off—net of recoveries     
(14,469 ) 
  $  25,971     $  25,388     $  22,623   

17,999       
(17,416 )     

11,112       
(8,347 )     

Balance at end of year 

2017 

2016 

2015 

    

    

This table excludes the vendor receivable related allowance for doubtful accounts of $3 million at 
December 30, 2017, and $2 million at December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016.  

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE FINANCING PROGRAM 
Under its accounts receivable financing facility dated as of August 27, 2012, as amended (the “2012 ABS 
Facility”), USF sells, on a revolving basis, its eligible receivables to a wholly owned, special purpose, 
bankruptcy remote subsidiary (the “Receivables Company”). The Receivables Company, in turn, grants a 
continuing security interest in all of its rights, title and interest in the eligible receivables to the administrative 
agent, for the benefit of the lenders as defined by the 2012 ABS Facility. The Company consolidates the 

58 

  
 

 

 
 
5. 

 

 

6. 

 

Receivables Company and, consequently, the transfer of the receivables is a transaction internal to the 
Company and the receivables have not been derecognized from the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
On a daily basis, cash from accounts receivable collections is remitted to the Company as additional eligible 
receivables are sold to the Receivables Company. If, on a weekly settlement basis, there are not sufficient 
eligible receivables available as collateral, the Company is required to either provide cash collateral or, in lieu 
of providing cash collateral, it can pay down its borrowings on the 2012 ABS Facility to cover the shortfall. 
Due to sufficient eligible receivables available as collateral, no cash collateral was held at December 30, 2017 
or December 31, 2016. Included in the Company’s accounts receivable balance as of December 30, 2017 and 
December 31, 2016 was $964 million and $923 million, respectively, of receivables held as collateral in 
support of the 2012 ABS Facility. See Note 11, Debt for a further description of the 2012 ABS Facility. 

ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 
The Company classifies its closed facilities as assets held for sale at the time management commits to a plan 
to sell the facility, the facility is actively marketed and available for immediate sale, and the sale is expected to 
be completed within one year. Due to market conditions, certain facilities may be classified as assets held for 
sale for more than one year as the Company continues to actively market the facilities at reasonable prices. 

The changes in assets held for sale for fiscal years 2017 and 2016 were as follows (in thousands): 

  
Balance at beginning of year 
Transfers in 
Assets sold 
Tangible asset impairment charges 
Balance at end of the year 
  

  
  $ 
    
    
    
  $ 
      

    

2017 
21,039     $ 
4,099       
(19,463 )     
(497 )     
5,178     $ 
        

2016 

  
5,459   
23,201   
(7,496 ) 
(125 ) 
21,039   
  

During fiscal year 2017, the Baltimore, Maryland distribution facility and another facility were sold for 
aggregate proceeds of $22 million, resulting in a $3 million gain. Additionally, an excess portion of a parcel of 
land, purchased earlier in the year, was transferred to assets held for sale, along with an operating facility that 
was closed due to the consolidation of operations into a recently acquired facility. 

The Baltimore distribution facility and the facility acquired as part of the Cara Donna acquisition were closed 
and transferred to assets held for sale in fiscal year 2016. The Cara Donna facility was subsequently sold in 
the same year, along with the Fairmont, Minnesota and Lakeland, Florida facilities, for aggregate proceeds of 
$12 million, resulting in a $4 million gain.   

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 

  

Land 
Buildings and building improvements 
Transportation equipment 
Warehouse equipment 
Office equipment, furniture and software 
Construction in process 
  
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
Property and equipment—net 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Range of 

  
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 

    

2017 
312,909     $ 
1,189,634       
949,236       
384,361       
803,389       
87,478       
3,727,007       
(1,925,792 )     
1,801,215     $ 

     
2016 
303,208     

Useful Lives 
 
1,144,041      10–40 years 
5–10 years 
5–12 years 
3–7 years 
 
 
 
 

835,089     
343,315     
772,334     
94,075     
3,492,062     
(1,724,451 )   
1,767,611     

Transportation equipment included $444 million and $354 million of capital lease assets at December 30, 
2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Buildings and building improvements included $97 million of 
capital lease assets at December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016. Accumulated amortization of capital lease 

59 

7. 

 

 
8. 

 

 

assets was $181 million and $119 million at December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Interest 
capitalized was $2 million and $1 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment, including amortization of capital lease 
assets, was $283 million, $266 million and $253 million for the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. 

9.  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES 

Goodwill includes the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of the tangible net assets 
acquired. Other intangible assets include customer relationships, noncompete agreements, and the brand 
names and trademarks comprising the Company’s portfolio of exclusive brands and trademarks. Brand names 
and trademarks are indefinite-lived intangible assets, and accordingly, are not subject to amortization. 

Customer relationships and noncompete agreements are intangible assets with definite lives, and are carried at 
the acquired fair value less accumulated amortization. Customer relationships and noncompete agreements are 
amortized over the estimated useful lives (two to four years). Amortization expense was $95 million, 
$155 million and $146 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted-average 
remaining useful life of all customer relationship intangibles was approximately 3 years at December 30, 
2017. Amortization of these customer relationship assets is estimated to be $39 million in fiscal years 2018 
and 2019, $24 million 2020, and $6 million in fiscal year 2021.  

Goodwill and Other intangibles consisted of the following (in thousands): 

            

 

  

Goodwill 
Other intangibles—net 

Customer relationships—amortizable: 
Gross carrying amount 
Accumulated amortization 
Net carrying value 
Noncompete agreements—amortizable: 
Gross carrying amount 
Accumulated amortization 
Net carrying value 
Brand names and trademarks—not amortizing 
Total other intangibles—net 

December 30, 

December 31, 

  
  $ 
    
       
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 

    

2017 
3,966,565     $ 
       
        
154,230     $ 
(46,203 )     
108,027       
       
3,950       
(1,159 )     
2,791       
252,800       
363,618     $ 

2016 
  
3,908,484   
   
  
1,393,799   
(1,260,011 ) 
133,788   
   
800   
(507 ) 
293   
252,800   
386,881   

The 2017 increases in goodwill and noncompete agreements are attributable to the 2017 business acquisitions, 
see Note 4, Business Acquisitions.  The net decrease in the gross carrying amount of customer relationships is 
attributable to the write off of the fully amortized intangible asset initially recognized in 2007 upon acquisition 
of the Company by the Sponsors, partially offset by the 2017 business acquisitions.      

The Company assesses goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually, or 
more frequently if events occur that indicate an asset may be impaired. For goodwill and indefinite-lived 
intangible assets, the Company’s policy is to assess for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal third 
quarter. For intangible assets with definite lives, the Company assesses impairment only if events occur that 
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company completed its most recent 
annual impairment assessment for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of July 2, 2017, the first 
day of the third quarter of 2017, with no impairments noted. 
For goodwill, the reporting unit used in assessing impairment is the Company’s one business segment as 
described in Note 24, Business Information. The Company’s assessment for impairment of goodwill utilized a 
combination of discounted cash flow analysis, comparative market multiples, and comparative market 
transaction multiples, which were weighted 40%, 40% and 20%, respectively, to determine the fair value of 
the reporting unit for comparison to the corresponding carrying value. Since the Company has been a 

60 

 

registrant for over one year, the Company modified the weighting from the prior year (50%, 35% and 15%, 
respectively) to give more weight to the current actual market capitalization and that of its peers. If the 
carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the Company must then perform a comparison of the 
implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds its implied 
fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. Based upon the Company’s 
fiscal year 2017 annual goodwill impairment analysis, the Company concluded the fair value of its reporting 
unit exceeded its carrying value. 
The Company’s fair value estimates of the brand names and trademarks indefinite-lived intangible assets are 
based on a relief- from-royalty method. The fair value of these intangible assets is determined for comparison 
to the corresponding carrying value. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds its fair value, an impairment 
loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. Based upon the Company’s fiscal year 2017 annual 
impairment analysis, the Company concluded the fair value of the Company’s brand names and trademarks 
exceeded its carrying value.  

Due to the many variables inherent in estimating fair value and the relative size of the recorded indefinite-
lived intangible assets, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the results of the Company’s 
impairment analysis. 

10.  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

The Company follows the accounting standards for fair value, where fair value is a market-based 
measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. The Company’s fair value measurements are based on the 
assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. As a basis for considering 
market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, fair value accounting standards establish a fair 
value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
x 
x 

Level 1—observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets 
Level 2—observable inputs other than those included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets 
and liabilities in active or inactive markets that are observable either directly or indirectly, or other 
inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data 
Level 3—unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting 
entity to develop its own assumptions 

x 

Any transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy will be 
recognized as of the end of the reporting period in which the transfer occurs. There were no transfers between 
fair value levels in any of the periods presented below. 
The Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis as of 
December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which 
those measurements fall, are as follows (in thousands): 

  
  
      Assets 

Money market funds 
Interest rate swaps 

  
      Liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable for business acquisitions 
  

  
  
      Assets 

Money market funds 

      Liabilities 

Contingent consideration payable for business acquisitions 

61 

       

       

       

       

       

December 30, 2017 

  
  
  
   Level 1       Level 2        Level 3        Total 
    
   
  $  1,100     $  —     $  —     $  1,100   
     —        12,717        —        12,717   
  $  1,100     $ 12,717     $  —     $ 13,817   
    
   
  $  —     $  —     $  1,000     $  1,000   
    
   
  
  
  
   Level 1       Level 2        Level 3        Total 
    
   
  $ 31,600     $  —     $  —     $ 31,600   
    
   
  $  —     $  —     $  9,775     $  9,775   

December 31, 2016 

       

       

       

       

       

       

       

       

       

       

 

There were no significant assets or liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets measured at fair 
value on a nonrecurring basis.   

 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

Money Market Funds 

Money market funds include highly liquid investments with a maturity of three or fewer months. They are 
valued using quoted market prices in active markets and are classified under Level 1 within the fair value 
hierarchy. 

Interest Rate Swaps 

The Company uses interest rate swaps, designated as cash flow hedges, to manage its exposure to interest rate 
movements on its variable-rate Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan (as defined in Note 11, Debt).  

On August 1, 2017, USF entered into four-year interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount of $1.1 
billion, reducing to $825 million in the fourth year, effectively converting approximately half of the principal 
amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan from a variable to a fixed rate loan. On November 30, 
2017, the interest rate swaps were amended in conjunction with an amendment to the Amended and Restated 
2016 Term Loan, see Note 11, Debt. The Company now effectively pays an aggregate rate of 4.21% on the 
notional amount covered by the interest rate swaps, comprised of 1.71% plus a spread of 2.50%.  

The Company records its interest rate swaps in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, based on 
projections of cash flows and future interest rates. The determination of fair value includes the consideration 
of any credit valuation adjustments necessary, giving consideration to the creditworthiness of the respective 
counterparties or the Company, as appropriate. The following table presents the balance sheet location and fair 
value of the interest rate swaps at December 30, 2017 (in thousands):  
 
  
  

Asset Derivatives 
  

  
  

December 30, 2017 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
        Interest rate swaps 
        Interest rate swaps 

Balance Sheet Location 

  

 
 
  Other current assets 
  Other noncurrent assets 
   Total 
    

  

  

  
  
  
  
430   
12,287   
12,717   
  

    
  Fair Value 
   
  $ 
  $ 
  $ 
      

 

  
The effective portion of gains and losses on the interest rate swaps are initially recorded in accumulated other 
comprehensive loss and reclassified to interest expense during the period in which the hedged transaction 
affects income. There was no ineffectiveness attributable to the Company’s interest rate swaps during 2017. 
As a result of the November 30, 2017 amendment to the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan, the interest 
rate swaps were also amended, resulting in a de-minimis mark-to-market gain. The following table presents 
the effect of the Company’s interest rate swaps in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for 
the fiscal year ended December 30, 2017 (in thousands):  
 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

For the year ended December 30, 2017 
       Interest rate swaps 
  

  
       
   $ 
      

Amount of Gain 
Recognized in 

Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Loss, 

net of tax 

    
    

Location of Amounts 

Reclassified from 
Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Loss    

  

       
6,252      Interest expense─net     $ 
      

      

Amount of Loss 
Reclassified from 

Accumulated 

Other 

Comprehensive 
Loss to Income, 

net of tax 

     
    
1,185   
    

 

62 

 

 

During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that $0.4 million will be reclassified from accumulated 
other comprehensive loss to interest expense. 

Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features−The interest swap agreements contain a provision whereby the 
Company could be declared in default on its hedging obligations if more than $75 million of the Company’s 
other indebtedness is accelerated. As of December 30, 2017, none of our indebtedness was accelerated. 

We review counterparty credit risk and currently are not aware of any facts that indicate our counterparties 
will not be able to comply with the contractual terms of their agreements.  

Contingent Consideration Payable for Business Acquisitions 

As discussed in Note 4, Business Acquisitions, contingent consideration may be paid under an earnout 
agreement for a 2016 business acquisition, primarily in the event certain operating results are achieved, over a 
two-year period from the respective date of such acquisition. The amounts included in the above table, 
classified under Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, represent the estimated fair value of the earnout 
liability for the respective periods. We estimate the fair value of earnout liabilities based on financial 
projections of the acquired companies and estimated probability of achievement. Changes in fair value 
resulting from changes in the estimated amount of contingent consideration are included in distribution, 
selling and administrative costs in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  

Other Fair Value Measurements 
The carrying value of cash, restricted cash, accounts receivable, bank checks outstanding, accounts payable 
and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturities. 
The fair value of the Company’s total debt, approximated its carrying value of $3.8 billion as of December 30, 
2017 and December 31, 2016.  The December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 fair value of the Company’s 
5.875% unsecured Senior Notes due June 15, 2024 (the “2016 Senior Notes”), estimated at $0.6 billion, at the 
end of each period, was classified under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, with fair value based upon the 
closing market price at the end of the reporting period. The fair value of the balance of the Company’s debt is 
primarily classified under Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, with fair value estimated based upon a 
combination of the cash outflows expected under these debt facilities, interest rates that are currently available 
to the Company for debt with similar terms, and estimates of the Company’s overall credit risk. 

11.  DEBT 
Total debt consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 

  

  

  

Debt Description 
ABL Facility 
2012 ABS Facility 
Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan (net of $9,963 
     and $13,318 of unamortized deferred financing costs) 
2016 Senior Notes (net of $6,229 and $7,185 of 
     unamortized deferred financing costs) 
Obligations under capital leases 
Other debt 
Total debt 
Current portion of long-term debt 
Long-term debt 

Maturity 

  
  
   October 20, 2020    
   September 21, 2020   

   Interest Rate at        

  

       

  

  

December 30, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2017 

    

2017 

    

4.69 %   $ 
    
2.49   

80,000     $ 
580,000       

2016 

  
30,000   
645,000   

  

  
  
  
  
  
  

June 27, 2023 

June 15, 2024 
2018–2025 
2018–2031 

  

  
  
  
   
   
   

4.07   

    

2,157,037       

2,175,682   

5.88   
2.36 - 6.18   
5.75 - 9.00   
  
   
   

  

593,771       
336,603       
9,870       
3,757,281       
(109,226 )     

592,815   
    
305,544   
    
32,672   
    
3,781,713   
    
    
(75,962 ) 
  $  3,648,055     $  3,705,751   

At December 30, 2017, after considering interest rate swaps that fixed the interest rate on $1.1 billion of 
principal of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan, approximately 54% of the principal amount of the 
Company’s total debt was at a fixed rate and approximately 46% was at a floating rate. 

63 

 

Principal payments to be made on outstanding debt as of December 30, 2017, were as follows (in thousands): 

                      

  2018 
  2019 
  2020 
  2021 
  2022 
Thereafter 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$ 
  
  
  
  
  
$ 

109,226   
89,201   
743,061   
71,841   
56,960   
2,703,184   
3,773,473   

 

Following is a description of each of the Company’s debt instruments outstanding as of December 30, 2017: 

Revolving Credit Agreement—The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated October 20, 
2015, as amended, is USF’s asset backed senior secured revolving loan facility (the “ABL Facility”) and 
provides for loans under its two tranches: ABL Tranche A-1 and ABL Tranche A, with its capacity 
limited by a borrowing base. The maximum borrowing available is $1,300 million, with ABL Tranche 
A-1 at $100 million, and ABL Tranche A at $1,200 million. 

As of December 30, 2017, USF had $80 million of outstanding borrowings, and had issued letters of 
credit totaling $412 million under the ABL Facility. Outstanding letters of credit included: (1) $81 
million issued to secure USF’s obligations with respect to certain facility leases, (2) $328 million issued 
in favor of certain commercial insurers securing USF’s obligations with respect to its self-insurance 
program, and (3) $3 million in letters of credit for other obligations. There was available capacity on the 
ABL Facility of $807 million at December 30, 2017. As of December 30, 2017, on Tranche A-1 
borrowings, USF can periodically elect to pay interest at an alternative base rate (“ABR”), as defined in 
the ABL Facility, plus 1.50% or the London Inter Bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus 2.50%. On 
Tranche A borrowings, USF can periodically elect to pay interest at ABR plus 0.25% or LIBOR plus 
1.25%. For both tranches, the interest rate spreads are the lowest provided for in the agreement, based 
upon USF’s consolidated secured leverage ratio (as defined in the agreement). The ABL Facility also 
carries letter of credit fees of 1.25% and an unused commitment fee of 0.25%.  The weighted-average 
interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the ABL Facility was 4.29% and 2.65% for fiscal year 2017 
and 2016, respectively. 
Accounts Receivable Financing Program—Under the 2012 ABS Facility, USF sells, on a revolving 
basis, its eligible receivables to the Receivables Company. See Note 6, Accounts Receivable Financing 
Program.   

On September 20, 2017, the 2012 ABS Facility was amended to extend the maturity date from 
September 30, 2018 to September 21, 2020. There were no other significant changes to the 2012 ABS 
Facility. The Company incurred $1 million of lender fees and third-party costs related to the 
amendment, which were capitalized as deferred financing costs and will be amortized to the September 
2020 maturity date.  

The maximum capacity under the 2012 ABS Facility is $800 million. Borrowings under the 2012 ABS 
Facility were $580 million at December 30, 2017. The Company, at its option, can request additional 
borrowings up to the maximum commitment, provided sufficient eligible receivables are available as 
collateral. There was available capacity on the 2012 ABS Facility of $115 million at December 30, 2017 
based on eligible receivables as collateral. The 2012 ABS Facility bears interest at LIBOR plus 1.00%, 
and carries an unused commitment fee of 0.35%. The weighted-average interest rate on outstanding 
borrowings for the 2012 ABS Facility was 2.18% and 1.69% for fiscal year 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 
Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan Agreement—The Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan 
Credit Agreement, dated June 27, 2016, as amended (the “Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan”), 
consists of a senior secured term loan with a carrying value of $2,157 million at December 30, 2017, net 
of $10 million of unamortized deferred financing costs. Principal repayments of $5.5 million are 
payable quarterly with the balance due at maturity. The debt may require mandatory repayments if 
certain assets are sold, as defined in the agreement. 

64 

 

The Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan was amended on February 17, 2017 (the “February 2017 
Amendment”) and November 30, 2017 (the “November 2017 Amendment”), in each case and among 
other things, to reduce the interest rate spread on outstanding borrowings. The February 2017 
Amendment reduced the interest rate spread on outstanding borrowings by 25 basis points to a fixed rate 
of ABR plus 1.75% or LIBOR plus 2.75%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.75%, based on USF’s periodic 
election.  The November 2017 Amendment further reduced the interest rate spread on outstanding 
borrowings an additional 25 basis points to either ABR plus 1.50% or LIBOR plus 2.50%, based on 
USF’s periodic election, and reduced the LIBOR floor from 0.75% to zero. The interest rate spread on 
both ABR and LIBOR borrowings can be further reduced 25 basis points to either ABR plus 1.25% or 
LIBOR plus 2.25%, if USF’s consolidated secured leverage ratio (as defined in the Amended and 
Restated 2016 Term Loan) is equal to or less than 1.75:1.00 at the end of the most recent fiscal quarter. 
At December 30, 2017, USF’s consolidated secured leverage ratio exceeded 1.75:1.00. 
The Company determined that the terms of both the February 2017 Amendment and the November 
2017 Amendment were not substantially different from the previous terms of the Amended and Restated 
2016 Term Loan, for substantially all continuing lenders and, accordingly, debt modification accounting 
was applied. We applied debt extinguishment accounting to the lenders that either exited the term loan 
facility, or had terms that were substantially different from their original loan agreements. 

The Company recorded an aggregate of $0.5 million of third-party costs, and write-offs of $1.4 million 
of unamortized deferred financing costs, related to the February 2017 Amendment and the November 
2017 Amendment, in interest expense.  Unamortized deferred financing costs of $10 million at 
November 30, 2017 were carried forward and will be amortized through June 27, 2023, the maturity 
date of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan. 

As described in Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, USF entered into four-year interest rate swaps with 
a notional amount of $1.1 billion, reducing to $825 million in the fourth year, effectively converting 
approximately half of the principal amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan from a 
variable to a fixed rate loan. On November 30, 2017, the interest rate swaps were amended in 
conjunction with the November 2017 Amendment, reducing the rate on the portion of the principal 
amount of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan subject to hedging agreements to 4.21%. 
2016 Senior Notes—The 2016 Senior Notes due 2024, with a carrying value of $594 million at 
December 30, 2017, net of $6 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, bear interest at 5.875%. 
On or after June 15, 2019, this debt is redeemable, at USF’s option, in whole or in part at a price of 
102.938% of the remaining principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date. 
On June 15, 2020 and June 15, 2021, the optional redemption price for the debt declines to 101.469% 
and 100.0%, respectively, of the remaining principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
the redemption date. Prior to June 15, 2019, up to 40% of the debt may be redeemed with the aggregate 
proceeds from equity offerings, as defined in the June 27, 2016 Indenture, as supplemented, at a 
redemption premium of 105.875%. 
Other Debt–Obligations under capital leases of $337 million at December 30, 2017, consist of amounts 
due for transportation equipment and building leases. Other debt of $10 million at December 30, 2017 
consists primarily of various state industrial revenue bonds.  

2016 Debt Transactions and Loss on Extinguishment 

IPO Proceeds 
As discussed in Note 1, Overview and Basis of Presentation, in June 2016, US Foods completed its IPO. Net 
proceeds of $1,114 million were used to redeem $1,090 million in principal of USF’s Old Senior Notes and 
pay the related $23 million early redemption premium. The balance of the Old Senior Notes was redeemed 
with proceeds from the June 2016 refinancings further discussed below. 

June 2016 Refinancings 
In June 2016, USF entered into a series of transactions to refinance the $2,042 million principal of its term 
loan, redeem the remaining $258 million principal of its Old Senior Notes and pay the related $6 million early 

65 

 

redemption premium. The aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term 
Loan was increased to $2,200 million. Additionally, USF issued $600 million in principal amount of 2016 
Senior Notes. 

The debt redemption and refinancing transactions completed in June 2016 resulted in a loss on extinguishment 
of debt of $42 million, consisting of a $29 million early redemption premium related to the Old Senior Notes, 
$7 million of lender and third-party fees, and a $6 million write-off of certain pre-existing unamortized 
deferred financing costs and premiums related to the refinanced and redeemed facilities.  

CMBS Fixed Facility Defeasance 
On September 23, 2016, USF, through a wholly owned subsidiary, legally defeased the commercial mortgage 
backed securities facility (the “CMBS Fixed Facility”), scheduled to mature on August 1, 2017. The CMBS 
Fixed Facility had an outstanding balance of $471 million net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $1 
million. The cash outlay for the defeasance of $485 million represented the purchase price of U.S. government 
securities that would generate sufficient cash flow to fund interest payments from the effective date of the 
defeasance through, and including the repayment of, the $472 million principal for the CMBS Fixed Facility 
on February 1, 2017, the earliest date the loan could be prepaid. The defeasance resulted in a loss on 
extinguishment of debt of approximately $12 million, consisting of the difference between the purchase price 
of the U.S. government securities, not attributable to accrued interest through the effective date of the 
defeasance, and the outstanding principal of the CMBS Fixed Facility, and other costs of $1 million, 
consisting of unamortized deferred financing costs and other third-party costs. 

 
Security Interests 
Substantially all of the Company’s assets are pledged under the various debt agreements. Debt under the 2012 
ABS Facility is secured by certain designated receivables and, in certain circumstances, by restricted cash. 
The ABL Facility is secured by certain other designated receivables not pledged under the 2012 ABS Facility, 
as well as inventory and tractors and trailers owned by the Company. Additionally, the lenders under the ABL 
Facility have a second priority interest in the assets pledged under the Amended and Restated 2016 Term 
Loan. USF’s obligations under the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan are secured by all of the capital 
stock of USF and its direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, as defined in the agreements, and 
substantially all non-real estate assets of USF and its subsidiaries not pledged under the 2012 ABS Facility or 
the ABL Facility. Additionally, the lenders under the Amended and Restated 2016 Term Loan have a second 
priority interest in the inventory and tractors and trailers pledged under the ABL Facility. USF’s interest rate 
swap obligations are secured by the collateral securing the ABL Facility. Pursuant to the terms of the interest 
rate swap agreement between each of the interest rate swap counterparties and USF, each of the interest rate 
swap counterparties has agreed that its right to receive payment from the sale of the collateral is subordinate to 
the rights of the lenders under the ABL Facility. USF is not required to provide additional collateral to its 
hedge counterparties. 

Restrictive Covenants 
The credit facilities, loan agreements and indentures contain customary covenants. These include, among 
other things, covenants that restrict USF’s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness, create or permit 
liens on assets, pay dividends, or engage in mergers or consolidations. As of December 30, 2017, USF had 
$751 million of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and approximately $2,001 million of its 
net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred tax assets and intercompany balances 
that eliminate in consolidation. 

Certain debt agreements also contain customary events of default. Those include, without limitation, the 
failure to pay interest or principal when it is due under the agreements, cross default provisions, the failure of 
representations and warranties contained in the agreements to be true when made, and certain insolvency 
events. If a default event occurs and continues, the principal amounts outstanding, together with all accrued 
unpaid interest and other amounts owed, may be declared immediately due and payable by the lenders. Were 
such an event to occur, the Company would be forced to seek new financing that may not be on as favorable 
terms as its current facilities. The Company’s ability to refinance its indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, 
is directly affected by the current economic and financial conditions. In addition, the Company’s ability to 

66 

 

incur secured indebtedness (which may enable it to achieve more favorable terms than the incurrence of 
unsecured indebtedness) depends in part on the value of its assets. This, in turn, relies on the strength of its 
cash flows, results of operations, economic and market conditions, and other factors. 
 

12.  ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands). Prior year amounts 
may be reclassified to conform with the 2017 presentation, based on changes in significance. 

  

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: 

Salary, wages and bonus expenses 
Operating expenses 
Workers’ compensation, general and fleet liability 
Group medical liability 
Customer rebates and other selling expenses 
Restructuring 
Property and sales tax 
Interest payable 
Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
Other long-term liabilities: 

Workers’ compensation, general and fleet liability 
Accrued pension and other postretirement benefit obligations 
Unfunded lease obligation 
Uncertain tax positions 
Restructuring 
Other 

Total Other long-term liabilities 

2016 

2017 

December 30, 
  
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 

    
       
161,106     $ 
67,764       
49,081       
28,974       
85,210       
4,586       
28,478       
5,578       
19,965       
450,742     $ 
       
121,270     $ 
130,511       
24,138       
81,237       
749       
13,631       
371,536     $ 

December 31, 
  
   
156,999   
71,140   
46,482   
27,480   
80,223   
22,623   
25,032   
3,469   
22,367   
455,815   
   
117,890   
172,895   
26,757   
11,115   
838   
21,434   
350,929   

 

 

Self-Insured Liabilities —The Company is self-insured for general liability, fleet liability and workers’ 
compensation claims. Claims in excess of certain levels are insured. The workers’ compensation liability, 
included in the table above under “workers’ compensation, general liability and fleet liability,” is recorded at 
present value. This table summarizes self-insurance liability activity for the last three fiscal years (in 
thousands): 
 

  

Balance at beginning of the year 
Charged to costs and expenses 
Reinsurance recoverable 
Payments 
Balance at end of the year 
Discount rate 

  

  

  

  

2015 

2016 

2017 

  
  
  $  164,372      $  172,243      $  160,904   
77,242   
    
—   
    
    
(65,903 ) 
  $  170,351      $  164,372      $  172,243   
    

59,366        
—        
(67,237 )      

64,236        
8,068        
(66,325 )      

1.47 %     

1.98 %     

0.82 % 

Estimated future payments for self-insured liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
Thereafter 
Total self-insured liability payments 
Less amount representing interest 
Present value of self-insured liability payments 

   $ 
     
     
     
     
     
   $ 
     
   $ 

49,651   
25,285   
18,573   
14,140   
10,249   
61,010   
178,908   
(8,557 ) 
170,351   

67 

 

 
13.  RESTRUCTURING LIABILITIES 

The following table summarizes the changes in the restructuring liabilities for the last three fiscal years (in 
thousands): 

 

 

  
  
  

Balance at December 27, 2014 

Current period charges 
Change in estimate 
Payments and usage—net of accretion 

Balance at January 2, 2016 
Current period charges 
Change in estimate 
Payments and usage—net of accretion 

Balance at December 31, 2016 

Current period charges 
Change in estimate 
Payments and usage—net of accretion 

Balance at December 30, 2017 

    

Costs 

      
      
    

  
  
Total 

   Severance       Facility 
   and Related      Closing 
  
Costs 
  $  56,450     $ 
     175,749       
    
(4,196 )     
     (109,369 )     
     118,634       
    
71,514       
    
(21,004 )     
     (146,548 )     
22,596       
    
6,968       
    
    
(5,007 )     
(19,722 )     
    
  $ 
4,835     $ 

  
  
  
431     $  56,881   
36        175,785   
—       
(4,196 ) 
(257 )      (109,626 ) 
210        118,844   
74,077   
(20,737 ) 
(2,175 )      (148,723 ) 
23,461   
6,968   
(5,263 ) 
(19,831 ) 
5,335   

865       
—       
(256 )     
(109 )     
500     $ 

2,563       
267       

The Company periodically closes or consolidates distribution facilities and implements initiatives in its 
ongoing efforts to reduce costs and improve operating effectiveness. In connection with these activities, the 
Company incurs various costs including multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities and settlements, 
severance and other employee separation costs that are included in the above table. 

2017 Activities  
During fiscal year 2017, the Company incurred a net charge of $2 million, primarily for severance and related 
costs associated with its efforts to streamline its corporate back office organization and centralize 
replenishment activities.  

2016 Activities  
During fiscal year 2016, the Company incurred a net charge of $50 million for severance and related costs 
associated with its efforts to streamline its field operations model, streamline its corporate back office 
organization, centralize replenishment activities and complete the closure of the Baltimore, Maryland 
distribution facility.  The Company also incurred $3 million in facility closing costs related to a lease 
termination settlement. 

2015 Activities 
During fiscal year 2015, the Company incurred a net charge of $172 million primarily for severance and 
related costs related to the field reorganization and closure of the Baltimore, Maryland facility, both 
announced in 2015, and settlement of the Central States Teamsters Union Pension Plan (“Central States”). 
The field reorganization included $30 million of severance and related costs. The Baltimore, Maryland 
distribution facility closure resulted in $55 million of severance and related costs, including $50 million of 
estimated multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities, which were settled in fiscal year 2016.  
In December 2015, the Company reached a settlement with Central States that relieved the Company’s 
participation in the “legacy” pool and settled the related legacy multiemployer pension withdrawal liability, 
and commenced the Company as a new employer in the “hybrid” pool of the Central States Teamsters 
Southeast and Southwest Area Pension Fund. The payment also included the settlement of certain other 

68 

 

Central States multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities relating to facilities closed prior to 2015, and a 
related labor dispute. The settlement resulted in a restructuring charge of $88 million. 
 

14.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

FMR LLC, is a holder of approximately 13% of the Company’s outstanding common stock. As of December 
30, 2017, investment funds managed by an affiliate of FMR LLC held approximately 1% of the Company’s 
outstanding debt. Certain FMR LLC affiliates also provide administrative and trustee services for the 
Company’s 401(k) Plan and provide administrative services for other Company sponsored employee benefit 
plans. Fees earned by FMR LLC affiliates are not material to the Company’s consolidated financial 
statements. 

On December 4, September 18, May 17, and January 31, of fiscal year 2017, the Company closed secondary 
offerings of its common stock held primarily by the Sponsors. A total of 167,355,545 shares were sold, in the 
aggregate, however, the Company did not receive any proceeds from the offerings. The December 4, 2017 
offering also included the Company’s repurchase of 10,000,000 shares of common stock from the underwriter 
at $28.00 per share, which was the underwriter’s purchase price. The $280 million paid for the share 
repurchase reduced additional paid-in capital $96 million, with the remaining $184 million recognized in 
retained earnings as a constructive dividend. 
The Company’s share repurchase closed concurrently with the offering, and the shares were retired. The 
Sponsors share position is now liquidated. In accordance with terms of the prior registration rights agreement 
with the Sponsors, the Company incurred approximately $5 million of expenses in connection with the 
offerings, approximately $1 million of which was incurred in 2016. Underwriting discounts and commissions 
were paid by the selling shareholders.   
KKR Capital Markets LLC (“KKR Capital Markets”), an affiliate of KKR, received a de minimis fee for 
services rendered in connection with the February 2017 amendment of the Amended and Restated 2016 Term 
Loan. There were no lender fees associated with the November 2017 amendment. Additionally, KKR Capital 
Markets received underwriter discounts and commissions of $5 million in connection with the Company’s 
IPO, and $1 million for services rendered in connection with the June 2016 debt refinancing transactions. 

The Company was previously a party to consulting agreements with each of the Sponsors pursuant to which 
each Sponsor provided the Company with ongoing consulting and management advisory services and received 
fees and reimbursement of related out of pocket expenses. On June 1, 2016, the agreements with each of the 
Sponsors were terminated. For fiscal year 2016, the Company recorded $36 million in fees and expenses, 
including an aggregate termination fee of $31 million. In fiscal year 2015, the Company recorded $10 million 
in fees. All fees paid to the Sponsors, including the termination fees, are reported in distribution, selling and 
administrative costs in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.   

On January 8, 2016, the Company paid a $666 million, or $3.94 per share, one-time special cash distribution 
to its shareholders of record as of January 4, 2016, of which $657 million was paid to the Sponsors. The 
distribution was funded with cash on hand and approximately $314 million of additional borrowings under the 
Company’s credit facilities. The Company has no current plans to pay future dividends, and has never paid 
dividends on its common stock, other than the January 2016 one-time cash distribution. Any decision to 
declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, and could 
be limited by debt covenants that restrict USF’s ability to make cash distributions to US Foods. 
 

15.  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION, COMMON STOCK ISSUANCES AND COMMON STOCK    
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is authorized to select the officers, employees and 
directors eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. The Compensation Committee may determine the specific 
number of shares to be offered, or options, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights or shares of 
restricted stock to be granted to an employee or director.  
In June 2016, the 2016 Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors and approved by the Company’s 
shareholders.  The 2016 Plan provides for the grant of up to 9 million shares of common stock or stock-based 

69 

 

awards. The 2007 Plan terminated according to its terms on December 21, 2017. The termination of the 2007 
Plan has no effect on any outstanding awards. 

Total compensation expense related to share-based payment arrangements was $21 million, $18 million and 
$16 million for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively and is reflected in distribution, selling and 
administrative costs. No share-based compensation cost was capitalized as part of the cost of an asset during 
those years. The total income tax benefit recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
was $7 million in fiscal year 2017, and $6 million in fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 
Common Stock Issuances—Certain employees have purchased stock, pursuant to a management 
stockholder’s agreement associated with the 2007 Plan. These shares are subject to the terms and conditions 
(including certain restrictions) of each management stockholder’s agreement, other documents signed at the 
time of purchase, as well as transfer limitations under the applicable law.  
In August 2016, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the Stock Purchase Plan.  The purpose of the 
Stock Purchase Plan is to provide eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire common shares of the 
Company.  An eligible employee is a person that: 1) is employed by the Company, and 2) has provided 
continuous service, works a minimum of 20 hours per week, and works a minimum of five months throughout 
the year.  A person will not be eligible for the grant of any purchase rights if, immediately after the grant of 
such purchase right, the person owns stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting 
power or value of all classes of shares of the Company or any subsidiary.   

Participation in the Stock Purchase Plan occurs via payroll deferrals with share purchases occurring quarterly. 
Shares are purchased based on the closing price of the stock at the end of the designated purchase period. The 
Stock Purchase Plan provides participants with a discount of up to 15% of the fair market value of the 
common stock, so the plan is considered compensatory.  The Company recorded $3 million and $0.8 million 
of stock-based compensation expense in 2017 and 2016, respectively, associated with the Stock Purchase 
Plan. 
Stock Options—The Company granted to certain employees time-based options (“Time Options”) and 
performance-based options (“Performance Options”), collectively the (“Options”) to purchase common 
shares. These Options are subject to the restrictions set forth in the stock option agreements. Shares purchased 
pursuant to option exercises are governed by the restrictions in the relevant Incentive Plan and management 
stockholder’s agreements. The Options also contain certain anti-dilution provisions.  
The Time Options vest and become exercisable ratably over periods of three to five years. This happens either 
on the anniversary date of the grant or the last day of each fiscal year, beginning with the fiscal year issued. 
Compensation expense related to Time Options was $4 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, and $3 million 
in fiscal year 2015. 
The Performance Options also vest and become exercisable ratably over four to five years, either on the 
anniversary date of the grant or the last day of each fiscal year, beginning with the fiscal year issued, provided 
that the Company achieves an annual operating performance target, as defined in the applicable stock option 
agreements.  Awards granted prior to 2016 established annual and cumulative targets for each year at the 
beginning of each respective fiscal year. In this case, the grant date under GAAP was not determined until the 
performance target for the related options was known. The pre-2016 award also provided for “catch-up 
vesting” of the Performance Options, if an annual operating performance target was not achieved, but a 
cumulative operating performance target was achieved.  
The Company achieved its annual performance targets in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 and recorded 
compensation expense of $3 million, $4 million and $5 million, respectively. The 2015 compensation expense 
of $5 million, included a $2 million catch-up adjustment for awards prior to 2015. 
The Options are nonqualified, with exercise prices equal to the estimated fair value of a share of common 
stock at the date of the grant. Exercise prices range from $8.51 to $30.39 per share and generally have a 10-
year life. The fair value of each option award is estimated as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-
pricing model. 

70 

 

The weighted-average assumptions for options granted in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 are included in the 
following table.  

 

 

  

Expected volatility 
Expected dividends 
Risk-free interest rate 
Expected term (in years) 

  

   2017 
   
   
   
  

  
31.8 %   
—   
  
1.9 %   
5.8   
 

2016 

  

   2015 

  

28.8 %    
—       
1.5 %    
5.9      

36.6 % 
—   
1.6 % 
4.8   

Expected volatility is calculated leveraging the historical volatility of public companies similar to US Foods. 
The assumed dividend yield is zero, because the Company has not historically paid dividends. However, as 
further discussed in Note 14, Related Party Transactions, the Company did pay a special cash distribution in 
January 2016, which was considered one-time in nature. The risk-free interest rate is the implied zero-coupon 
yield for U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity approximately equal to the expected term, as of the grant 
date. Due to a lack of relevant historical data, the simplified approach was used to determine the expected 
term of the options. 

The summary of Options outstanding and changes during fiscal year 2017 are presented below. 

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

Outstanding at December 31, 2016 

    
  
    
  
    
  
  
Time 
   Options 
     4,973,717        3,688,192        8,661,909     $ 
    
429,532        1,286,713     $ 
    (2,418,764 )     (2,359,435 )     (4,778,199 )   $ 
    
(555,454 )   $ 
Outstanding at December 30, 2017 
     3,009,552        1,605,417        4,614,969     $ 
Vested and exercisable at December 30, 2017      1,230,897        1,242,245        2,473,142     $ 

      
      
      
      
      
      
     Performance     
     Options 

  
  
  
Total 
     Options 

Granted 
Exercised 
Forfeited 

(402,582 )     

(152,872 )     

857,181       

  

       

      
     Weighted-       Weighted-       Average 
     Average 
    
Fair 
     Value 

     Average 
     Exercise 
    

Price 

  

     Weighted-    
  
     Remaining   
    Contractual   
  
     Years 
  
  
  
  
  
7.2   
5.8   

12.91       
26.72         
10.15         
19.94         
18.79       
14.31       

5.65     $ 
11.08     $ 
5.12     $ 
7.54     $ 
7.47     $ 
6.10     $ 

 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $11.08, 
$6.28 and $6.91, respectively.   

During fiscal year 2017, Options were exercised with a total intrinsic value of $86 million, representing the 
excess of fair value over exercise price.  During fiscal year 2016, Options were exercised by terminated 
employees for a cash outflow of $4 million, representing the excess of fair value over exercise price. During 
fiscal year 2015, Options were exercised by terminated employees for a cash outflow of $6 million, 
representing the excess of fair value over exercise price. 

As of December 30, 2017, there was $13 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to 
nonvested Options expected to vest under the Stock Option Agreements. That cost is expected to be 
recognized over a weighted-average period of two years. 
Restricted Shares—Certain employees received restricted shares (the “Restricted Shares”) in fiscal years 
2017 and 2016 granted under the 2016 Plan.  Prior to 2017, restricted shares contained time-based vesting 
(“Time Shares”) and contained non-forfeitable dividend rights.  In 2017, performance-based shares 
(“Performance Shares”) were granted that contained forfeitable dividend rights.  
Performance Shares are granted at the maximum award amount, and cliff vest at the end of a three-year 
performance period if specific performance goals, established for each calendar year during the performance 
period, are achieved. The number of shares eligible to vest at the end of the vesting period may range 
from zero to 200% of the target award amount, based on the achievement of the performance goals. The fair 
value of Performance Shares is measured using the market price of our common stock on the date of grant, 
and recognized over the vesting period for the portion of the award that is expected to vest. Compensation 
expense for Performance Shares is remeasured at each reporting period, based on management’s evaluation of 
whether it is probable that performance conditions will be met.  

71 

 

The Time Shares granted in 2016 were special awards that permitted immediate vesting. Accordingly, there 
were no unvested Time Shares at the end of 2016.  No Restricted Shares were awarded in fiscal year 2015.  

The summary of nonvested Performance Shares outstanding and changes during fiscal year 2017 is presented 
below:  

 

 

Nonvested at December 31, 2016 

  

Granted 
Vested 
Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 30, 2017 

Weighted- 
Average 

    

Shares 

Fair 
Value 

Performance 
 
  
—    $  —  
   
    257,766    $  30.39  
—    $  —  
   
   
(16,453 )  $  30.39  
    241,313    $  30.39   

The weighted-average grant date fair value for Performance Shares granted in 2017 and 2016 was $30.39 and 
$14.58, respectively. Compensation expense for Restricted Shares was $1 million, $2 million and $1 million 
in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At December 30, 2017, there was $3 million of 
unrecognized compensation cost related to the Performance Shares that is expected to be recognized over a 
weighted average period of 2 years.  
Restricted Stock Units—Certain employees have received time-based restricted stock units (“Time RSUs”) 
and performance-based restricted stock units (“Performance RSUs”), and collectively the (“RSUs”) granted 
pursuant to the 2007 Plan and, after the IPO, pursuant to the 2016 Plan. The RSUs also contain certain anti-
dilution provisions. Time RSUs generally vest ratably over three to four years, starting on the anniversary date 
of grant. In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $6 million, $4 million and $3 million, 
respectively in compensation expense related to Time RSUs. 

Prior to 2017, the Performance RSUs were based on the achievement of an annual operating performance 
target.  In periods prior to 2016, those targets also provided for “catch-up” vesting, if an annual performance 
target was not achieved.  In 2017, the Company introduced a new Performance RSU that is based on certain 
year-over-year growth goals and return on invested capital.  The Company also awarded Performance RSUs 
that were based on the achievement of the annual operating plan.   

Performance RSUs that were based on the annual operating plan vest ratably over four years, either on the 
anniversary date of the grant, or the last day of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal year issued), 
provided that the Company achieves an annual operating performance target as defined in the applicable 
restricted stock unit agreements (“RSU Agreements”).  
The 2017 Performance RSUs, that were not based on the annual operating plan, were granted with cliff 
vesting, with share issuance at the end of a three-year performance period, contingent upon the achievement of 
specific performance goals established for each calendar year during the performance period. The number of 
shares that may be earned at the end of the vesting periods may range from zero to 200% of the target award 
amount based on the achievement of the performance goals.  

The fair value of all Performance RSUs is measured at the market price on the date of grant, and recognized 
over the vesting period for the portion of the award that is expected to vest. Compensation expense for 
Performance RSUs is remeasured at each reporting period, based on management’s evaluation of whether it is 
probable that performance conditions will be met. 

The Company recognized $3 million of compensation expense in 2017 for Performance RSUs, based on the 
achievement of the annual operating performance in 2017 and the portion of the Performance RSUs, that are 
not based on the annual operating plan, that are expected to vest. The Company achieved the annual operating 
performance targets in fiscal years 2016 and 2015 and recorded compensation charges of $4 million in each of 
those years.  The fiscal year 2015 charge consisted of $3 million relating to fiscal year 2015, and $1 million 
related to Performance RSUs granted in fiscal year 2013 which met cumulative performance targets in fiscal 
year 2015.  

72 

 

  
  
  
  

 
The summary of nonvested RSUs outstanding and changes during fiscal year 2017 is presented below. 
    Weighted-   
      
      Average    
  
    
  
      Fair 
  
Time 
      Value 
  
   RSUs 
     637,336        242,273        879,609     $  17.68   
     607,432        296,456        903,888     $  29.77   
     (213,879 )      (213,695 )      (427,574 )   $  16.64   
     (121,597 )     
(48,481 )      (170,078 )   $  20.76   
     909,292        276,553       1,185,845     $  26.79   

         
      
      
         
     Performance      
      RSUs 

Granted 
Vested 
Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2016 

Nonvested at December 30, 2017 

Total 
      RSUs 

  

  

 

The weighted-average grant date fair values for RSUs granted in fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015 was 
$29.77, $18.75, and $17.87, respectively. 

At December 30, 2017, there was $24 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs that is 
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2 years. 
Equity Appreciation Rights—The Company has an Equity Appreciation Rights (“EAR”) Plan for certain 
employees. Each EAR represents one phantom share of US Foods common stock. The EARs also contain 
certain anti-dilution provisions. The EARs become vested and payable at the time of a qualified public 
offering of equity shares, at the time of involuntary termination, or a change in control, as defined in the 
agreement. EARs are forfeited upon voluntary termination of the participant’s employment. The EARs are 
settled in cash upon vesting and, accordingly, are considered liability instruments. No EARs were granted 
during fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015.  During 2017, the Company recorded a compensation charge of        
$1 million for EARs exercised by involuntarily terminated employees. 

As the EARs are liability instruments, the fair value of the vested awards is re-measured each reporting period 
until the award is settled. Since vesting of all outstanding EARs is contingent upon performance conditions, as 
defined in the EAR plan, which are not considered probable, no compensation costs have been recorded to 
date for the outstanding EARs, and as such, no liability has been recognized.  As of December 30, 2017, there 
were a total of 378,658 EARs outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $9.80 per share.   

 
16.  LEASES 

The Company leases various warehouse and office facilities and certain equipment under operating and capital 
lease agreements that expire at various dates, and in some instances contain renewal provisions. The Company 
expenses operating lease costs, including any scheduled rent increases, rent holidays or landlord concessions, 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company also has an unfunded lease obligation on a 
distribution facility through 2023. 
Future minimum lease payments under the above mentioned noncancelable lease agreements, together with 
contractual sublease income, as of December 30, 2017, are as follows (in thousands): 

  
  

           
  
  
  2018 
  2019 
  2020 
  2021 
  2022 
 Thereafter 
 Total minimum lease payments (receipts) 
 Less amount representing interest 
 Present value of minimum lease payments 

  
Net 

   Income 

   Operating    Sublease       
    Leases 
   

   Unfunded Lease     Capital 
    Obligation 
    Leases 
    $ 
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
    $ 

 
 
(461 )  $ 133,755  
4,269    $  97,324    $  32,623    $ 
(479 )    109,803  
4,663       74,438       31,181      
(133 )     99,816  
4,809       65,936       29,204      
(22 )     82,521  
4,809       53,310       24,424      
—       62,781  
4,809       36,687       21,285      
—       68,137  
4,809       39,311       24,017      
28,168      367,006    $ 162,734    $  (1,095 )  $ 556,813  
  
(5,830 )     (30,403 )    
22,338    $ 336,603      
   

      
      

      
     

73 

 

Total operating lease expense, included in distribution, selling and administrative costs in the Company’s 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income was $44 million, $43 million and $44 million in fiscal 
years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 
17.  RETIREMENT PLANS 

The Company has defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans for its employees, and provides 
certain health care benefits to eligible retirees and their dependents. Also, the Company contributes to various 
multiemployer plans under certain of its collective bargaining agreements.  
Company Sponsored Defined Benefit Plans —The Company maintains a qualified retirement plan and a 
nonqualified retirement plan (“Retirement Plans”) that pay benefits to certain employees at retirement, using 
formulas based on a participant’s years of service and compensation. The Company also maintains 
postretirement health and welfare plans for certain employees. Amounts related to defined benefit plans and 
other postretirement plans recognized in the consolidated financial statements are determined on an actuarial 
basis. 

The components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs for the last three fiscal years 
were as follows (in thousands): 

  
  

Components of net periodic pension costs: 

Service cost 
Interest cost 
Expected return on plan assets 
Amortization of prior service cost 
Amortization of net loss 
Settlements 
Curtailment 
Special termination benefit 

Net periodic pension costs 

  
  

2017 

Pension Benefits 
    
    

2016 

2015 

  
  

       
    
  $ 
2,356     $ 
    
39,474       
    
(47,828 )     
    
138       
    
3,848       
    
17,785       
    
138       
    
—       
  $  15,911     $ 

       

   
3,849     $  32,582   
39,628   
40,459       
(54,881 ) 
(48,296 )     
195   
157       
8,255       
10,394   
3,358   
4,487       
—   
—       
—       
422   
8,911     $  31,698   

 

 

  
  

Components of net periodic other postretirement 
    benefit costs: 
Service cost 
Interest cost 
Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 
Amortization of net (gain) loss 

Net periodic other postretirement benefit costs 

  
  

      
  $ 
    
    
    
  $ 

Other Postretirement Plans 

2017 

    

2016 

    

2015 

  
  

      
35     $ 
283       
6       
(148 )     
176     $ 

       
37     $ 
296       
6       
(71 )     
268     $ 

   
37   
264   
(62 ) 
14   
253   

In the fourth quarter of 2017, lump sum payments were finalized for a voluntary lump sum offer made in 
September, to certain former employees participating in the Company sponsored defined benefit plan.  The 
Company incurred non-cash settlement charges of $18 million, $4 million and $3 million in fiscal years 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting from lump sum payments. All lump sum payments were paid from 
pension plan assets.   
Effective September 30, 2015, non-union participants’ benefits of a USF sponsored defined benefit pension 
plan were frozen, resulting in a reduction in the benefit obligation included in other long-term liabilities of 
approximately $91 million, including a $73 million curtailment, with a corresponding decrease to accumulated 
other comprehensive loss. At the remeasurement date, the plan’s net loss included in accumulated other 
comprehensive loss exceeded the reduction in the plan’s benefit obligation and, accordingly, no net 
curtailment gain or loss was recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. As a result 

74 

 

of the plan freeze, actuarial gains and losses are amortized over the average remaining life expectancy of 
inactive participants rather than the average remaining service lives of active participants. 

In the second quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a $22 million increase to its pension obligation, with a 
corresponding increase to accumulated other comprehensive loss, to correct a computational error related to 
the September 30, 2015 USF pension plan freeze discussed above. The Company determined the error did not 
materially impact the financial statements for any of the periods reported. The fiscal year 2016 decrease in net 
periodic pension costs is primarily attributable to the September 30, 2015 USF pension plan freeze. 
 
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss for pension 
and other postretirement benefits for the last three fiscal years were as follows (in thousands):  

 

  
  

  
  

2017 

Pension Benefits 
    
    

2016 

2015 

  
  

       

       
523     $  (64,296 )   $ 
—       
138       
—       
(21,917 )     
138       
157       
8,255       
3,848       
17,785       
4,487       

   
  
  $ 
(3,171 ) 
    
73,191   
    
—   
    
195   
    
10,394   
    
3,358   
$  22,432     $  (73,314 )   $  83,967   
      
  
  
   Other Postretirement Plans 
   2017 
2015 
  

2016 

        

        

    

    

  
  $ 
    
    
    
$ 

       
181     $ 
—       
6       
(148 )     
39     $ 

       
(174 )   $ 
—       
6       
(71 )     
(239 )   $ 

   
1,035   
(1,291 ) 
(62 ) 
14   
(304 ) 

Changes recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss: 

Actuarial gain (loss) 
Curtailment 
Prior year correction 
Amortization of prior service cost 
Amortization of net loss 
Settlements 

Net amount recognized 
  

  
  

Changes recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss: 

Actuarial gain (loss) 
Prior service cost 
Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 
Amortization of net (gain) loss 

Net amount recognized 

75 

 

 

 

The funded status of the defined benefit plans for the last three fiscal years was as follows (in thousands):   

  
  
Change in benefit obligation: 

Benefit obligation at beginning of period 
Service cost 
Interest cost 
Actuarial loss (gain) 
Curtailment 
Prior year correction 
Settlements 
Special termination benefit 
Benefit disbursements 

Benefit obligation at end of period 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 
Return on plan assets 
Employer contribution 
Settlements 
Benefit disbursements 

Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

Net funded status 

2015 

2016 

2017 

Pension Benefits 
    
    
       
       

3,849       
40,459       
73,855       
—       
21,917       
(16,002 )     
—       
(20,730 )     

2,356       
39,474       
76,111       
—       
—       
(87,225 )     
—       
(20,655 )     

  
 
  
 
    
   
  $  966,234     $  862,886     $  970,469   
32,582   
    
39,628   
    
(73,282 ) 
    
    
(73,191 ) 
—   
    
(15,287 ) 
    
422   
    
    
(18,455 ) 
     976,295        966,234        862,886   
    
   
     799,166        742,341        749,166   
(21,572 ) 
     124,462       
    
35,535       
48,489   
(15,287 ) 
(87,225 )     
    
    
(20,655 )     
(18,455 ) 
     851,283        799,166        742,341   
$ (125,012 )   $ (167,068 )   $ (120,545 ) 

57,855       
35,702       
(16,002 )     
(20,730 )     

       

       

Other Postretirement Plans 

2017 

2016 

2015 

  
  

Change in benefit obligation: 

Benefit obligation at beginning of period 
Service cost 
Interest cost 
Employee contributions 
Actuarial (gain) loss 
Plan amendment 
Benefit disbursements 

Benefit obligation at end of period 

Change in plan assets: 
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 
Employer contribution 
Employee contributions 
Benefit disbursements 

Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

Net funded status 

  
  
    
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$ 

    
       
6,952     $ 
35       
283       
195       
(181 )     
—       
(661 )     
6,623       
       
—       
466       
195       
(661 )     
—       
(6,623 )   $ 

    
       
6,974     $ 
37       
296       
204       
174       
—       
(733 )     
6,952       
       
—       
529       
204       
(733 )     
—       
(6,952 )   $ 

  
  
   
6,789   
37   
264   
209   
(1,035 ) 
1,291   
(581 ) 
6,974   
   
—   
372   
209   
(581 ) 
—   
(6,974 ) 

The fiscal year 2017 and 2016 actuarial losses of $76 million and $74 million, respectively, were primarily 
due to a decrease in discount rates. The 2015 actuarial gain of $73 million was primarily due to an increase in 
discount rates. 

 

76 

 

  
  

  
  

2017 

Pension Benefits 
    
    

2016 

2015 

  
  

Amounts recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets consist of the following: 
Accrued benefit obligation—current 
Accrued benefit obligation—noncurrent 
Net amount recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets 
Amounts recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss consist of the following: 

Prior service cost 
Net loss 

Net loss recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss 
Additional information: 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

  
  

Amounts recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets consist of the following: 
Accrued benefit obligation—current 
Accrued benefit obligation—noncurrent 
Net amount recognized in the consolidated 
   balance sheets 
Amounts recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss consist of the following: 

Gain, net of prior service cost 

Net gain recognized in accumulated other 
   comprehensive loss 

       
(598 )   $ 

   
    
  $ 
(546 ) 
     (124,414 )      (166,519 )      (119,999 ) 

       
(549 )   $ 

  $ (125,012 )   $ (167,068 )   $ (120,545 ) 

   
    
  $ 
438   
     198,990        221,146        147,675   

       
281     $ 

       
5     $ 

  $  198,995     $  221,427     $  148,113   
    
   
  $  973,946     $  963,008     $  854,858   

       

       

  
  

    
  $ 
    

Other Postretirement Plans 

2017 

    

2016 

    

2015 

  
  

       
(527 )   $ 
(6,096 )     

       
(576 )   $ 
(6,376 )     

   
(525 ) 
(6,449 ) 

  $ 

(6,623 )   $ 

(6,952 )   $ 

(6,974 ) 

    
  $ 

  $ 

       
864     $ 

       
825     $ 

   
1,064   

864     $ 

825     $ 

1,064   

  

Pension 
Benefits 

  

Other 

Postretirement 
   
  

Plans 

Amounts expected to be amortized from 
   accumulated other comprehensive loss in the 
   next fiscal year: 
Net loss (gain) 
Prior service cost 

Net expected to be amortized 

    
  $ 
    
  $ 

      
3,383    $ 
5      
3,388    $ 

   
(156 ) 
6   
(150 ) 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at period-end and net pension costs for 
the last three fiscal years were as follows:  

  
  

Benefit obligation: 

Discount rate 
Annual compensation increase 

Net cost: 

Discount rate 
Expected return on plan assets 
Annual compensation increase 

  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

77 

2017 

2016 

Pension Benefits 
  
  
  
  
       
       
4.25 %    
3.70 %    
3.60 %    
3.60 %    
       
       
4.64 %    
4.25 %    
6.50 %    
6.00 %    
3.60 %    
3.60 %    

2015 

  
  
   

4.64 % 
3.60 % 

   

4.25 % 
7.00 % 
3.60 % 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  

Benefit obligation—discount rate 
Net cost—discount rate 

  
  
   
   

Other Postretirement Plans 

2017 

  

  
3.70 %    
4.25 %    

2016 

  

  
4.25 %    
4.40 %    

  
  

2015 

4.40 % 
4.05 % 

The measurement date for the pension and other postretirement benefit plans was December 31 for 2017, 
2016, and 2015. The Company applies the practical expedient under ASU No. 2015-04, to measure defined 
benefit retirement obligations and related plan assets as of the month-end that is closest to its fiscal year-end.  
 
A health care cost trend rate is used in the calculations of postretirement medical benefit plan obligations. The 
assumed healthcare trend rates for the last three fiscal years were as follows:  

  

Immediate rate 
Ultimate trend rate 
Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

  
   
   
  

2017 

  

  
6.70 %    
4.50 %    
2037      

2016 

  

  
7.40 %    
4.50 %    
2037       

2015 

  

7.40 % 
4.50 % 
2038   

A 1% change in the rate would result in a change to the postretirement medical plan obligation of less than $1 
million. Retirees covered under these plans are responsible for the cost of coverage in excess of the subsidy, 
including all future cost increases.  

In determining the discount rate, the Company determines the implied rate of return on a hypothetical 
portfolio of high-quality fixed-income investments, for which the timing and amount of cash outflows 
approximates the estimated pension plan payouts. The discount rate assumption is reviewed annually and 
revised as appropriate. 

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is derived from a mathematical asset model. This model 
incorporates assumptions on the various asset class returns, reflecting a combination of historical performance 
analysis and the forward-looking views of the financial markets regarding the yield on long-term bonds and 
the historical returns of the major stock markets. The rate of return assumption is reviewed annually and 
revised as deemed appropriate. 

The investment objective for our Company sponsored plans is to provide a common investment platform. 
Investment managers, overseen by the USF Retirement Administration Committee, are expected to adopt and 
maintain an asset allocation strategy for the plans’ assets designed to address the Retirement Plans’ liability 
structure. The Company has developed an asset allocation policy and rebalancing policy. We review the major 
asset classes, through consultation with investment consultants, at least quarterly to determine if the plan 
assets are performing as expected. The Company’s 2017 strategy targeted a mix of 50% equity securities and 
50% long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The actual mix of investments at December 31, 2017, was 
49% equity securities and 51% long-term debt securities and cash equivalents. The Company plans to manage 
the actual mix of investments to achieve its target mix.  

78 

 

The following table (in thousands) sets forth the fair value of our defined benefit plans’ assets by asset fair 
value hierarchy level. 

Asset Fair Value as of December 30, 2017 

     Level 3 

  
  
Cash and cash equivalents 
Equities: 

Domestic 
International 

Mutual funds: 

Domestic equities 
International equities 

Long-term debt securities: 

Corporate debt securities: 

Domestic 
International 

U.S. government securities 
Government agencies securities 
Other 

  
Common collective trust funds: 

Cash equivalents 
Domestic equities 
International equities 
Total investments measured at net asset value 
     as a practical expedient 
Total defined benefit plans’ assets 

 

  
  
Cash and cash equivalents 
Equities: 

Domestic 
International 

Mutual funds: 

Domestic equities 
International equities 

Long-term debt securities: 

Corporate debt securities: 

Domestic 
International 

U.S. government securities 
Government agencies securities 
Other 

  
Common collective trust funds: 

Cash equivalents 
Domestic equities 
International equities 
Total investments measured at net asset value 
     as a practical expedient 
Total defined benefit plans’ assets 

  

     Level 2 

7,898     $ 
       
33,967       
1,099       
       
37,163       
32,033       
       
       

  
   Level 1 
—     $ 
  $ 
       
    
—       
    
—       
    
       
    
—       
    
—       
    
       
    
       
    
—        223,604       
    
—       
26,360       
    
—        154,906       
    
—       
7,517       
    
—       
4,437       
    
  $  112,160     $  416,824     $ 
       
    
       
    
    
       
       
    

       
       
       
       

     Level 2 

  
   Level 1 
—     $ 
  $  10,073     $ 
    
       
       
—       
30,759       
    
—       
829       
    
    
       
       
—       
37,711       
    
—       
28,975       
    
       
    
       
    
       
       
—        196,743       
    
—       
    
20,120       
—        154,007       
    
—       
    
7,548       
—       
    
2,545       
  $  108,347     $  380,963     $ 
       
    
       
    
    
       
    
       
    
    
      

       
       
        

       
       
       
       

       
       
        

    

Total 

—     $ 
       
—       
—       
       
—       
—       
       
       

  
  
7,898   
   
33,967   
1,099   
   
37,163   
32,033   
   
   
—        223,604   
—       
26,360   
—        154,906   
—       
7,517   
—       
4,437   
—        528,984   
   
       
       
10,282   
        249,366   
62,651   
       

    

Total 

       
—       
—       
       
—       
—       
       
       

  
  
—     $  10,073   
   
30,759   
829   
   
37,711   
28,975   
   
   
—        196,743   
—       
20,120   
—        154,007   
—       
7,548   
—       
2,545   
—        489,310   
   
       
       
6,447   
        244,152   
59,257   
       

        309,856   
     $  799,166   
        
  

    
    

       
       

       
       

        322,299   
     $  851,283   

Asset Fair Value as of December 31, 2016 

     Level 3 

79 

 

A description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value is as follows: 
x 
x 

Cash and cash equivalents are valued at original cost plus accrued interest. 

Equities are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which individual securities are 
traded. 

x  Mutual funds are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which individual funds are 

traded. 

x 

Common collective trust funds are valued at the net asset value of the shares held at the December 31, 
2017 and 2016 measurement dates. This class represents investments in actively managed, common 
collective trust funds that invest primarily in equity securities, which may include common stocks, 
options and futures. Investments are valued at the net asset value per share, multiplied by the number of 
shares held as of the measurement date. 

Long-term debt securities are valued at the estimated price a dealer will pay for the individual securities. 

x 
Estimated future benefit payments, under Company sponsored plans as of December 30, 2017, were as 
follows (in thousands):  

 

 

 

  

 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
Subsequent five years 

Other 

Pension 
Benefits 

    

   
53,888    $ 
   $ 
46,852      
     
46,232      
     
45,402      
     
     
45,136      
      224,429      

Plans 

Postretirement 
 
536  
527  
539  
514  
495  
2,368   

The Company expects to contribute $36 million to the Retirement Plans in fiscal year 2018.  
Other Company Sponsored Benefit Plans —Substantially all employees are eligible to participate in a 
Company sponsored defined contribution 401(k) Plan, which provides for Company matching on the 
participant’s contributions of up to 100% of the first 3% of participant’s compensation, and 50% of the next 
2% of a participant’s compensation, for a maximum Company matching contribution of 4%. Through the  
third quarter of 2015, Company matching contributions were 50% of the first 6% of a participant’s 
compensation. The Company’s contributions to this plan were $46 million, $44 million and $32 million in 
fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company, at its discretion, may make additional 
contributions to the 401(k) Plan. The Company made no discretionary contributions under the 401(k) plan in 
fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015.   
Multiemployer Pension Plans —The Company contributes to numerous multiemployer pension plans under 
the terms of collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of its union-represented employees. The 
Company does not administer these multiemployer pension plans. 

The risks of participating in multiemployer pension plans differ from traditional single-employer defined 
benefit plans as follows: 
x 

Assets contributed to a multiemployer pension plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to 
the employees of other participating employers. 

x 

x 

If a participating employer stops contributing to a multiemployer pension plan, the unfunded obligations 
of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 

If the Company elects to stop participation in a multiemployer pension plan, or if the number of the 
Company’s employees participating in a plan is reduced to a certain degree over certain periods of time, 
the Company may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based upon the underfunded status of the 
plan. 

80 

 

The Company’s participation in multiemployer pension plans for the year ended December 30, 2017, is 
outlined in the tables below. The Company considers significant plans to be those plans to which the 
Company contributed more than 5% of total contributions to the plan in a given plan year, or for which the 
Company believes its estimated withdrawal liability, should it decide to voluntarily withdraw from the plan, 
may be material to the Company. For each plan that is considered individually significant to the Company, the 
following information is provided. 
x 

The EIN/Plan Number column provides the Employee Identification Number (“EIN”) and the three-
digit plan number (“PN”) assigned to a plan by the Internal Revenue Service. 
The most recent Pension Protection Act (“PPA”) zone status available for 2017 and 2016 is for the plan 
years beginning in 2017 and 2016, respectively. The zone status is based on information provided to 
participating employers by each plan and is certified by the plan’s actuary. A plan in the red zone has 
been determined to be in critical status, or critical and declining status, based on criteria established 
under the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”), and is generally less than 65% funded. Plans are 
generally considered “critical and declining” if they are projected to become insolvent within 20 years. 
A plan in the yellow zone has been determined to be in endangered status, based on criteria established 
under the Code, and is generally less than 80% but more than 65% funded. A plan in the green zone has 
been determined to be neither in critical status nor in endangered status, and is generally at least 80% 
funded. 

The FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented column indicates plans for which a financial improvement 
plan (“FIP”) or a rehabilitation plan (“RP”) is either pending or has been implemented. In addition to 
regular plan contributions, participating employers may be subject to a surcharge if the plan is in the red 
zone. 

The Surcharge Imposed column indicates whether a surcharge has been imposed on participating 
employers contributing to the plan. 

The Expiration Dates column indicates the expiration dates of the collective-bargaining agreements to 
which the plans are subject. 

x 

x 

x 

x 

 

EIN/ 

Plan Number 

  

PPA 

Zone Status 

2017 

  

2016 

  
  

FIP/RP Status 

Pending/ 

  
  

Implemented    
  

  

Surcharge 
Imposed    Expiration Dates 

  

  

  

   91-6145047/001    Green     Green    

N/A 

   No 

   41-6047047/001    Green     Green    Implemented    No 

   23-1511735/001    Yellow     Yellow    Implemented    No 

3/31/18 to 
3/31/20 

4/1/21 

  

  

   2/10/18(1) 

   36-6491473/001    Green     Green    
   No 
   13-5660513/001    Yellow     Yellow    Implemented    No 

N/A 

  
  

6/30/18 
5/30/19 

   23-6230368/001    Red 

   Red 

  Implemented    No 

   2/10/18(1) 

   36-6492502/001    Yellow     Red 

  Implemented    No 

  

12/29/18 

Pension Fund 

  

  
  

Western Conference of Teamsters 
   Pension Trust Fund 
Minneapolis Food Distributing 
   Industry Pension Plan 
Teamster Pension Trust Fund of 
   Philadelphia and Vicinity 
Local 703 I.B. of T. Grocery and 
   Food Employees’ Pension Plan 
United Teamsters Trust Fund A 
Warehouse Employees Local 
   169 and Employers Joint 
   Pension Fund(2) 
Local 705 I.B. of T. Pension 
   Trust Fund 
 
 

(1) 
(2) 

The collective bargaining agreement for this pension fund is operating under an extension through March 2018. 
Local 169 filed a Notice of Critical and Declining Status in 2017. 

 

81 

 

The following table provides information about the Company’s contributions to its multiemployer pension 
plans. For plans that are not individually significant to the Company, the total amount of USF contributions is 
aggregated. Prior year contribution amounts have been reclassified to other funds (below) for plans no longer 
considered significant in 2017. 

  
  

  
  

  
  

   
   

  
  
  

    
    

    
    

2015 

2016 

2017 

Total Plan 

(in thousands) 
  
  
     
     

  
  
USF Contribution(1)(2) 

  USF Contributions  
   Exceed 5% of 
 
 
  
Contributions(3) 
 
 
 
      
    
  
  
 
     2015 
 
   2016 
   
Pension Fund 
     
       
  
 $  10,780   $  10,104   $  10,227   
No      No  
Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Fund 
Yes      Yes  
5,399      5,162      5,200   
   
Minneapolis Food Distributing Industry Pension Plan 
3,917      3,442      3,461   
   
No      No  
Teamster Pension Trust Fund of Philadelphia and Vicinity 
Local 703 I.B. of T. Grocery and Food Employees’ Pension Plan 
Yes      Yes  
   
1,482      1,258      1,366   
Yes      Yes  
1,741      1,668      1,554   
United Teamsters Trust Fund A 
   
Yes      Yes  
Warehouse Employees Local 169 and Employers Joint Pension Fund    
897   
3,122      2,923      2,729   
   
Local 705 I.B. of T. Pension Trust Fund 
No      No  
6,853      7,179      8,196      —        —  
Other Funds 
   
  
   
 $  34,140   $  32,636   $  33,630     
 
(1)  Contributions made to these plans during the Company’s fiscal year, which may not coincide with the plans’ fiscal years. 
(2)  Contributions do not include payments related to multiemployer pension withdrawals/settlements. 
(3) 

Indicates whether the Company was listed in the respective multiemployer plan Form 5500 for the applicable plan year as 
having made more than 5% of total contributions to the plan. 
 

846     

900     

       

  

If the Company elects to voluntarily withdraw from multiemployer pension plans, it would be responsible for 
its proportionate share of the respective plan’s unfunded vested liability. Based on the latest information 
available from plan administrators, the Company estimates its aggregate withdrawal liability from the 
multiemployer pension plans in which it participates to be approximately $120 million as of December 30, 
2017. Actual withdrawal liabilities incurred by the Company, if it were to withdraw from one or more plans, 
could be materially different from the estimates noted here, based on better or more timely information from 
plan administrators or other changes affecting the respective plan’s funded status. 

18.  EARNINGS PER SHARE 

The Company computes earnings per share (“EPS”) in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share, which 
requires that non-vested restricted shares containing non-forfeitable dividend rights should be treated as 
participating securities pursuant to the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net income is reduced 
by the amount of dividends declared in the period for common stock and participating securities. The 
remaining undistributed earnings are then allocated to common stock and participating securities as if all of 
the net income for the period had been distributed. The amounts of distributed and undistributed earnings 
allocated to participating securities for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were insignificant and did not materially 
impact the calculation of basic or diluted EPS. The remaining non-vested restricted shares that contained non-
forfeitable dividend rights vested on December 31, 2016.  As such, the Company has not computed EPS using 
the two-class method during fiscal year 2017.  

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average 
number of shares of common stock outstanding. 

Diluted EPS is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock, plus the effect of 
potentially dilutive securities. Stock options, non-vested restricted shares with forfeitable dividend rights, non-
vested restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase plan deferrals are considered potentially dilutive 
securities.  

82 

 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:  

 

  
Numerator (in thousands): 

Net income 
Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares 
   outstanding 
Dilutive effect of Share-based awards 
Weighted-average dilutive shares 
   outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 
Diluted earnings per share 

 
   
 $ 
   

2017 

  
     
444,294   $ 
     

2016 

  
     
209,794   $ 
     

2015 

 
  
167,518  
  

   222,383,038     200,129,868     169,560,616  
   
1,500,104  

3,280,747     

3,894,858     

   225,663,785     204,024,726     171,060,720  
0.99  
 $ 
 $ 
0.98   

2.00   $ 
1.97   $ 

1.05   $ 
1.03   $ 

 
19.  CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, by component, for the last 
three fiscal years, (in thousands):  

 

 

 

  

2015 

2016 

2017 

    
       
       

    
       
       

  
  
Accumulated other comprehensive loss components 
   
    
   
    
   Retirement benefit obligations: 
      Balance at beginning of period (1) 
  $ (119,363 )   $  (74,378 )   $ (158,041 ) 
(2,136 ) 
         Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications     
704        (64,470 )     
—       
—       
(1,291 ) 
    
         Current year prior service cost 
         Amortization of prior service cost(2) (3) 
133   
    
144       
163       
         Amortization of net loss(2) (3) 
8,184        10,408   
    
3,700       
         Settlements(2) (3) 
3,358   
4,487       
     17,785       
         Curtailment(4) 
—        73,191   
138       
    
         Prior year correction(4) 
—   
—        (21,917 )     
    
     22,471        (73,553 )      83,663   
      Total before income tax 
      Income tax provision (benefit)(5) 
—   
    
     16,171        (44,985 )      83,663   
   Current period comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
      Balance at end of period (1) 
  $ (103,192 )   $ (119,363 )   $  (74,378 ) 
       
  
    
   
  
        
      
   Interest rate swaps: 
      Balance at beginning of period (1) 
—   
—     $ 
  $ 
—   
     10,236       
         Change in fair value of interest rate swaps 
—   
         Amounts reclassified to interest expense 
    
1,939       
—   
     12,175       
      Total before income tax 
—   
4,738       
    
      Income tax provision 
—   
7,437       
    
   Current period comprehensive income, net of tax 
      Balance at end of period (1) 
—   
  $ 
7,437     $ 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of period(1) 
  $  (95,755 )   $ (119,363 )   $  (74,378 ) 

       
        
—     $ 
—       
—       
—       
—       
—       
—     $ 

6,300        (28,568 )     

(1)  Amounts are presented net of tax. 
(2) 
(3) 

(4) 

Included in the computation of net periodic benefit costs. See Note 17, Retirement Plans for additional information. 
Included in distribution, selling and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income. 
The fiscal year 2015 curtailment is due to freeze of non-union participants’ benefits of a USF sponsored defined 
benefit pension plan. In fiscal year 2016, the curtailment was corrected for a computational error. See Note 17, 
Retirement Plans. 

(5)  No impact in fiscal year 2015 due to the Company’s full valuation allowance on its net deferred income tax assets. 

See Note 20, Income Taxes. 

83 

 

20. 

INCOME TAXES 
The income tax (benefit) provision for the last three fiscal years consisted of the following (in thousands): 

 

 

  

Current: 

Federal 
State 

Current income tax provision 

Deferred: 
Federal 
State 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

Total income tax (benefit) provision 

2015 

2016 

2017 

  
    
  
   
    
       
5,307   
  $  73,792     $ 
1,722   
9,084       
    
7,029   
82,876       
    
   
    
       
15,117   
     (133,182 )     
2,489   
    
10,254       
     (122,928 )     
17,606   
  $  (40,052 )   $  (78,685 )   $  24,635   

    
       
1,110     $ 
639       
1,749       
       
(15,095 )     
(65,339 )     
(80,434 )     

The Company’s effective income tax rates for the fiscal years ended December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 
and January 2, 2016 were (10)%, (60)% and 13%, respectively. The determination of the Company’s overall 
effective tax rate requires the use of estimates. The effective tax rate reflects the income earned and taxed in 
U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions based on enacted tax law, permanent differences between book and 
tax items, tax credits and the Company’s change in relative contribution to income for each jurisdiction. 
Changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and the Company’s 
effective tax rate in the future. 

On December 22, 2017 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation referred to herein as the 
Tax Act. The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to (1) 
a reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate and (2) bonus depreciation that permits full expensing of 
qualified property.  
The SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin 118 (“SAB 118”), which provides guidance on accounting for 
the tax effects of the Tax Act. SAB 118 provides a measurement period that should not extend beyond one 
year from the Tax Act enactment date for companies to complete the accounting under ASC 740, Income 
Taxes. In accordance with SAB 118, a company must reflect the income tax effects of those aspects of the Tax 
Act for which the accounting under ASC 740, Income Taxes is complete. To the extent that a company’s 
accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act is incomplete but it is able to determine a reasonable 
estimate, it must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. If a company cannot determine a 
provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, it should continue to apply ASC 740, Income 
Taxes on the basis of the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the 
Tax Act.  

The Tax Act reduced the corporate tax rate to 21 percent, effective January 1, 2018 and provided for bonus 
depreciation that allows for full expensing of qualified assets placed into service after September 27, 2017. 
Our accounting for the reduction of the corporate tax rate and bonus depreciation that allows for full 
expensing of qualified property is incomplete, However, the Company was able to determine a reasonable 
estimate of the impact of the corporate tax rate reduction and bonus depreciation that will allow for full 
expensing of qualified property. Consequently, we have recorded a provisional decrease to our deferred tax 
liabilities of $173 million with a corresponding adjustment to deferred income tax benefit of $173 million for 
the year ended December 30, 2017 related to the reduction of the corporate tax rate. Additionally, we have 
recorded a provisional increase in our net deferred tax liabilities of $4 million with a corresponding 
adjustment of $4 million to other long-term liabilities for the year ended December 30, 2017 related to bonus 
depreciation that allowed for full expensing of qualified property. The income tax effects for these positions 
require further analysis to prepare the accounting related to the income tax effects of the Tax Act in reasonable 
detail. The accounting for these items is expected to be complete when the 2017 U.S. federal income tax 
return is filed in 2018.  

84 

 

The reconciliation of the (benefit) provision for income taxes from continuing operations at the U.S. federal 
statutory income tax rate of 35% to the Company’s income taxes for the last three fiscal years is shown below 
(in thousands).  

Total income tax (benefit) provision 
 
Temporary differences and carryforwards that created significant deferred tax assets and liabilities were as 
follows (in thousands): 
 

    

    

2016 

2017 

2015 

1,886       
(2,873 )     
4,700       

  
  
  $  141,485     $  45,888     $  67,254   
     16,023       
2,776   
438   
     (26,150 )     
5,349       
    
2,911   
(806 )     (127,518 )      (47,531 ) 
    
    
927       
1,860   
—   
(3,675 )     
    
(1,946 ) 
    
(1,147 )     
—   
     (173,057 )     
    
(1,127 ) 
999       
  $  (40,052 )   $  (78,685 )   $  24,635   

1,563       
(3,217 )     
647       
—       
239       

December 30, 

December 31, 

  
     
   $ 
     
     
     
  
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   $ 

2017 

    
        
7,416      $ 
6,472        
4,646        
42,958        
162        
1,744        
23,350        
86,246        
9,819        
182,813        
(28,962 )      
153,851        
        
(92,092 )      
(29,802 )      
(273,774 )      
(395,668 )      
(241,817 )    $ 

2016 

  
   
10,552   
35,020   
14,885   
61,118   
470   
5,379   
51,618   
162,511   
30,429   
371,982   
(24,274 ) 
347,708   
   
(216,556 ) 
(41,765 ) 
(435,817 ) 
(694,138 ) 
(346,430 ) 

December 30, 

2017 

    

December 31, 

21,505      $ 
(263,322 )      
(241,817 )    $ 

2016 

  
34,405   
(380,835 ) 
(346,430 ) 

  
   $ 
     
   $ 

  

 

  

Federal income taxes computed at statutory rate 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
Stock-based compensation 
Non-deductible expenses 
Change in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
Net operating loss expirations 
Tax credits 
Change in unrecognized tax benefits 
Change in U.S. federal statutory tax rate 
Other 

Deferred tax assets: 

  

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
Accrued employee benefits 
Restructuring reserves 
Workers’ compensation, general and fleet liabilities 
Deferred income 
Deferred financing costs 
Postretirement benefit obligations 
Net operating loss carryforwards 
Other accrued expenses 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 
Inventories 
Intangibles 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

Noncurrent deferred tax assets 
Noncurrent deferred tax liability 
Net deferred tax liability 

  

85 

The net deferred tax liabilities presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (in thousands).   
 

 

 

As of December 30, 2017, the Company had tax affected state net operating loss carryforwards of $86 million, 
which will expire at various dates from 2018 to 2037.  The Company’s net operating loss carryforwards expire 
as follows (in millions): 

  
2018-2022 
2023-2027 
2028-2032 
2033-2037 
  

  
   $ 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   $ 

State     
25    
42    
14    
5    
86    

The Company also has state credit carryforwards of $12 million. 

The U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards in the income tax returns filed included 
unrecognized tax benefits taken in prior years. The net operating losses for which a deferred tax asset is 
recognized for financial statement purposes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes are presented net of 
these unrecognized tax benefits. 

Because of the change of ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, use of a portion of the 
Company’s domestic net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be limited in future periods. 
Further, a portion of the carryforwards may expire before being applied to reduce future income tax liabilities. 

We released the previously recorded valuation allowance against our U.S. federal net deferred tax assets and 
certain of our state net deferred tax assets in fiscal year 2016 as we determined it was more likely than not that 
the deferred tax assets would be realized. We maintained a valuation allowance on certain state net operating 
loss and tax credit carryforwards expected to expire unutilized as a result of insufficient forecasted taxable 
income in the carryforward period or the utilization of which is subject to limitation. The decision to release 
the valuation allowance was made after management considered all available evidence, both positive and 
negative, including but not limited to, historical operating results, cumulative income in recent years, 
forecasted earnings, and a reduction of uncertainty regarding forecasted earnings as a result of developments 
in certain customer and strategic initiatives during 2016. 

A summary of the activity in the valuation allowance for the last three fiscal years is as follows (in thousands): 

  

Balance at beginning of period 

Expense (benefit) recognized 
Other comprehensive income 
Other 

Balance at end of period 

    

    

2015 

2016 

2017 

  
  
  $  24,274     $  151,792     $  232,163   
(47,531 ) 
    
    
(32,484 ) 
    
(356 ) 
  $  28,962     $  24,274     $  151,792   

4,688        (127,518 )     
—       
—       

—       
—       

The calculation of the Company’s tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws 
and regulations in U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. The Company 1) records unrecognized tax benefits as 
liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes and 2) adjusts these liabilities when the Company’s 
judgment changes because of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the 
complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially 
different from the current estimate of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. These differences will be 
reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 
The Company recognizes an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be 
sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the 
technical merits. 

86 

 

Reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of fiscal years 2017, 2016, 
and 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

 

Balance at December 27, 2014 

Gross decreases due to positions taken in prior years 
Gross increases due to positions taken in current year 
Decreases due to lapses of statute of limitations 
Increases due to changes in tax rates 
Positions assumed in business acquisition 

Balance at January 2, 2016 

Gross increases due to positions taken in prior years 
Gross increases due to positions taken in current year 
Decreases due to lapses of statute of limitations 
Increases due to changes in tax rates 

Balance at December 31, 2016 

Gross increases due to positions taken in prior years 
Gross decreases due to positions taken in prior years 
Gross decreases due to positions taken in current year 
Decreases due to lapses of statute of limitations 
Decreases due to changes in tax rates 

Balance at December 30, 2017 

  $  46,584   
    
(4,856 ) 
    
—   
    
(15 ) 
    
92   
    
3,279   
    
45,084   
    
4,743   
    
—   
    
(767 ) 
    
180   
49,240   
    
    
71,801   
    
(3,602 ) 
    
(5,098 ) 
    
(319 ) 
    
(3,837 ) 
  $  108,185   

 
The Company believes it is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by 
approximately $64 million in the next 12 months as a result of the completion of tax audits, the expiration of 
the statute of limitations, or the receipt of affirmative written consent of the IRS to change a method of 
accounting. 

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $60 
million, $43 million and $40 million, respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the 
effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense 
and penalties in operating expenses. As of December 30, 2017, the Company had accrued interest and 
penalties of approximately $5 million, and $4 million as of December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016. 

The Company files U.S. federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of 
limitations. Our 2007 through 2016 U.S. federal tax years, and various state tax years from 2000 through 
2016, remain subject to income tax examinations by the relevant taxing authorities. Prior to 2007, the 
Company was owned by Royal Ahold N.V. (“Ahold”).  Ahold has indemnified the Company for 2007 pre-
closing consolidated U.S. federal and certain combined state income taxes, and the Company is responsible 
for all other taxes, and interest and penalties. 

21.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Purchase Commitments—The Company enters into purchase orders with vendors and other parties in the 
ordinary course of business, and has a limited number of purchase contracts with certain vendors that require 
it to buy a predetermined volume of products. As of December 30, 2017, the Company had $741 million of 
purchase orders and purchase contract commitments to be purchased in fiscal year 2018, that are not recorded 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

To minimize fuel cost risk, the Company enters into forward purchase commitments for a portion of its 
projected diesel fuel requirements. At December 30, 2017, the Company had diesel fuel forward purchase 
commitments totaling $33 million through June 2018. The Company also enters into forward purchase 
agreements for electricity. As of December 30, 2017 the Company had electricity forward purchase 
commitments totaling $5 million through July 2020. The Company does not measure its forward purchase 
commitments for fuel and electricity at fair value, as the amounts under contract meet the physical delivery 
criteria in the normal purchase exception under GAAP guidance. 

87 

 

Legal Proceedings—The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of legal proceedings arising 
from the normal course of business. These legal proceedings, whether pending, threatened or unasserted, if 
decided adversely to or settled by the Company, may result in liabilities material to its financial position, 
results of operations, or cash flows. The Company recognized provisions with respect to the proceedings, 
where appropriate, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. It is possible that the Company could be required to 
make expenditures, in excess of the established provisions, in amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. 
However, the Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material 
adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. It is the Company’s 
policy to expense attorney fees as incurred.  
Insurance Recoveries—Tornado Loss—On April 28, 2014, a tornado damaged a distribution facility and its 
contents, including building improvements, equipment and inventory. Business from the damaged facility was 
temporarily transferred to other Company distribution facilities until July 2015, when a new state-of-the-art 
distribution facility became operational. The Company had insurance coverage on the distribution facility and 
its contents, as well as business interruption insurance. In fiscal year 2015, the Company received proceeds of 
$26 million of which $6 million was recognized as a receivable in 2014. The remaining $20 million of 
proceeds received and recognized in fiscal year 2015 represented the recovery of current and prior year 
operating costs, for a net $11 million recognized as a benefit in 2015. The Company received the final 
insurance settlement and recognized a net benefit of $10 million in 2016. 

The Company classified $3 million related to the damaged distribution facility as cash flows provided by 
investing activities in fiscal year 2015, in its Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Insurance proceeds of 
$10 million and $23 million related to damaged inventory and business interruption costs are classified as cash 
flows provided by operating activities in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively, in the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows.  

22.  US FOODS HOLDING CORP. CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
 

These condensed parent company financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated 
financial statements. Under terms of its debt agreements, the net assets of USF, our wholly owned subsidiary, 
are restricted from being transferred to US Foods in the form of loans, advances or dividends—with the 
exception of income tax payments, share-based compensation settlements and minor administrative costs. As 
of December 30, 2017, USF had $751 million of restricted payment capacity under these covenants, and 
approximately $2,001 million of its net assets were restricted after taking into consideration the net deferred 
tax assets and intercompany balances that eliminate in consolidation. See Note 15, Share-Based 
Compensation, Common Stock Issuances and Common Stock for a discussion of the Company’s equity 
related transactions. In the condensed parent company financial statements below, the investment in 
subsidiary, USF, is accounted for using the equity method. 

88 

 

 

 

 

Condensed Parent Company Balance Sheets 

(In thousands) 

  

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
Other assets 
Investment in subsidiary 

TOTAL ASSETS 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Intercompany payable 
Deferred tax liabilities 
Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 21) 
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

Common stock, $.01 par value—600,000 shares 
   authorized; 214,963 and 220,929 issued and outstanding 
   as of December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 
Additional paid-in capital 
Accumulated earnings (deficit) 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders’ equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

2016 

2017 

December 31, 

    
       
138     $ 
—       

December 30, 
  
  
   
    
  $ 
138   
    
837   
     2,846,716        2,638,105   
  $  2,846,854     $  2,639,080   
   
    
  $ 
348   
    
101,082   
    
—   
    
101,430   
    
   
    
   

       
348     $ 
25,032     $ 
70,111       
95,491       
       
       

2,150       

    
2,209   
     2,721,454        2,791,264   
    
(136,460 ) 
    
(119,363 ) 
     2,751,363        2,537,650   
  $  2,846,854     $  2,639,080   

123,514       
(95,755 )     

Condensed Parent Company Statements of Comprehensive Income 

(In thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended 

December 31, 

2017 

  
December 30, 
  
  $ 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  $ 

    
—     $ 
—       
—       
—       
—       
(5,103 )     
5,103       
439,191       
444,294       
       
16,171       
7,437       
467,902     $ 

2016 

   

2016 

  
January 2, 
  
—   
—   
300,000   
241   
300,241   
34,340   
265,901   
(98,383 ) 
167,518   
   
83,663   
—   
164,809     $  251,181   

4,746     $ 
(4,746 )     
—       
103       
(4,643 )     
104,565       
(109,208 )     
319,002       
209,794       
       
(44,985 )     
—       

  

  

OPERATING EXPENSES 
OPERATING LOSS 
ACQUSITION TERMINATION FEE 
INTEREST INCOME 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

INCOME TAX (BENEFIT) PROVISION 

Income (loss) before equity in net earnings (loss) of subsidiary 

EQUITY IN NET EARNINGS (LOSS) OF SUBSIDIARY 
NET INCOME 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME—Net of tax: 

Changes in retirement benefit obligations, net 
Unrecognized gain on interest rate swaps, net 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

89 

 

Condensed Parent Company Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

  

  

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) 
   provided by operating activities: 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
  

Equity in net (earnings) loss of subsidiary 
Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

    
    
    
    
    
Decrease (increase) in other assets 
(Decrease) increase in intercompany payable 
    
Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities      
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net proceeds from initial public offering 
Cash distribution to shareholders 
Proceeds from common stock sales 
Common stock repurchased 
Common stock and share-based awards settled 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
  

Investment in subsidiary 
Cash distribution from subsidiary 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

  
December 30, 
  
      
  $ 

    
      
444,294     $ 

2017 

Fiscal Years Ended 

  

December 31, 

January 2, 

2016 

   
       
209,794     $ 

2016 

  
   
167,518   

       
(439,191 )     
(77,082 )     
       
837       
—       
71,142       
—       
       
       
—       
280,000       
280,000       
       
       
—       
—       
—       
(280,000 )     
—       
(280,000 )     

       
(319,002 )     
106,482       
       
(837 )     
(6,845 )     
(63 )     
(10,471 )     
       
       
(1,113,919 )     
374,332       
(739,587 )     
       
       
1,113,799       
(666,332 )     
2,850       
—       
(362 )     
449,955       

   
98,383   
27,084   
   
—   
7,193   
63   
300,241   
   
   
—   
—   
—   
   
   
—   
—   
—   
—   
—   
—   

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND 
   CASH EQUIVALENTS 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS—Beginning of year 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS—End of year 

    
    
  $ 

—       
138       
138     $ 

(300,103 )     
300,241       
138     $ 

300,241   
—   
300,241   

 

90 

 

23.  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) 

Financial information for each quarter in the fiscal years ended December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016, is 
set forth below (in thousands, except per share data): 

 

  
  
  

Fiscal year ended December 30, 2017 

Net sales 
Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 
Interest expense—net 

Income before income taxes 
Income tax provision (benefit) 
Net income 
Net income per share: 

Basic 
Diluted 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 

  

Net sales 
Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 
Interest expense—net 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) 
Net income (loss) 
Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 
Diluted 

  
 
24.  BUSINESS INFORMATION  

  

     

      

      

First 

43,211      

  
Second 
   Quarter 

   
Fourth 
    Quarter 

   
Third 
    Quarter 

     
    Fiscal Year 

(In thousands) 
      

41,886     
34,638     
7,822     
26,816   $ 
     
0.12   $ 
0.12   $ 
    
  
     

41,003      
43,482      
84,571       146,819       138,214      
51,268       (118,255 )    
19,113      
95,551    $  256,469    $ 
65,458    $ 
      
      
0.29    $ 
1.16    $ 
1.15    $ 
0.29    $ 
     
     
  
  
      
      

  
 
  
  Quarter 
  
 
   
   
 $ 5,788,425   $ 6,158,654    $ 6,204,194    $ 5,995,888    $ 24,147,161   
   4,797,117     5,104,605      5,105,632      4,922,264      19,929,618   
    991,308     1,054,049      1,098,562      1,073,624       4,217,543   
    914,784      928,475       908,532       891,928       3,643,719   
169,582   
   
   
404,242   
(40,052 ) 
   
444,294   
 $ 
   
   
 $ 
2.00   
1.97   
 $ 
  
   
   
   
 $ 5,593,149   $ 5,806,758    $ 5,840,963    $ 5,677,938    $ 22,918,808   
   4,633,381     4,772,721      4,808,426      4,651,008      18,865,536   
    959,768     1,034,037      1,032,537      1,026,930       4,053,272   
    875,091      935,600       917,446       911,314       3,639,451   
   
229,080   
53,632   
   
131,109   
   
(78,685 ) 
   
 $ 
209,794   
   
   
1.05   
 $ 
1.03   
 $ 
   
   

48,956      
11,483      
54,652      
(78,359 )    
(13,392 )  $  133,011    $ 
      
0.60    $ 
0.59    $ 
      

39,320      
—      
76,296      
(568 )    
76,864    $ 
      
0.35    $ 
0.34    $ 
      

70,559     
—     
14,118     
807     
13,311   $ 
     
0.08   $ 
0.08   $ 
     

      
0.43    $ 
0.42    $ 
     
  
      

70,245      
42,149      
(13,957 )    
(565 )    

      
(0.07 )  $ 
(0.07 )  $ 
      

  

The Company’s consolidated results represents the results of its one business segment based on how the 
Company’s chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, views the business for purposes of 
evaluating performance and making operating decisions. 

The Company markets and, primarily, distributes fresh, frozen and dry food and non-food products to 
foodservice customers throughout the United States. The Company uses a centralized management structure, 
and its strategies and initiatives are implemented and executed consistently across the organization to 
maximize value to the organization as a whole. The Company uses shared resources for sales, procurement, 
and general and administrative activities across each of its distribution centers and operations. The Company’s 
distribution centers form a single network to reach its customers; it is common for a single customer to make 
purchases from several different distribution centers. Capital projects, whether for cost savings or generating 
incremental revenue, are evaluated based on estimated economic returns to the organization as a whole.  

91 

 

 

 

The following table presents the sales mix for the Company’s principal product categories for the last three 
fiscal years (in thousands): 

  

Meats and seafood 
Dry grocery products 
Refrigerated and frozen grocery products 
Dairy 
Equipment, disposables and supplies 
Beverage products 
Produce 
  

  

  

2015 

2016 

2017 

 
 
 $  8,692,213   $  8,120,738   $  8,391,997  
    4,266,200      4,127,013      4,123,584  
    3,798,737      3,653,037      3,582,517  
    2,533,207      2,380,112      2,457,516  
    2,243,243      2,165,744      2,171,006  
    1,306,347      1,267,723      1,279,201  
    1,307,214      1,204,441      1,121,711  
 $ 24,147,161   $ 22,918,808   $ 23,127,532   

No single customer accounted for more than 3% of the Company’s consolidated net sales for fiscal years 
2017, 2016 and 2015. However, customers purchasing through one group purchasing organization accounted 
for approximately 13% of consolidated net sales in fiscal year 2017, and 12% of consolidated net sales in 
fiscal years 2016 and 2015.  

 

 
 

92 

 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 30, 2017, the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out under 

the supervision and with the participation of US Foods Holding Corp.'s management, including our Chief Executive 
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of our "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that 
information required to be disclosed in the reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") is 
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and 
that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, 
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions 
regarding required disclosure. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting dated February 27, 2018 

Management of US Foods Holding Corp. and subsidiaries (the "Company") is responsible for establishing 

and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
Company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
Company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the Company's financial 
statements. 

Internal control over financial reporting includes the controls themselves, monitoring and internal auditing 

practices, and actions taken to correct deficiencies as identified. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control 
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of 
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 30, 2017. Management based this assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial 
reporting described in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included an evaluation of the design of the 
Company's internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control 
over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with the Audit Committee of the 
Company's Board of Directors. 

Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of December 30, 2017, the Company maintained 

effective internal control over financial reporting. Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public 
accounting firm, who audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this 
report, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 30, 2017. 

 

 

93 

 

Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of 

2017 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial 
reporting. 
 

 

94 

 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
  
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of US Foods Holding Corp. 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of US Foods Holding Corp. and subsidiaries (the 
“Company”) as of December 30, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework 
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, 
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 
30, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 30, 2017, of the 
Company and our report dated February 27, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion  

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and 
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 
Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting dated February 27, 2018. Our responsibility is 
to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting 
was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered 
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate. 

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 
February 27, 2018 

95 

 

Item 9B.  Other Information 

None. 

96 

 

PART III 

Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 11.  Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters 

Security Beneficial Ownership 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.   
Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
Director Independence 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual 

Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  

97 

 

Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
(a)  1.    Financial Statements: 

Part IV 

The following financial statements of US Foods Holding Corp. and subsidiaries are included in Item 8: 

  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years Ended December 30, 2017,  

December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016  

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended December 30, 2017, 

December 31, 2016 and January 2, 2016  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended December 30, 2017, December 31, 2016  

and January 2, 2016  

 

2.  Financial Statement Schedules 

47 
48 

49 

50 

51 

Schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required, or the information is included 
elsewhere in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.  Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report or are incorporated by reference. 
 

 
Exhibit No. 
 
  3.1 

   

 

 
 

 
 

 
  3.2 

 

  4.1 

 

  4.2 

 

  4.3 

 

10.1 

 

10.2 

 

Description 

 
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC 
on June 1, 2016. 
Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on 
November 7, 2017. 

Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2016, among US Foods, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to 
time parties thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on 
June 28, 2016. 
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2016, among US Foods, Inc., the Subsidiary 
Guarantors under the Indenture and Wilmington Trust, National Association, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed 
with the SEC on June 28, 2016. 
Form of 5.875% Senior Note due 2024, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on June 28, 2016 
(included in Exhibit 4.1 thereto). 
Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016. 
Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors, incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 5 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 
(File No. 333-209442) filed with the SEC on May 20, 2016. 

   

 

   

 

   

   

 

 

   

 

98 

 

Exhibit No. 
 
10.3 

 
10.4 

 
10.5 

 
10.6 

 
10.7§ 

 
10.8§ 

 
10.9§ 

 
10.10§ 

 
10.11§ 

 
10.12§ 

 
10.13§ 

 
10.14.6 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Description 

 
Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2009, by and among 
USF Holding Corp., US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a U.S. Foodservice, Inc.), KKR 2006 Fund, L.P., KKR PEI 
Investments, L.P., KKR Partners III L.P., OPERF Co-Investment LLC, and Kohlberg Kravis 
Roberts & Co. L.P., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on 
Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2009, by and among 
USF Holding Corp., US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a U.S. Foodservice, Inc.), Clayton, Dubilier & Rice Fund VII, 
L.P., Clayton, Dubilier & Rice Fund VII (Co-Investment), L.P., CD&R Parallel Fund VII, L.P., CDR 
USF Co-Investor No. 2, L.P., Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc., Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC and 
Clayton, Dubilier & Rice Holdings, L.P., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 
2012. 
 
Indemnification Priority and Information Sharing Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2010, among the 
funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC, set forth on Annex 1, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice 
Holdings, L.P., Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, Inc. and US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a U.S. Foodservice, Inc.), 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File 
No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
Indemnification Priority and Information Sharing Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2010, among the 
funds managed by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. and US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a U.S. Foodservice 
Inc.), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File 
No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
Form of Sale Participation Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 
Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 
2012. 
 
Form of Subscription Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration 
Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
2007 Stock Incentive Plan of US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a U.S. Foodservice, Inc.), incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US 
Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
Form of Stock Option Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment 
No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed 
March 15, 2013. 
 
Form of 2012 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. 
filed March 15, 2013. 
 
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. 
filed March 15, 2013. 
 
2013 Annual Incentive Plan of US Foods, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. 
filed March 15, 2013. 
 
Amendment No. 5 to the ABL Credit Agreement (Amended and Restated Senior ABL Facility), dated 
as of October 20, 2015, among US Foods, Inc. as the Parent Borrower, the several Lenders from time 
to time party thereto, CitiBank, N.A. as successor Administrative Agent and an Issuing Lender, and 
Citicorp North America, Inc., as resigning Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-185732) of US 
Foods, Inc. filed October 26, 2015. 
 

99 

 

Exhibit No. 
 
10.14.7 

 
10.15.1 

 
10.15.2 

 
10.15.3 

 
10.15.4 

 
10.15.5 

 
10.15.6 

10.16 

 
10.17§ 

 
10.18§ 

 
10.19§ 

 
10.20§ 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Description 

 
Amendment No. 6 to the Amended and Restated Senior ABL Facility, dated as of August 3, 2017, 
among US Foods, Inc. as the Parent Borrower, the several Lenders from time to time party thereto, 
Citicorp North America, Inc. as ABL Collateral Agent, Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent and an 
Issuing Lender, and the other Issuing Lenders party thereto, incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37786) filed with the 
SEC on November 7, 2017. 
 
ABL Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2007, made by US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a 
U.S. Foodservice, Inc.), as the Parent Borrower and the several Subsidiary Borrowers signatory 
thereto, in favor of Citicorp North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent and as ABL Collateral 
Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 
(File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed December 28, 2012. 
 
Credit Agreement (2011 Term Facility), dated May 11, 2011, among US Foods, Inc. (f/k/a/ U.S. 
Foodservice, Inc.), as the Borrower, the several Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citicorp 
North America, Inc., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. 
filed December 28, 2012. 
 
First Amendment, dated as of June 7, 2013, to the 2011 Term Facility, among US Foods, Inc., as the 
Borrower, the other Loan Parties thereto, Citicorp North America, Inc., as administrative agent and 
collateral agent and the Lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.28.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
189142) of US Foods, Inc. filed July 12, 2013. 
 
Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2016, among US Foods, Inc., as the 
Borrower, Citicorp North America, Inc. and the Lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed 
with the SEC on June 28, 2016. 
 
Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2017, among US Foods, Inc., 
Citicorp North America, Inc. and the Lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-
37786) filed with the SEC on February 17, 2017. 
 
Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2017, among US Foods, Inc., 
Citicorp North America, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on December 6, 
2017. 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2011, among U.S. Foods, Inc. (f/k/a/ U.S. 
Foodservice, Inc.), as Borrower and certain of its Subsidiaries in favor of Citicorp North America, Inc., 
as Administrative Agent and as Term Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10.29 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed 
December 28, 2012. 
 
2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of USF Holdings Corp. as amended, incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-185732) of US 
Foods, Inc. filed May 31, 2013. 
 
Form of Stock Option Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 31, 2013. 
 
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 31, 2013. 
 
Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 31, 2013. 
 

100 

 

Description 

 
Offer letter, dated August 15, 2013, by and between Fareed A. Khan and US Foods, Inc., incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 333-185732) of 
US Foods, Inc. filed November 7, 2013. 
 
Severance Agreement, dated September 26, 2013 by and between US Foods, Inc. and Fareed A. Khan, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 333-
185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed March 20, 2014. 
 
Retention Award Agreement, dated February 24, 2014 by and between US Foods, Inc. and Fareed 
Khan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 
No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 12, 2014. 
 
Retention Award Agreement, dated February 24, 2014 by and between US Foods, Inc. and Pietro 
Satriano, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 
No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 12, 2014. 
 
Form of 2015 Retention Award Agreement, dated March 19, 2015 by and between US Foods, Inc. and 
each of Fareed Khan, Pietro Satriano and Keith Rohland, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10.52 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 333-185732) of US Foods, Inc. filed May 11, 
2015. 
 
Offer Letter, dated July 13, 2015, by and between Pietro Satriano and US Foods, Inc., incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 333-185732) of 
US Foods, Inc. filed August 11, 2015. 
 
2016 US Foods Holding Corp. Omnibus Incentive Plan, including forms of award agreements, 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File 
No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016. 
 
Termination Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016, among US Foods Holding Corp., US Foods, Inc. 
and the CD&R entities signatory thereto, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016. 
 
Termination Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016, among US Foods Holding Corp., US Foods, Inc. 
and the KKR entities signatory thereto, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2016. 
 
US Foods Holding Corp. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37786) 
filed with the SEC on November 8, 2016. 
 
Omnibus Amendment to Outstanding Stock Option Agreements, incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 10.55 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37786) filed with the 
SEC on November 8, 2016. 
 
Offer Letter, dated January 26, 2017, by and between US Foods, Inc. and Dirk J. Locascio, 
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 
001-37786) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017. 
 
Form of Performance Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37786) filed with the SEC on August 9, 
2017. 
 
Form of Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated January 3, 2018 by and between US 
Foods, Inc. and each of [Pietro Satriano, Dirk J. Locascio, Kristin M. Coleman, Ty Gent, Steven 
Guberman, Andrew Iacobucci, Jay A. Kvasnicka, David Rickard and Keith D. Rohland], incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-
37786) filed with the SEC on January 8, 2018. 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Exhibit No. 
 
10.21§ 

 
10.22§ 

 
10.23§ 

 
10.24§ 

 
10.25§ 

 
10.26§ 

 
10.27§ 

 
10.28 

 
10.29 

 
10.30§ 

 
10.31§ 

 
10.33§ 

 
10.34§ 

 
10.35§ 

 
21.1* 
 
23.1* 

 
 
  Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
  Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

 

101 

Exhibit No. 
 
 
31.1* 

 
31.2* 

 

32.1† 

 

32.2† 

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
101* 
 
* 
† 
§ 

 

 

Description 

 
 
Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant 
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 

 
 
  Interactive Data file. 

Filed herewith. 
Furnished with this Report. 
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to 
Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 

 

102 

Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

 

 

103 

 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly 
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 

US FOODS HOLDING CORP. 

 
/s/ PIETRO SATRIANO  

(Registrant) 
 
By: 
Name:  Pietro Satriano 
Title:  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:  February 27, 2018 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the 
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 

Title 

  
 
 
  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director    February 27, 2018 
 
 
 
 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
Chief Financial Officer  
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal   
Accounting Officer) 
 

 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 

Date 

  
 
 

 
 

 

Signature 

 

 

/s/ PIETRO SATRIANO 

Pietro Satriano 

/s/ DIRK J. LOCASCIO 

Dirk J. Locascio 

 

s/ COURT D. CARRUTHERS 

Court D. Carruthers 

 

/s/ ROBERT DUTKOWSKY 

Robert Dutkowsky 

 

/s/ JOHN A. LEDERER 

John A. Lederer 

 

/s/ CARL ANDREW PFORZHEIMER 

Carl Andrew Pforzheimer 

 

/s/ DAVID M. TEHLE 

 David M. Tehle 

 

/s/ ANN E. ZIEGLER 

Ann E. Ziegler 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
  Director 
 
 
  Director 
 
 
  Director 
 
 
  Director 
 
 
  Director 
 
 
  Director 
 
 
 
  
  

 
 
 

 
 

 
 

104 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
  February 27, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 

 

STOCKHOLDER INFOR MAT ION

Company Headquarters
US Foods Holding Corp.
9399 West Higgins Road, Suite 500
Rosemont, Illinois  60018

Annual Meeting
The 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 
Riverway Auditorium
6133 North River Road
Rosemont, IL  60018

The meeting will begin at 
9:00 a.m. CDT on May 4, 2018.

Auditors
Deloitte & Touche LLP
111 South Wacker Drive
Chicago, Illinois 60606

Common Stock Listing
The company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the 
trading symbol USFD.

Transfer Agent and Registrar
Instructions and inquiries regarding transfers, certificates,  
changes of title or address, consolidation of accounts and  
elimination of multiple mailings should be directed to:
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, New York 11219
(800) 937-5449

Investor Inquiries
(847) 720-2815  
ir@usfoods.com
US Foods’ Annual Report to Stockholders, Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, proxy statement and 
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as news releases, 
can be accessed free of charge on the company’s website at https://ir.usfoods.com, 
or by visiting the EDGAR company search tool on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
Requests for other company-related information should be made to the Corporate 
Secretary at the company’s headquarters. 

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM

Pietro Satriano 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Andrew Iacobucci 
Chief Merchandising Officer

Dirk Locascio 
Chief Financial Officer

Kristin Coleman 
Executive Vice President,  
General Counsel  
and Chief Compliance Officer

Ty Gent 
Chief Supply Chain Officer

Steve Guberman 
Executive Vice President,  
Nationally Managed Business

Jay Kvasnicka 
Executive Vice President,  
Locally Managed Sales  
and Field Operations

David Rickard 
Executive Vice President,  
Strategy and Revenue Management

Keith Rohland 
Chief Information Officer

David Works  
Executive Vice President  
and Chief Human Resources Officer

US FOODS WAY.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Pietro Satriano 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
US Foods Holding Corp. 

Robert M. Dutkowsky 
Lead Independent Director  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Tech Data Corporation 

Court D. Carruthers 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
TricorBraun, Inc.

Sunil Gupta 
Edward W. Carter Professor of Business Administration 
Harvard Business School

John A. Lederer 
Executive Chairman  
Staples, Inc.

Carl Andrew “Andy” Pforzheimer 
Co-founder 
Barcelona Restaurants

David M. Tehle 
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Dollar General Corporation

Ann E. Ziegler 
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
CDW Corporation

US Foods Annual Report - 8.25x10.75 - 022718-mockup_V2.indd   7

0 7

3/6/18   6:51 AM

9399 West Higgins Road, Suite 500

Rosemont, Illinois 60018

usfoods.com

