 

To Our Stockholders, 

January 25, 2019 

This past year was a pivotal one for Viacom, marked by the turnaround and evolution of our business.  We 
made significant progress in each of our strategic priorities: increasing share and margins across our TV 
and film brands; accelerating our presence on next-generation platforms; and diversifying into adjacent 
businesses.  At the same time, we took important steps to evolve Viacom for the future by investing in key 
growth initiatives, including global studio production and distribution, advanced advertising and marketing 
solutions and greater expansion into short-form digital, experiential and live events. 

Thanks to this momentum, we not only fulfilled our promise to deliver topline growth in the second half of 
fiscal 2018, but we also grew full-year consolidated operating income for the first time since fiscal 2014.  
Viacom is fundamentally stronger than it was since we began our turnaround two years ago, but financial 
milestones like these tell only part of the story. 

Operationally,  we  made  dramatic  improvement  across  our  domestic  flagship  channels  and  achieved 
another banner year at Viacom International Media Networks.  We revitalized our distribution business, re-
positioned  domestic  advertising  sales  for  future  growth  and  strengthened  Paramount’s  bottom  line.  
Importantly, we accomplished these objectives in the year while simultaneously delivering more than $100 
million in cost savings and over $1 billion in debt reduction – the results of our transformation into a more 
agile and resilient organization. 

Fueling this evolution is our intensified focus on great content that drives conversation and culture around 
the world.  Viacom is now on its way to becoming a leading global supplier of multiplatform entertainment 
for both our own portfolio of iconic brands, and, increasingly, for others.  We are doing this by continually 
improving  our  content  engines  with  stronger  leadership,  programming  and  talent,  as  well  as  better 
leveraging our libraries of intellectual property, creative assets and capabilities to broaden how and where 
we deploy our IP. 

In the U.S., our media networks continue to maintain the top linear share of viewing among all the key 
audiences we serve.  In fact, Viacom grew year-over-year audience share across its portfolio of domestic 
flagship brands in every quarter of fiscal 2018, with MTV leading the way as the fastest-growing network 
across all TV in primetime among the key Adults 18-34 demo.  This strength extends internationally too.  
Anchored by our global pay brands and broadcast cornerstones including Channel 5 in the U.K. and Telefe 
– Argentina’s highest-rated network for 12 straight months and counting – VIMN delivered record revenue 
and profitability in the year while launching new channels in Europe and Asia.   

2018 also saw the exciting re-emergence of Paramount.  With strong growth both at the box office and in 
television production, the studio improved full-year adjusted operating income by $241 million and is now 
set up for a profitable 2019.  Theatrical highlights include the release of Mission: Impossible – Fallout, which 
grossed nearly $800 million globally on its way to becoming the most successful film of the franchise, as 
well as the phenomenal success of A Quiet Place, now the second highest-grossing horror film in the U.S. 
over the past decade.  And, in just a few short years, Paramount TV has become a significant driver of 
growth, boosting revenue 127% to $400 million in fiscal 2018 off a robust slate of hit shows, such as 13 
Reasons Why for Netflix, The Alienist for TNT and Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan for Amazon – all three of which 
were renewed. 

Paramount TV is a key piece of our global studio production business that is expected to generate a billion 
dollars in revenue by 2020.  This initiative leverages Viacom’s creative capabilities and vast libraries of 
world-class IP to feed the insatiable demand for content and enlarge the global footprint of our flagship 
brands.  We have already built a solid foundation beyond Paramount from which to grow, launching Viacom 
International Studios (VIS), MTV Studios and Nickelodeon’s studio business in 2018.  Through the large 

number of deals completed by VIS, Viacom is quickly transforming into one of the top producers of original 
Spanish language programming in the world.  Additionally, MTV sold three regional versions of The Real 
World to Facebook Watch to reimagine the seminal series for digital audiences, while Nickelodeon has 
already partnered with Netflix on two major projects.   

Our July acquisition of Awesomeness – a leading brand of original programming for Gen Z – immediately 
augments Viacom’s global studio business with an award-winning television and film studio of its own.  Most 
recently, Awesomeness produced romantic comedy To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before – one of the most-
watched  Netflix  original  films  ever  –  the  sequel  to  which  is  in  the  works.    Moreover,  the  brand  brings 
impressive expertise and reach in digital  content that will  enhance the  work of Viacom Digital  Studios, 
which, in its infancy, continues to make significant gains in video consumption and deepen our presence in 
the space.  Viacom finished 2018 as the fastest-growing TV media portfolio in social video views, and we 
broke into the top 10 in this category among all media and entertainment companies – up from number 24 
a year ago.  

Likewise, Viacom brands have broadened their expression off-screen, connecting with fans through live 
events,  consumer  products  and  other  experiences.    More  than  3.8  million  people  globally  attended  a 
Viacom event in fiscal 2018 – a 48% increase from the previous year.  Our purchase of Vidcon, the world’s 
largest  conference  celebrating  online  video,  has  supplemented  this  growing  area  of  business  for  the 
company, as have expanded offerings from each of our flagship brands.  These include the triumphant 
returns  of  Comedy  Central’s  Clusterfest  and  the  BET  Experience,  the  U.S.  premiere  of  Nickelodeon 
SlimeFest, successful stage runs of Paw Patrol Live! and Mean Girls on Broadway, as well as the annual 
Isle of MTV music festival in Malta, the new Wild ‘N Out live tour, and, most recently, MTV’s acquisition of 
the  SnowGlobe  Music  Festival.    We’re  also  very  excited  about  the  partnership  Bellator  formed  with 
streaming service DAZN that will bring more live bouts to global audiences in 2019, doubling the league’s 
revenue and making it profitable. 

Across TV and film, digital and experiential, we are dramatically increasing where and how our IP comes 
to life, which, in turn, strengthens our ability to monetize this content.  Viacom’s ad solutions business is 
making progress in enhancing the monetization of Viacom content and experiences, putting us on a path 
to domestic advertising growth.  We are taking advantage of tight supply and the revitalization of our media 
networks to drive price, and, having secured our strongest Upfront pricing in five years, we are heading into 
2019 in a much stronger position than a year ago.  We’re also creating and capitalizing on new forms of 
inventory  by  introducing  new,  innovative  products  to  the  marketplace  that  provide  even  greater 
opportunities  to  our  partners.    These  offerings  across  digital,  branded  content,  influencer  and  shopper 
marketing, experiential and more form our growing Advanced Marketing Solutions (AMS) portfolio – another 
initiative  that  was  only  formed  within  the  past  year,  but  is  already  making  a  huge  impact.    AMS  also 
leverages Viacom’s leading ad targeting capabilities – powered by our data-driven Vantage platform – to 
drive greater value for advertisers and a better viewing experience for consumers. 

In fiscal 2018, AMS increased revenue 25% year-over-year to over $340 million – growth that will only 
quicken as we continue to benefit from the branded content offerings of Awesomeness and the capabilities 
of influencer marketing company WHOSAY, which Viacom acquired at the outset of 2018.  And like our 
studio production business, AMS will be a big area of focus this year as we continue to scale the potential 
of this business. 

In our distribution business, we capped off the year by returning domestic affiliate revenue to growth in the 
fourth quarter, a testament to the success of our re-envisioned approach to partnership that has led Viacom 
to consistently close important renewals.  Beyond securing carriage of our pay-TV networks and associated 
on-demand product, we strategically expanded our relationships with key distributors to capitalize on our 
advanced advertising and content capabilities – a unique combination that is creating value that we are just 
starting to capture. 

With our core business stabilized, we continue to accelerate our participation on next-generation platforms, 
including the virtual MVPD ecosystem, where Viacom is already strongly represented through its carriage 
on DirecTVNow and Sling, along with AT&T’s Watch mobile-focused product.  Moreover, we are delivering 

 

2 

new  direct-to-consumer  subscription  models  to  audiences  through  third-party  platforms,  launching 
Nickelodeon’s  pre-school  offering  Noggin  and  the  newly  rebranded  Comedy  Central  Now  product  as 
Amazon Prime Video Channels in the year.  And this is just the beginning, as we look to exploit even greater 
opportunities to package attractive offerings that play to our strengths in unscripted, Spanish language and 
African American programming.  Viacom also continues to rapidly increase its base of international mobile 
subscribers,  which  nearly  tripled  to  just  under  five  million  in  2018.    In  addition  to  signing  distribution 
agreements with mobile operators across 29 different countries, we completed a sale transaction in Indian 
joint venture Viacom18 to leverage our partner’s mobile broadband Jio platform and usher in a new wave 
of growth across the region. 

By virtually every measure, Viacom is in a stronger position to continue its evolution.  We have revitalized 
our core businesses and our growth initiatives are already gaining traction.  Our progress over the past 
year gives us full confidence in our ability to return Viacom to topline growth and improved profitability.  And 
driving this momentum is an organization re-tooled to embrace change, led by employees that are united 
behind the same mission, vision and values, and who are more equipped, engaged and inspired than ever 
to move us forward.  

Of course, none of this would be possible without your support in everything that we do to transform Viacom 
for the future.  Thank you for your continued commitment to our success. 

 

 

Thomas J. May  
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
 

 

Shari Redstone 
Non-Executive Vice Chair of the Board 
 

 

 
Robert M. Bakish 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 

This letter should be read in conjunction with Viacom’s 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the 
risk factors discussed therein. 

 

3 

