Washington(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:30)Oregon(cid:30)(cid:29)(cid:28)Idaho(cid:27)(cid:26)Montana(cid:29)(cid:29)Colorado(cid:31)(cid:30)(cid:25)North Dakota(cid:24)(cid:28)South Dakota(cid:25)(cid:29)Nebraska(cid:29)(cid:27)California(cid:30)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:23)Nevada(cid:30)(cid:31)(cid:31)Utah(cid:30)(cid:24)(cid:29)Wyoming(cid:24)(cid:28)Arizona(cid:24)(cid:23)(cid:24)New Mexico(cid:30)(cid:23)(cid:24)Kansas(cid:24)(cid:28)Oklahoma(cid:31)(cid:23)Texas(cid:26)(cid:30)(cid:27)Minnesota(cid:31)(cid:30)(cid:25)Iowa(cid:30)(cid:23)(cid:30)Wisconsin(cid:27)(cid:28)Michigan(cid:25)(cid:26)Missouri(cid:28)(cid:23)Illinois(cid:30)(cid:30)(cid:29)Indiana(cid:22)(cid:23)Ohio(cid:22)(cid:26)Kentucky(cid:30)(cid:24)Tennessee(cid:29)(cid:24)Arkansas(cid:31)(cid:29)Louisiana(cid:31)(cid:24)Mississippi(cid:31)(cid:26)Alabama(cid:30)(cid:29)(cid:27)Georgia(cid:24)(cid:24)(cid:25)Florida(cid:22)(cid:25)(cid:28)South Carolina(cid:30)(cid:22)(cid:26)North Carolina(cid:24)(cid:27)(cid:26)Virginia(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:29)W. Virginia(cid:30)(cid:23) Pennsylvania(cid:24)(cid:29)(cid:27)New York(cid:30)(cid:27)(cid:26)Maine(cid:29)N.H.(cid:30)(cid:23)Vt.(cid:25)New Jersey(cid:24)(cid:25)(cid:26)Massachusetts(cid:28)(cid:23)Rhode Island(cid:26)Connecticut(cid:27)(cid:22)D.C.(cid:28)(cid:30)Maryland(cid:30)(cid:24)(cid:31)Hawaii(cid:30)(cid:23)Alaska(cid:25)(cid:31)Delaware(cid:31)(cid:25)Number of domestic locations by stateContents 

2 |  Letter from Chair of the Board 
6 |  Letter from Chief Executive Officer and President
 
 

 18 |  Rebuilding Trust 

 

18 |  Finding a forever home 

 

 

20 |  Making your phone a ‘control tower’ 

 

 

22 |  School expansion is an ‘odyssey’ 

 

 

 
24 | 

 

It starts just by listening 

26 |  Growth at the grocery — and beyond 

 

 

 
28 | 

 
Investments are a mother’s gift 

30 |  Small business, big impact 

 

 

32 |  Planting seeds for the next generation

 

 

 34 |  Operating Committee and Other Corporate Officers 

 

35 |  Board of Directors 

 

36 |  2017 Corporate Social Responsibility Performance Highlights 

 

37 |  2017 Financial Report 

- Financial review 
- Controls and procedures 
- Financial statements 
- Report of independent registered 
 
public accounting firm 

279 |  Stock Performance 

 

1 

Cover: In Florida, customer Alexandra Wilkinson, right, has a conversation 
about her finances with Personal Banker Nicole Allegretto. Learn more on 
page 24. 

2017 Annual Report2 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Elizabeth A. Duke 
Chair, Board of Directors 
Wells Fargo & Company 
 

        Dear fellow   shareholders, 

 

 

 

 

      am honored to serve as chair of 
the board of directors of Wells Fargo, 
a company with a long history of success 
and a unique opportunity to learn from 
 
its challenges and become better, 
 
stronger, and more customer-
focused than ever before. 
   
For that to happen, we must embrace change. 
Our CEO, Tim Sloan, has been relentless 
  
in making the kinds of changes that are required 
for us to achieve our six shared goals — namely, 
for Wells Fargo to be the financial services leader 
in customer service and advice, team member 
engagement, innovation, risk management, 
 
corporate citizenship, and shareholder value. 
 
Tim writes in his CEO letter (page 6) about 
 
 
the transformation he is leading, and I would 
like to highlight some of the actions the board 
of directors has taken to enhance our governance 
and oversight of Wells Fargo. Many of these actions 
will help us satisfy the requirements of the consent 
order that the company entered into with the 
  
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
  
System on Feb. 2, 2018. 
The board recognizes that we must continue 
 
to strengthen and enhance our oversight 
 
and risk management practices. Our board 
 
is committed to meeting the expectations 
of our regulators and protecting and serving 
 
the interests of our shareholders, customers, 
 
 
team members, and communities. To support 
these efforts, in recent months we have made 
significant changes to board composition, 
 
reconstituted several board committees, 
  
amended committee charters, and worked with 
 
Wells Fargo senior management to improve the 
reporting and analysis provided to the board. 
  
These actions were informed by rigorous self-
examination. The board’s independent directors 
engaged in a comprehensive, independent 
 
investigation of Wells Fargo’s retail banking 
  
sales practices and drew important conclusions. 
 
 
In addition, the board conducted a thoughtful and 
deliberate self-evaluation of its own effectiveness, 
facilitated by Mary Jo White, a senior partner 
  
at Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and former chair 
 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 

 

 

Many of the changes we made also reflected 
 
the feedback we received as part of the 
 
company’s long-standing investor engagement 
program. Following my election as board 
  
 
chair, I met with many of our shareholders 
to discuss our progress and listen to their 
feedback. To help provide insights from 
  
a stakeholder perspective, including insights 
 
on current and emerging issues relevant 
  
to the company, we formed a Stakeholder 
 
Advisory Council. It includes seven members, 
 
all external, representing groups focused 
  
on consumer banking, fair lending, the 
 
environment, human rights, civil rights, 
  
and governance. Tim and I began meeting 
 
with this group in December 2017. The council's 
feedback has proven valuable in informing 
  
how we can be responsive to our stakeholders 
and assess our progress, and I look forward 
 
to continuing our engagement in the future. 
Board composition and capabilities 
 
At our 2017 annual meeting, Wells Fargo 
shareholders sent the entire board a clear 
message. The board heard that message and, 
 
as part of our response, we took a number of 
actions to refresh the board, including electing 
four new independent directors and announcing 
the retirement of three long-serving directors 
who retired at the end of 2017. In total, 
  
we elected six new independent directors — 
Celeste Clark, Theodore Craver, Maria Morris, 
Karen Peetz, Juan Pujadas, and Ronald Sargent  
— and five retired in 2017. As we announced in 
February 2018, and in furtherance of our board 
succession planning process, three additional 
directors are expected to retire by the date of 
our 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and 
a fourth by the end of 2018. We are taking great 
care, as part of our board refreshment process, 
  
to appropriately balance new perspectives 
  
with the experience of existing directors while 
 
undergoing an orderly transition of roles and 
  
responsibilities on the board and its committees. 

 

3

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

I4 

 

 

 

Our new directors bring a broad range 
  
of capabilities, including expertise in financial 
services, risk management, technology, human 
capital management, finance and accounting, 
corporate responsibility, and regulatory matters. 
Throughout the transition, the board has also 
 
maintained its focus on diversity, and I am proud 
that of our six new directors elected in 2017, 
four are women or people of color. 
Risk oversight 
 
Understanding that effective risk 
  
management protects and benefits all 
stakeholders, the board has made several 
important changes so that risks are properly 
identified, evaluated, and escalated. These 
fall into two main categories: changes in 
 
board committee composition and oversight 
responsibilities, and enhancements to 
management reporting. 
Committee composition 

 
and oversight responsibilities
 
 
We reconstituted our Risk Committee 
 
to add new perspectives and expertise. 
Karen Peetz, retired president of The Bank 

 

 

 

information security, and financial crimes 
  
risk programs under the Risk Committee and 
(2) maintain oversight of financial reporting, 
the company’s independent auditor, and other 
audit-related activities under the Audit and 
Examination Committee. We also expanded 
the Human Resources Committee’s oversight 
responsibilities to include human capital 
management, ethics, and culture.   
Reporting practices and oversight 
 
Applying key learnings from our investigation 
into sales practices, we have made significant 
changes to the way management escalates 
 
risk issues and reports them to the board. 
The company has focused on examining 
business practices across the company 
  
by using third-party experts to conduct 
 
independent reviews of business and 
  
risk practices. In addition, where we identify 
an issue, management is conducting a root 
 
cause analysis, holding individuals accountable 
when appropriate, changing processes (and in 

 

 

We have made significant changes

  
to the way management escalates risk 

issues and reports them to the board. 


 

of New York Mellon, was appointed 
  
chair of the Risk Committee; Juan Pujadas, 
a retired principal of PwC, joined the committee 
in 2017; and Maria Morris, a retired MetLife 
 
executive, joined early in 2018. Wells Fargo 
 
is classified as a Systemically Important 
Financial Institution (SIFI), and all three join 
me in bringing experience with the regulatory 
expectations, especially in risk management, 
 
of SIFIs. Suzanne Vautrinot, a retired major 
general in the U.S. Air Force responsible for 
 
its cyber command and network operations, 
 
also joined the Risk Committee, providing 
  
 
it with additional cyber expertise.  
The charters of the Risk Committee and the 
Audit and Examination Committee were 
 
amended to (1) consolidate oversight of the 
company’s compliance, operational, technology, 

 

 

some cases, changing business models), 
and most important, assessing and 
  
remediating customer harm. The board 
 
has set clear expectations that, as issues 
are identified, they will be reported 
  
promptly to the board and our regulators. 
At the same time, we enhanced our oversight 
of conduct risk, including sales practice risk, 
through the company’s Conduct Management 
Office. Created to consolidate internal 
 
investigations, EthicsLine and ethics oversight, 
complaints oversight, and sales practice 
 
oversight, the Conduct Management Office 
reports regularly to the Risk Committee 
  
on its activities and to the Human Resources 
Committee on matters related to team members. 
In addition, the full board receives updates 
at least twice a year from this office. 

 

2017 Annual Report 

 

 

In appreciation 
At the end of 2017, three long-serving 
  
directors — Stephen Sanger, Cynthia Milligan, 
and Susan Swenson — retired from the board. 
On behalf of the entire board of directors, 
  
 
I want to thank Steve for his tireless work 
as chairman. With a steady determination, 
he led us to the necessary changes I have 
outlined here. I would also like to recognize 
Cynthia and Sue for their many contributions 
and service to the board and company. 
  
Cynthia and Sue retired with a combined 
44 years on the board, a tribute to Wells Fargo’s 
long-standing commitment to gender diversity 
on the board and an inspiration to leaders of 
the future. 
And to you, our shareholders, thank you for 
your continued investment in our company. 
We recognize the commitment that you, 
  
as investors in Wells Fargo, have made in the 
company. We are confident that the optimistic 
leadership provided by our CEO, combined 
with the operational and cultural changes 
  
we have made and are making at the company 
and on the board, will mark 2018 as a positive 
inflection point on our quest to rebuild trust 
and become a better company. We greatly 
value and appreciate your investment. 
Sincerely, 

 

Elizabeth A. Duke 
 
Chair, Board of Directors 
 
Wells Fargo & Company 
 
February 15, 2018 
 

5 

 

 

 

To fulfill its broader charter responsibilities, 
 
the Human Resources Committee receives 
 
reports on matters involving team members, 
including reports related to leadership planning, 
training and development, compensation and 
benefits, culture, ethics, and the company’s code 
of ethics and business conduct. The committee 
 
continues to oversee the company’s incentive 
compensation risk management program, and its 
scope was expanded in 2017 to include a broader 
population of team members and incentive plans. 
We will continue to make changes in 2018 
 
to further enhance the board’s effectiveness 
 
in carrying out its oversight and governance 
of the company, consistent with the Federal 
Reserve consent order. 
Financial performance 
 
Even as we reorganize for better risk 
  
oversight, we remain focused on the financial 
performance of the company. I would characterize 
the company’s financial performance in 2017 
as solid. We ordinarily would have expected 
to see more earnings growth; however, taking 
into consideration the reputation challenges 
 
and significant legal and regulatory expenses 
 
resulting from sales practices and other matters, 
we consider it positive that we maintained 
 
profitability and a return on equity that ranks 
 
near the top of our peer group. Nevertheless, 
 
we all know that we can do better. 
Much of the work underway to improve 
risk management and controls will benefit 
 
the customer experience and should lead 
  
to a reduction in overall operating expenses 
going forward. We also expect that investments 
in innovation will pay off in revenue growth and 
expense reduction. Finally, a disciplined process 
is underway to consolidate functions across the 
enterprise and simplify procedures and systems, 
resulting in significant cost savings and improved 
effectiveness. 
Our capital levels remained strong, and we 
 
were able to return $14.5 billion to shareholders 
through common stock dividends and net share 
repurchases in 2017, up 16 percent from 2016. 
We continue to believe that our diversified 
business model, nationwide franchise, and 
 
investment in innovation — along with our 
 
commitment to the six goals I mentioned earlier 
— will create long-term value for our investors. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2017 Annual Report6 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Timothy J. Sloan 
Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
Wells Fargo & Company 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

his was a year of transformation at Wells Fargo. We achieved 

 

      
a great deal in 2017 and look forward to building on our momentum 

in the months ahead. 

Our top priority remains rebuilding the trust of our customers, team members, 
communities, regulators, and shareholders. We have made foundational changes 
 
to identify and fix problems so they do not happen again and achieved significant 
progress in our commitment to make things right for our customers and build 
a better bank. Our transformation is grounded in our vision of satisfying our 
customers’ financial needs and helping them succeed financially. While we have 
 
more work to do, I assure you that the Operating Committee and I are fully 
 
committed to building on our accomplishments. In addition, we take very 
 
seriously the consent order we entered into with the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System in February 2018, and we will work diligently, 
  
yet swiftly, to meet the requirements. 
In response to feedback from our team, we introduced a streamlined Vision, 
Values & Goals of Wells Fargo in late 2017 — replacing what previously 
  
was a 37-page expression of our culture. Today the wallet-sized booklet focuses 
exclusively on our guiding principles and goals, clearly expressing the beliefs 
 
that guide every team member as we work together to build the best Wells Fargo 
possible: 

 

 

 

 

 

 
• Our consistent vision of helping customers succeed financially. 
 
 
• Our five values, which articulate what’s most important to us: what’s right 

  
for customers, people as a competitive advantage, ethics, diversity and
 
inclusion, and leadership. 

• Our six goals: becoming the financial services leader in customer service 

 
 
and advice, team member engagement, innovation, risk management,
 
  
corporate citizenship, and shareholder value.
 

Our Operating Committee is committed to ensuring that our Vision, Values 
 
& Goals are embedded in everything we do and in every decision we make, 
  
and more than 260,000 team members bring it all to life. 
In 2017 we added two new senior leaders to our Operating Committee. In March, 
Allen Parker joined Wells Fargo as general counsel, after Jim Strother announced 
his retirement. Allen has a distinguished career as one of the country’s leading 
 
practitioners of banking and finance law as a partner, and subsequently managing 
partner, at Cravath, Swaine and Moore LLP. We have benefited immensely from his 
 

 

7 

2017 Annual ReportTo our    owners,T8 

 

 

experience and advice. In July, Jon Weiss 
became head of Wealth and Investment 
 
  
Management when David Carroll retired. 
Jon had been head of Wells Fargo Securities, 
and his significant and diverse expertise 
  
in financial services — spanning capital markets, 
 
advisory, and investment banking — will ensure 
we continue to deliver market-leading 
 
investment advice and services to our clients. 
Another change we have made is to 
  
 
consolidate leadership of the Community 
Bank and Consumer Lending under Mary 
 
Mack. This change will support our consumer 
 
strategy — our approach that seeks to deliver 
an outstanding customer experience by 
 
recognizing the distinct needs of each customer 
segment and that extends across business lines 
and products. In January 2018, Chief Risk Officer 
Mike Loughlin announced his intention to retire 
after 36 years with the company. Mike is staying 
on to assist with the transition to his yet-to-be­
named successor. I wish to thank Jim, David, 
and Mike for their leadership and tremendous 
contributions to Wells Fargo over many years. 
I am grateful to the board of directors for their 
support and for the strong leadership of Stephen 
Sanger and Betsy Duke during the past year. 
With their experience and active involvement, 
Steve and Betsy have been indispensable as 
 
we worked to rebuild trust and grow stronger. 
As Betsy outlines in her letter (page 2), the 
board has undergone a significant evolution, 
including adding new members, making 
  
changes to the leadership and composition 
of the board’s committees, and strengthening 
oversight and reporting. 
Our actions 
 
The first step toward building a better 
Wells Fargo was to take actions to address 
our challenges. We have acted to fix what 
 
 
was wrong, make things right, and ensure 
that such problems do not happen again. 
On Feb. 2, 2018, we entered into a consent 
order with the Board of Governors of 
 
the Federal Reserve related to the board’s 
governance oversight and the company’s 
compliance and operational risk. Under 
  
the terms of the consent order, the company 
will submit plans to the Federal Reserve 
  
within 60 days that detail our completed 
 
and planned actions to further enhance 
 
the board’s governance oversight and the 
company’s compliance and operational risk 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

management program. After Federal Reserve 
approval, the company will engage independent 
third parties to conduct a review to be completed 
no later than Sept. 30, 2018. 
Until the third-party review is completed 
to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve, 
  
we are required to hold our total consolidated 
assets at Dec. 31, 2017, levels. Fortunately, 
  
 
our balance sheet provides us with flexibility 
to manage within the asset cap and continue 
 
to serve customers. 
The consent order is not related to any new 
matters but instead to prior issues in which 
  
we have already made significant progress. 
  
The Federal Reserve acknowledged our progress, 
and we agree that there is more work to do. As we 
do with all regulatory matters, we take the consent 
order very seriously, and we are confident in our 
ability to meet the requirements while continuing 
to serve customers’ financial needs. 
Some of the broader changes we have 
made across our company following our 
sales practices settlement in September 2016 
include eliminating product sales goals for 
retail bankers who serve customers in branches 
 
and call centers; implementing a new incentive 
compensation program focused on customer 
experience, stronger oversight and controls, 
 
and team versus individual rewards within the 
retail bank; centralizing key enterprise staff 
functions like Human Resources and Finance; 
and strengthening our risk and compliance 
controls as we further our cohesive approach 
to managing risk companywide. We also 
 
 
established a Conduct Management Office 
to centralize the way we oversee ethics at 
  
Wells Fargo (including our internal EthicsLine) 
as well as how we handle internal investigations, 
complaints, and sales practices oversight. 
We simplified and streamlined the Community 
Bank’s leadership structure so we can continue 
to put our focus and resources on what matters: 
the unique needs of customers, the branch team 
member experience, and our business priorities. 
This new structure is more efficient, improves 
risk management, and brings Community Bank 
leaders closer to customers and front-line 
team members. 
Other changes in our Community Bank include 
an automatic notification to any customer who 
 
opens a new personal or small business checking 

 

 

 

2017 Annual Report 

 

account, savings account, or credit card. We have 
also implemented a robust “mystery shopper” 
 
  
program encompassing 15,000–18,000 visits 
a year, and our independent internal Community 
Banking Risk Management team completed 
  
450 unannounced conduct risk reviews during 
2017 to evaluate retail branch sales and service 
activities to ensure customers received only the 
products and services they requested. 
We are committed to making things right 
  
for any customer who was financially harmed 
 
by unacceptable sales practices — regardless 
 
of when they occurred. We reimbursed 
  
customers who incurred fees or financial 
  
harm from potentially unauthorized accounts 
 
identified through an extensive third-party 

 
for mortgage interest rate lock extensions 
requested between Sept. 16, 2013, and Feb. 28, 
2017, and to refund, with interest, customers 
who believe they shouldn’t have paid those 
 
fees. We also changed how we manage the 
mortgage interest rate lock extension process 
  
by establishing a centralized review team 
in March 2017. 
  
I am pleased and optimistic about the 
actions we took in 2017 and am confident we 
  
will be able to resolve the matters included 
 
in the Federal Reserve consent order while 
we continue to serve customers, support team 
  
members, and help our local communities. 

 

I can say without reservation that
  
Wells Fargo today is a better company 
than it was a year ago, and I am confident 
we will be even better a year from now. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

account review. We’ve conducted broad outreach 
and worked directly with customers to resolve 
issues through our complaints process and 
  
free mediation services. And we are in the 
  
final stages of completing the actions required 
by a $142 million class-action settlement to make 
things right for customers impacted by improper 
sales practices. 
As part of our transformation, we committed 
 
to a thorough review of the products we offer 
  
and the internal procedures we use to get things 
done. When we uncover anything that may 
  
be questionable, we address it. For example, 
 
we made fundamental changes to our auto 
 
lending business and have begun to remediate 
customers who may have been financially 
 
harmed by issues related to Collateral 
  
Protection Insurance policies. These were 
policies purchased through a third-party 
  
 
vendor on their behalf where the bank was 
unable to determine whether the customer 
 
maintained insurance covering physical damage 
to the vehicles that secured their loans. 
 
Additionally, we are working to reach out 
  
to all home lending customers who paid fees 

 

 

 

 

 
We still have work to do. We have put the 
  
right leaders in the right roles to drive 
  
that work, and together we are focused 
 
on rebuilding the trust of our stakeholders 
and becoming a stronger company. 
  
I can say without reservation that 
  
Wells Fargo today is a better company 
than it was a year ago, and I am confident 
we will be even better a year from now. 
 
Financial report 
Our financial results in 2017 reflected the 
strength of our diversified business model 
 
as well as the strides we are making in 
 
transforming our company. Once again, 
 
we delivered solid financial performance 
 
for shareholders. Wells Fargo generated 
  
$22.2 billion in net income, or $4.10 
 
of diluted earnings per common share, 
  
in 2017, an increase of 1 percent and 
  
3 percent, respectively, from 2016. 
 
Revenue grew modestly from $88.3 billion 
in 2016 to $88.4 billion in 2017, as 4 percent 
  
growth in net interest income was 
 
predominately offset by a decrease 
in noninterest income. 

9 

2017 Annual Report10 

 

 

 

 

Our performance benefited from a healthy 
economy and our disciplined credit risk 
  
management. Credit quality remained 
strong, and our loan portfolio continued 
 
to be the largest of all U.S. banks, with 
 
$956.8 billion in outstanding loans. 
  
Net charge-offs of 0.31 percent of average 
loans remained at historic lows. Average 
deposits grew by 4 percent to a record 
$1.3 trillion. 
Client assets in Wealth and Investment 
Management reached a record $1.9 trillion. 
Debit card purchase volume increased 
  
6 percent over 2016, and balances in our 
consumer general purpose credit card 
  
portfolio grew 6 percent. We also set a record 
for new financings in Wells Fargo Capital 
 
Finance in 2017, illustrating the benefit of 
the GE Capital acquisition and our effective 
collaboration across our Wholesale Banking 
businesses. 
We continue to enjoy strong liquidity and 
 
capital levels. We ended 2017 with total equity 
 
of $208.1 billion, Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
of $154.0 billion, and a Common Equity Tier 1 
capital ratio (fully phased-in) of 11.98 percent1,  
which is well above our regulatory minimum of 
9 percent and our internal target of 10 percent. 
As we transform into a better, stronger 
 
Wells Fargo, we are pursuing a $4 billion 
expense-reduction target by driving cost 
savings and developing more effective 
 
processes. This work, led by Chief Financial 
Officer John Shrewsberry, affects nearly every 
area of the company. We expect to achieve 
 
these savings through a range of initiatives, 
including centralization and optimization 
of similar work in staff and business groups, 
rigorous control of professional services 
  
and third-party expenses, consolidation of 
 
corporate properties, and a reduction in travel. 
The first $2 billion target by the end of 2018 
is being reinvested into our business to fund 
improvements in a range of programs, including 
those that are transforming and modernizing 
compliance, technology, risk management, 
cybersecurity, and data; the second $2 billion 
 
target by the end of 2019 is expected to drop 
to our bottom line. 
Data modernization is a significant element in 
driving efficiency at Wells Fargo. It encompasses 

 

 

 

 

 

 

reducing the number of internal platforms 
and databases we manage, consolidating single-
customer data from multiple businesses into 
one place, and improving fraud detection based 
on aggregated information. In addition to 
 
making us more streamlined and effective, 
data modernization also can increase the speed 
with which we bring innovative new products 
 
and services to market. In the end, we believe that 
using data and technology to help our customers 
better manage their finances will enable us 
to grow and build more long-term relationships. 
Our transformation 
 
To focus our transformation efforts, we have 
established the six long-term goals mentioned 
earlier that our entire company can rally around. 
We believe these can make Wells Fargo over time 
not just a leader but the financial services leader 
in customer service and advice, team member 
engagement, innovation, risk management, 
corporate citizenship, and shareholder value. 
We have good news to report in each 
of these areas. 
Customer service and advice 
 
Whether we are working with an individual, 
a family, a small business, a growing company, 
a public institution, or a global firm, we want 
 
 
to know and understand our customers and 
their financial goals. Then, to help them 
be financially successful, we want to provide 
best-in-class service and guidance that will 
 
help them reach their goals. 
Our diversified business model enables 
us to advise and serve our customers at every 
step of their financial lives. Take Pam and Larry 
Hall of St. Paul, Minnesota, who three decades 
ago started a company called Logistics Planning 
Services (LPS), which facilitates the shipping 
 
of goods between different points. Pam was 
a checking account customer, and she turned 
to our Business Banking Group, which took care 
 
of LPS as it grew. Over the years, the Halls turned 
 
to Wells Fargo for advice, financing, and 
services that helped their business succeed. 
The Halls decided to sell their business last 
spring, and now they have transitioned from 
being Business Banking customers to working 
with Wealth Management as they move to 
the next phase of their lives. The Halls’ story 
illustrates how we are at our best when we work 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 For more information on our regulatory capital and related ratios, please see the “Financial Review — Capital Management” section in this Report. 

2017 Annual ReportOur Performance 

$ in millions, except per share amounts 

2017 

 
2016 

% CHANGE 

 

Wells Fargo net income to average assets (ROA) 
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average 
 

FOR THE YEAR 
Wells Fargo net income 
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock 
Diluted earnings per common share 
Profitability ratios: 
 
 
 
Wells Fargo common stockholders’ equity (ROE) 
       Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE)1 
Efficiency ratio2 
Total revenue 
Pre-tax pre-provision profit3 
Dividends declared per common share 
Average common shares outstanding 
Diluted average common shares outstanding 
Average loans 
Average assets 
Average total deposits 
Average consumer and small business banking deposits4 
Net interest margin 

AT YEAR-END 
Investment securities 
 
Loans 
Allowance for loan losses 
Goodwill 
Assets 
Deposits 
Common stockholders’ equity 
Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity 
Total equity 
Tangible common equity1 
Capital ratios5: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common shares outstanding 
Book value per common share7 
Tangible book value per common share1,7 
Team members (active, full-time equivalent) 

Total equity to assets 
Risk-based capital6: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 
 
Tier 1 capital 
 
Total capital 
Tier 1 leverage 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

22,183 
20,554 
4.10 

1.15% 

11.35 
13.55 
66.2 
88,389 
29,905 
1.540 
4,964.6 
5,017.3 
956,129 
1,933,005 
1,304,622 
758,271 
2.87% 

416,420 
956,770 
11,004 
26,587 
1,951,757 
1,335,991 
183,134 
206,936 
208,079 
153,730 

10.66% 

12.28 
14.14 
17.46 
9.35 
4,891.6 
37.44 
31.43 
262,700 

21,938 
20,373 
3.99 

1.16 

11.49 
13.85 
59.3 
88,267 
35,890 
1.515 
5,052.8 
5,108.3 
949,960 
1,885,441 
1,250,566 
732,620 
2.86 

407,947 
967,604 
11,419 
26,693 
1,930,115 
1,306,079 
176,469 
199,581 
200,497 
146,737 

10.39 

11.13 
12.82 
16.04 
8.95 
5,016.1 
35.18 
29.25 
269,100 

1 
1 
3 

(1) 

(1)
(2) 
12 
-
(17) 
2 
(2) 
(2) 
1 
3 
4 
4 
-

2 
(1) 
(4) 
-
1 
2 
4 
4 
4 
5 

3 

10 
10 
9 
4 
(2) 
6 
7 
(2) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1 Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling interests, and goodwill and certain identifiable 
  
intangible assets (including goodwill and intangible assets associated with certain of our nonmarketable equity investments and held-for-sale assets, but excluding mortgage 
 
servicing rights), net of applicable deferred taxes. The methodology of determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. Management believes that return 
 
on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per common share, which utilize tangible common equity, are useful financial measures because they enable 
 
investors and others to assess the Company’s use of equity. For additional information, including a corresponding reconciliation to GAAP financial measures, see the 
 
 
“Financial Review – Capital Management – Tangible Common Equity” section in this Report. 
2 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 
  
3 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors 
  
  
and others to assess the Company’s ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 
4 Consumer and small business banking deposits are total deposits excluding mortgage escrow and wholesale deposits. 
  
5 See the “Financial Review – Capital Management” section and Note 27 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) in this Report for additional information. 
  
6 The risk-based capital ratios were calculated under the lower of Standardized or Advanced Approach determined pursuant to Basel III with Transition Requirements. 
 
    The risk-based capital ratios were all lower under the Standardized Approach for 2017. The total capital ratio was lower under the Advanced Approach and the other ratios 
 
    were lower under the Standardized Approach for 2016. 
7 Book value per common share is common stockholders’ equity divided by common shares outstanding. Tangible book value per common share is tangible common equity 
  
  
divided by common shares outstanding. 

 

11 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

12 

 

 

together, focus on our customers’ specific needs, 
and build long-term relationships to support 
them as they grow. This kind of relationship 
banking is a hallmark of our company. 
A key element of rebuilding trust for 
 
customers and team members in our 
 
Community Bank is Change for the Better, 
a new framework that seeks to reshape and 
improve the Wells Fargo experience. Change 
for the Better includes new systems, processes, 
and tools introduced in phases. We have already 
devoted more than 300,000 hours of training 
to implementing the first phase of change. 
Among many other improvements, Change 
 
for the Better empowers team members to 
 
have more meaningful conversations with 
customers about their financial goals 
(page 24) and to solve problems for them 
 
on the spot. We also are increasing the digital 
offerings in our branches so both bankers and 
customers can benefit from speed, convenience, 
 
and aggregated financial information. Change 
for the Better’s first phase of improvements 
launched in September 2017, and we have 
received positive feedback from customers 
 
 
and team members about the experience 
we are providing. 
We also have made a number of customer-
friendly changes to help customers better 
 
manage their accounts. For example, in March 
we introduced automatic zero balance alerts, 
and we now send more than 18 million real-time 
alerts a month, enabling our customers to make 
a deposit or transfer so they don’t overdraw their 
account. In November, we introduced Overdraft 
RewindSM, which in its first two months helped 
 
more than 350,000 direct-deposit customers 
 
avoid overdraft charges by including direct 
deposits received by 9 a.m. the next day in 
 
a re-evaluation of the prior day’s transactions 
which resulted in a fee. 
We continue to expand our offerings for 
 
small business customers. Wells Fargo 
 
is training and hiring team members: 
 
More than 11,000 of our branch bankers have 
completed our Business Advocate Program 
training, and we are expanding our teams 
 
that serve small businesses with $2 million 
 
to $5 million in annual revenue. Through 
 
Wells Fargo Works for Small Business®, 
 
we are delivering a wide range of financial 
resources, guidance, and services that will 
 
help small businesses take the next step 
 

 

toward their goals. Today, wellsfargoworks.com 
includes a Business Plan Tool, giving business 
owners a way to create and update a business 
plan, a Business Credit Center to make it easier 
to find credit options and increase understanding 
of how credit decisions are made, and a new 
Marketing Center to help address the marketing 
needs of small business owners. 
Our Wholesale Banking team, under the 
leadership of Perry Pelos, is one of the largest 
sources of financing to help maintain and grow 
the country’s essential infrastructure. Through 
lending and underwriting bonds, we provide 
funding sources for roads, bridges, airports, 
 
ports, water and sewer systems, not-for-profit 
hospitals, affordable housing, higher education, 
and K-12 schools nationwide. As an example, 
 
in December 2017 we served as lead underwriter 
for a $929 million financing for Miami-Dade 
County to improve its water and sewer system 
with infrastructure that is critical to sanitary 
sewer and clean water efforts. 
In every line of business, we are taking a hard 
look at the advice and service we are providing 
and asking ourselves, “How can we do better?” 
Whether it’s through additional training, more 
readily available data, or an entirely new 
 
 
customer service model, we are focused 
on how we can help our customers every day. 
Team member engagement 
 
Team members are our most valuable resource 
and a key competitive advantage for Wells Fargo. 
We cannot transform into a better, stronger 
 
Wells Fargo without their talent and dedication. 
We work hard to create an atmosphere for 
 
our team members in which everyone feels 
respected and empowered to speak up, and 
 
we seek to nurture a diverse and inclusive 
workplace. How our work gets done is as 
important as getting the work done. Promoting 
|an atmosphere of engaged team members not 
only makes Wells Fargo a great place to work, 
 
it results in great customer service. 
In 2017, we asked for ideas and feedback 
 
from our team members — a lot. We conducted 
surveys, assessments, and focus groups on 
everything from company culture to the benefits 
we offer to how our team members feel about 
Wells Fargo overall. We’ve listened as team 
members asked questions in town hall meetings 
and through our internal channels so we can 

2017 Annual Reportunderstand themes and trends. Our teams have 
sifted through tens of thousands of comments 
and survey feedback so we can better understand 
what’s important to team members and where we 
may not be fully living up to their expectations. 
The information we get from our team 
 
members is key to understanding where we 
need to strengthen our culture so we are all 
living Wells Fargo’s values every day. Under the 
leadership of Chief Administrative Officer Hope 
Hardison, we are driving for a consistent culture 
across the company, and we aim to communicate 
more effectively so team members are clear 
on what we expect of them. This is especially 
important in a time of transformation. 
We are making investments in our team 
members. At the beginning of 2017, we raised 
 
the minimum wage base range for U.S.-based 
entry-level team members to $13.50 an hour, 
benefiting about 36,000 team members. 
 
Following the passage of the federal Tax Cuts 

 

and benefits that include affordable health care 
options, work-life balance programs, 401(k) 
matching contributions, a discretionary profit-
sharing plan, and family leave. Team member 
turnover is at its lowest level since 2013. 
Diversity and inclusion is a longtime 
 
value at Wells Fargo, and we seek to foster 
that in many ways. We offer leadership 
development programs that serve team 
members with diverse abilities and Latino, 
Asian-Pacific, LGBTQ, Black/African 
American, and Veteran team members, 
 
as well as other recruiting, training, 
 
and development initiatives. We have 
 
10 robust Team Member Networks through 
which team members with a shared affinity 
 
or background can connect and build 
 
their skills. In September, I was proud 
 
to join other business leaders in signing 

 
We use innovative technologies to create
new kinds of lasting value for consumers
 
and businesses. 

and Jobs Act in December 2017, we announced 
plans to increase the minimum pay rate again, 
to $15 an hour, in March 2018. This will benefit 
approximately 70,000 team members, including 
those already earning $15 an hour or close 
 
to that amount, who will also receive a pay 
increase. In November, we announced an 
 
award of restricted share rights equivalent 
 
to 50 shares of Wells Fargo stock to eligible full-
time employees, and the equivalent of 30 shares 
 
to eligible part-time employees, with a two-year 
vesting period. Approximately 250,000 team 
members will receive this benefit in the first 
quarter of 2018. In the past year, we have added 
two company holidays to our paid time off 
program, plus two “personal holidays” that team 
members may use to take time off to celebrate 
days that are of religious, family, cultural, 
patriotic, community, or diversity significance. 
We continue to offer a compensation package 
that includes competitive salaries, training and 
development options, leadership opportunities, 

 

an open letter supporting the Deferred 
Action for Childhood Arrivals program and 
calling on Congress to pass the bipartisan 
Development, Relief, and Education for Alien 
Minors Act or similar legislation to provide 
young people raised in the U.S. a permanent 
solution. 
Innovation 
 
Wells Fargo is a longtime leader in providing 
innovation to customers, and our pace of 
innovation increased in 2017. Today, under 
 
the leadership of Avid Modjtabai, we use 
innovative technologies to create new kinds 
 
of lasting value for consumers and businesses 
— and increased efficiency for our own 
internal operations. The year marked many 
successful technology rollouts, including 
card-free access for our 13,000 ATMs; 
 
Near-Field Communication, or NFC, 
 
at more than 50 percent of our ATMs 
 
 
to authenticate account holders for 
card-free access using a mobile wallet; 

13 

2017 Annual Report14 

Zelle®2, a fast, person-to-person payment 
 
option embedded in our mobile and online 
 
banking experiences; and new transaction-
level receipt imaging on mobile devices 
 
for commercial customers.  
These offerings are, in many cases, the first 
 
 
of their kind. And our customers are using 
them! For example, since March 2017, our 
customers have conducted more than 
 
5 million card-free ATM transactions. 
 
 
And since June 2017, our customers 
have used Zelle® to transfer $10 billion 
 
in person-to-person payments. 
We are enhancing our branch experience, 
allowing customers to authenticate at the teller 
line using a mobile app on an NFC-enabled 
mobile phone. By knowing who our customers 

experience for current Wells Fargo customers. 
 
It uses third-party-hosted technology that 
enables a customer to submit a credit 
 
application electronically and to append 
 
account documentation from Wells Fargo 
 
or other lenders. When a customer logs into 
 
the Online Mortgage Application, they won’t 
be asked to provide certain information that 
 
we already have in our database. 
We also plan to introduce GreenhouseSM 
  
by Wells Fargo, a new, low-cost mobile banking 
experience with tools geared toward those 
who may find budgeting a challenge, are new 
to banking (such as students), or have several 
income sources (such as freelancers). Greenhouse 
is a combination of two accounts that work 

 

In 2017, our team members volunteered 
  
a record 2 million hours and contributed 
$85 million to 40,000 nonprofits. 

 

 

are, bankers can have meaningful conversations 
focused on our customers’ needs. In November, 
we launched Intuitive InvestorSM digital 
Wells Fargo Advisors3 accounts for the next 
generation of investors. This offering combines 
innovative investing technology with phone-
based advice, giving customers affordable 
access to personalized investment portfolios. 
Conveniently integrated with Wells Fargo’s 
online banking services, Intuitive Investor 
 
provides features like automated account 
rebalancing as well as investment insights 
and strategy from the Wells Fargo 
Investment Institute4. 
We expect to introduce more exciting 
innovations in 2018. In the first quarter 
 
of this year, we plan to nationally launch 
 
our Online Mortgage Application, which 
combines the power of Wells Fargo data 
 
with a digital interface to create a “know me” 

 

 

 

together: one for weekly spending, tied to 
 
a debit card, and one dedicated to saving 
 
 
and paying bills. Among its features are 
spending trends, personalized insights based 
on an artificial intelligence engine, and reminders 
to help consumers keep their spending on track 
to reach their financial goals. The experience 
is intuitive, personalized, and aligned to each 
applicant’s individual situation. 
Control Tower, an innovative customer 
experience, is also expected to launch in 2018 
(page 20). With this digital banking feature, 
 
our customers will be able to view and manage 
the places where their Wells Fargo card and 
account information is stored, including 
 
personal finance websites, digital wallets, 
retail sites, and other third parties. 
Another important area of innovation 
is how we are improving information security 
to protect our customers — from consumer 

 

 

 

 

Investment and insurance products: NOT FDIC-Insured/NO Bank Guarantee/MAY Lose Value 

2Zelle and the Zelle-related marks and logos are property of Early Warning Services, LLC. 

3Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, 
Members SIPC, separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company. 
4Wells Fargo Investment Institute, Inc. is a registered investment adviser and wholly-owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., 
a bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. 

 

2017 Annual Report 

and commercial biometric options to leveraging 
artificial intelligence to help strengthen our risk 
management and fraud detection capabilities. 
I am excited about the new kinds of value we 
  
are creating. The true value of innovation is when 
 
 
technology provides our customers more control 
and transparency to help them succeed financially. 
Risk management 
 
Managing risk is complex and challenging, 
and we have strengthened our risk framework 
substantially over the past year. With greater 
oversight of risk, we have created more 
consistency and have a better enterprise view 
 
of how we are managing risk. As we refine and 
build upon this work, we are expanding our 
efforts in 2018 with a focus on compliance and 
operational risk management, consistent with 
the Federal Reserve consent order. We want to 
ensure we have a fully integrated, cohesive, and 
companywide approach to risk management. 
Our Audit Services function, led by Chief 
 
Auditor David Julian and reporting to the 
 
board of directors, continues to provide 
independent perspective, influence, 
and challenge on our governance, 
 
internal controls, and risk management. 
The Conduct Management Office increases 
 
our oversight across the company. It seeks 
to ensure that all Wells Fargo team members 
and customers are protected and that we listen 
when they suggest the company might have 
fallen short. 
We are building a strong, industry-leading 
compliance program within the Corporate Risk 
organization and have welcomed Mike Roemer, 
who has 27 years of financial services industry 
experience, as our new chief compliance officer. 
The enhancement of our compliance program 
will positively affect many other areas. We also 
welcomed Mark D’Arcy as chief operational risk 
officer and Sarah Dahlgren to the newly created 
role of head of regulatory relations. More than 
2,000 external team members have been hired 
to risk roles to strengthen our capabilities 
during the past two years. 
In 2017, we worked hard to strengthen our 
 
 
“raise your hand” culture. Team members 
know that they are expected to be risk managers 
in their own areas and report anything that 
doesn’t seem right. An example is Lead Teller 
Ciarra Wagner of Omaha, Nebraska, who was 
suspicious when an older man — a noncustomer — 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

wanted to make a large cash deposit into 
 
an acquaintance’s account at Wells Fargo. 
Wagner alerted the branch service manager, 
who spoke with the man and learned that he 
feared he was the victim of a “lottery jackpot” 
scam. The man asked for Wells Fargo’s help 
 
in contacting the police, and weeks later, 
 
 
he returned to thank the team for saving 
him from a painful loss — and to inquire 
 
about moving his accounts to Wells Fargo! 
I appreciate that our team cared, spotted 
 
a questionable situation, and helped resolve 
it. Our “raise your hand” culture also encourages 
team members to be vocal when they have ideas 
 
to make things better or identify areas that 
can be improved at Wells Fargo. 
Corporate citizenship 
 
We want to make every community in which 
we live and do business better — through the 
products and services we offer, the way 
 
we operate, our support of diversity and 
inclusion, and our many forms of philanthropy. 
 
We continue to be one of the largest corporate 
cash donors in the U.S., contributing 
 
$286.5 million to more than 14,500 
nonprofits in 2017. 
Following the passage of the federal Tax Cuts 
and Jobs Act last year, we expect to increase our 
annual philanthropic donations by 40 percent 
 
in 2018, with a longer-term goal of investing 
2 percent of our after-tax profits for corporate 
philanthropy beginning in 2019.  
In tandem with our corporate philanthropy, 
 
our work to improve communities is special 
because it is led by team members who devote 
their time and resources to causes they care 
about. At Wells Fargo, we are all corporate 
 
citizens, and our team members are how 
we make “better” happen wherever the 
 
Wells Fargo name appears. 
In 2017, our team members volunteered 
 
a record 2 million hours and contributed 
$85 million to 40,000 nonprofits during 
 
our annual Community Support Campaign, 
recognized by United Way Worldwide as the 
largest workplace-giving campaign in the 
U.S. for the ninth consecutive year. And 91,000 
team members — or about one-third of our 
company — participated in volunteer groups, 
including Volunteer Chapters, Green Teams, 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

15 

2017 Annual Report16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

and Team Member Networks. As an 
example of this work, our team members 
taught money management skills to 227,000 
children, veterans, seniors, and other 
people in their communities through the 
 
Wells Fargo Hands on Banking® program. 
Following devastating hurricanes, wildfires, 
and other disasters, Wells Fargo donated 
 
more than $10.6 million to the American 
 
Red Cross and other local nonprofits 
to support recovery and rebuilding efforts, 
including $6.5 million to the WE Care fund, 
which provides financial grants to our team 
members who face disaster-related expenses 
or hardships. Our team members and board 
 
of directors personally contributed an 
additional $1.27 million to the WE Care 
 
fund. This was in addition to hundreds 
 
of hours of volunteer support for activities 
like blood drives, beach cleanups, fostering 
displaced pets, and other rebuilding efforts. 
As a company, we focus and organize our 
corporate citizenship activities around three 
priorities: advancing diversity and social 
inclusion, creating economic opportunity 
in underserved communities, and accelerating 
the transition to a lower-carbon economy and 
healthier planet. 
One of the most critical issues facing 
our world today is the lack of employment 
and opportunities for income mobility 
 
in economically disadvantaged areas. 
In fall 2017, students at Harris-Stowe 
 
State University in St. Louis began using 
 
the Wells Fargo Finance Education Center, 
 
an investment lab and mock trading floor 
that offers real-world experience in finance 
and banking. Our $250,000 gift to build 
and outfit the lab is part of a long-standing 
relationship between Wells Fargo Advisors 
and Harris-Stowe, the only historically 
 
black college in St. Louis. The finance 
 
lab is a promising way to both build 
 
a diverse workforce and increase high-
paying career opportunities for students 
of color. Wells Fargo Advisors team members 
serve as guest lecturers at the Wells Fargo 
Finance Education Center and mentor 
Harris-Stowe students. 
To advance economic recovery and 
revitalization on a much broader scale, 
 
we are expanding our support for small 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

businesses and low- and moderate-income 
homebuyers. This includes a commitment 
to provide $100 million in capital, technical 
assistance, education, and other resources 
 
over the next three years to support the 
growth of diverse small businesses through 
the Wells Fargo Works for Small Business®: 
Diverse Community Capital program. We also 
plan to double our investment in Wells Fargo’s 
NeighborhoodLIFT® program to $75 million 
in 2018. 
In 2017, we announced a 10-year commitment 
to create at least 250,000 African American 
homeowners. It includes $60 billion in home 
loans and $15 million for homebuyer education 
and counseling initiatives. In our first year, we 
have helped more than 23,000 African American 
families become homeowners and invested 
$1.8 million to support homebuyer education and 
counseling. We marked the second year of our 
10-year, $125 billion lending commitment to help 
increase Hispanic homeownership through our 
support of the National Association of Hispanic 
Real Estate Professionals’ Hispanic Wealth 
Project. From 2016 through 2017, we helped 
more than 87,000 families become homeowners 
and provided about $2.8 million in funding for 
homebuyer education and counseling programs. 
Like many of our customers, shareholders, 
 
and team members, we are concerned about 
climate change and other environmental 
challenges affecting our planet. We’ve launched 
the “Greener Every Day” campaign to educate 
and inspire our team members to join our 
 
environmental efforts by making simple 
changes in their behavior each day at home, 
work, and in the community. Our goal is for 
team members to make a total of 250,000 
 
commitments to improve sustainability 
by 2020. 
In 2017, we achieved a significant milestone by 
powering 100 percent of our global electricity 
needs with renewable energy. As one of the 
largest financers of renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, and clean technology in the U.S., 
we are committed to supporting new growth 
in the sector through product innovation 
and collaboration with public and private 
organizations to help speed the path to 
market for early-stage companies focused 
on sustainability. 

 

 

2017 Annual Report 

 

I am very proud of the many ways we support 
 
members of the military, veterans, and their 
families — both as customers and as members 
 
of the Wells Fargo team. Since 2012, we have 
 
donated more than $100 million to support 
 
military service members, veterans, and their 
families through financial education, career 
transition, and housing initiatives. For the fourth 
year in a row, we sponsored a No Barriers Warriors 
to Summits team in 2017. This program assembles 
about a dozen veterans with disabilities and helps 
them overcome barriers and unleash their potential 
through a wilderness-based curriculum and 
experiences in challenging environments. 
Within our offices, we continue to expand 
 
the Veterans Employment Transition program, 
which is focused on identifying and hiring veterans 
who are moving into the private workforce for 
internships with Wells Fargo Securities and other 
lines of business. And in 2017, we launched an 
ApprenticeshipUSA program, which allows eligible 
veterans to use GI Bill education benefits to earn 
a salary while acquiring high-value job skills. 
I am deeply moved by the commitment our team 
members bring to bettering our communities, 
 
and I am pleased that we are able to support their 
work to help others. 
 
Shareholder value 
Our goal to create long-term shareholder value 
is the last on our list because each of the other 
 
five goals contributes to it. We recognize that you, 
our investors, have placed your trust in Wells Fargo, 
and we are focused on managing the company 
to achieve long-term value through a diversified 
business model, strong risk discipline, efficient 
execution, a solid balance sheet, and a world-class 
team. While the asset cap under the Federal Reserve 
consent order remains in place, I believe we will be 
able to continue to serve our customers, and the 
financial impact will be manageable. 
Our financial performance in 2017 was solid, 
 
but we can and should do better. In 2017, 
 
our return on assets was 1.15 percent, and 
our return on equity was 11.35 percent. 
Our capital and liquidity are strong, which is 
important to long-term shareholder value creation 
and provides flexibility in managing the company. 
We returned $14.5 billion to our shareholders 
through common stock dividends and net share 
repurchases in 2017, up 16 percent from 2016. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Our quarterly common stock dividend increased 
to 39 cents per share, and our net payout ratio5 
  
 
in 2017 was 72 percent. For the fourth straight 
year, we reduced our average number of diluted 
common shares outstanding, which were down 
 
91 million shares from 2016. 
We’re on track with our expense initiatives, and 
 
we remain committed to our target of $4 billion 
 
in expense reductions by the end of 2019. 
 
Our day-to-day efforts to transform Wells Fargo 
are the foundation of creating long-term success. 
I am optimistic that the investments we are making 
will allow us to serve our customers better and result 
in growth over the long term. We are committed to 
living up to our potential for you, our shareholders. 
In closing 
 
I want to express my appreciation to our 
board of directors for the knowledge, experience, 
and leadership they have shown during the past 
 
year. Special recognition is due to Steve Sanger, 
Cynthia Milligan, and Susan Swenson, who 
retired from the board at the end of 2017. 
Their contributions and service have helped 
our company immeasurably over the years. 
During the past year, I have been asked 
many times, “Tim, why are you so optimistic?” 
 
My answer is, “How can I not be?” Wells Fargo 
 
is a strong company with a rich, 166-year history. 
We have overcome challenges many times 
during our history. We have a solid foundation, 
exceptional businesses, and an outstanding 
 
team. Our more than 260,000 team members 
 
are dedicated, talented, and committed — and, 
without a doubt, they are our most important 
resource. We are working every day to rebuild 
 
trust with our stakeholders, and I am confident 
that we will achieve our six goals. Thank you 
 
for placing your trust in Wells Fargo and for your 
support. Our commitment to you is unwavering 
 
as we continue our transformation into a better, 
stronger company. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

17 

Timothy J. Sloan 
Chief Executive Officer and President 
Wells Fargo & Company 
February 15, 2018 

5Net payout ratio is the ratio of (i) common stock dividends and share repurchases less issuances and stock compensation-related items, 
 
divided by (ii) net income applicable to common stock. 

2017 Annual Report18 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Once homeless, an Army veteran gets a fresh  
start in a house newly renovated to meet his  
needs over the long term. 

T
 he day Walter Moody met his new home, it was love at first sight.
 

From the front door to the open floor plan to the small yard out back, the 
redesigned, ranch­style house in the Raleigh neighborhood of Memphis, Tennessee, 
clearly charmed Moody. “When I first walked in here, I’ll be honest with you: I didn’t believe 
it,” said the 55­year­old U.S. Army veteran. “Now I plan to be here till the day I die.” 

Moody received his mortgage­free home courtesy of Wells Fargo and United 
  
Housing Inc. as part of a nationwide home renovation competition called Home  
Today, Home Tomorrow. Inspired by the Home Matters movement and co­sponsored  
by AARP, the AARP Foundation, and the Wells Fargo Housing Foundation, the contest  
challenged architects to use universal design in the renovation of existing houses. 
  
The idea: to allow homeowners of many income levels to “age in place” and stay  
in their homes throughout all stages of their lives. 

Home Matters’ concept includes stair­free entrances, wide hallways, 
and barrier­free showers — all aimed at improving the owner’s mental, 
emotional, and physical well­being. 

“Wells Fargo has been on board with the idea since the inception of the 
Home Matters movement,” said Martin Sundquist, head of the company’s 
housing foundation, which worked with United Housing to provide the 
home. “We believe this is yet another success in our work with nonprofits 
to create stronger communities. We are proud to join United Housing and 
others to help make Mr. Moody’s dream of homeownership a reality. I hope 
this collaboration inspires additional efforts to create more affordable and 
sustainable housing across the country.” 

Moody, who struggled with homelessness and unemployment for several years after  
his Army service, said a Catholic Charities program in Memphis helped him find a job  
and a new lease on life. It also worked with him as he applied for a renovated home through 
Home Today, Home Tomorrow. 

Now he’s happy to welcome his mother, Mary Moody, 77, for visits. Her own disabilities  
had made it difficult for her to navigate his previous apartment. “Now, when I see my  
mom walk in my house and able to get around, I know we can enjoy happy moments,”  
he said. “It’s going to be a real blessing. I’m happy.” 

Left: Walter Moody at home in Memphis, Tennessee. 
Right: Moody entertains friends in his backyard. 

19 

20 

2017 Annual ReportA new Wells Fargo technology called Control Tower  
is designed to help customers manage their financial 
connections from one spot. 

B en Soccorsy saw eyes light up in the research lab as customers got a first look  

at a new digital banking technology being developed by Wells Fargo. It was the  
kind of moment his San Francisco team lives for — when those who will eventually 
use your new invention actually “get it.” 

The moment came when the focus group participants, after seeing several demos and 

prototypes, realized Wells Fargo was onto something really good: a smartphone and  

online feature that gives customers control over their bank cards and accounts in new  

and different ways.
 

“Once they understood what this feature is and what it could do for them, it was a real  
moment of excitement,” said Soccorsy, head of the digital payments product team for  
Wells Fargo Virtual Channels. “Getting that kind of validation was a key part of our 
development journey — and we’re just scratching the surface of this concept’s potential.” 

The technology, dubbed Control Tower, is designed to help customers 

securely manage their financial connections from one location
 
 
inside the Wells Fargo mobile banking app and website. For example, 

customers who misplace their debit cards won’t have to click from 

website to website to update their payment method for things
 
  
like online shopping, streaming video, and personal finance sites. 

Control Tower is designed to help them manage those from one place.
 

Wells Fargo expects to launch the feature in 2018. Customers will 

be able to see the places their Wells Fargo cards and accounts are 

connected — from personal finance apps and websites to digital  

wallets, retail merchant sites, and third parties.
 

“As our customers have discovered the convenience of online and mobile  
financial services, their digital lives have become more complex,” said Jim Smith,  
head of Wells Fargo Virtual Channels. “Currently, there isn’t one spot within a mobile  
banking app that lets customers control where their account information is connected.  
  
This new experience puts the customer in control and simplifies what too often is 
a fragmented digital experience. You’ll be able to view, organize, and manage your 
  
mobile wallets, recurring payments, devices, and other services that are electronically 
connected to your Wells Fargo cards and accounts.” 

Soccorsy concluded, “One of the most exciting aspects of the financial services industry  
today is the use of technology to build stronger relationships with customers. Ultimately, 
Wells Fargo wants to simplify the way people connect to our services — whether at a branch, 
online, or through mobile, social media, or other channels. And we are thrilled about 
  
Control Tower, which we believe will be the first digital experience of its kind in the industry.” 

21 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Left: Ben Soccorsy at the office in San Francisco. 
Right: Soccorsy with his development team. 

22 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

A mom with a dream is forging ahead with plans 
to expand her inclusive preschool — aided by 
financial resources from Wells Fargo. 

P
 rabha Sanjay had a big idea a decade ago and went all out to make it happen:  


open an inclusive preschool combining language immersion with Montessori 

teaching methods that focus on “the whole child.” And she wasn’t about to let 

financing hurdles block her path. 

A former stay­at­home mom, she went back to college for an early childhood education 
degree when her kids went to middle school, then took a job at a preschool in Foster City, 
California. Next, she opened Odyssey Preschool as an in­home day care facility. After less 
than a year, word­of­mouth resulted in a waiting list of families eager for her services. 

“When I was ready to expand into a commercial building space, many banks wouldn’t  
even talk with my husband and me because of a loan rate modification on our home 
mortgage,” she said. “But when we met with Paveli Roy, a business relationship  
manager at Wells Fargo, she saw the potential.” 

The first step, they determined, was to apply for a business secured  
credit card to pay for day­to­day business needs — and help strengthen  
her credit profile. Then they worked to refine her business plan, providing 
 
a path forward for her company’s success and helping build the case for  
financing the business loan, despite her credit issues. 

“When you meet with someone who is so passionate about what she does,  
that rubs off on you,” the business relationship manager said. “I knew we  
could find a way to keep her small business journey moving forward.” 

She was approved for a $100,000 loan and moved Odyssey Preschool  
in 2009 to a building that could accommodate more students. Today,  

Odyssey Preschool cares for 130 children ages 18 months to 6 years and employs  
20 teachers from China, India, Spain, and the U.S. 

Soon, Odyssey Preschool will open a second location — in Palo Alto, California —  
that is expected to support more than 50 additional students. 

“Being an immigrant myself,” concluded the business owner, a native of Bangalore, India, 
 
“I realized there was a need to improve inclusion in preschools. Kids are like sponges, 
absorbing everything around them, which is why the environment they learn in is so 
important. And with a shortage of high­quality toddler care, it’s extremely rewarding  
to know that we have stepped in to meet the community’s need.” 

Left: Prabha Sanjay with some of the preschoolers in her care. 
Right: Prabha Sanjay at her preschool in Foster City, California. 

23 

24 

2017 Annual ReportAt Wells Fargo branches, true conversations 
  
are helping customers achieve their dreams —  
such as saving up for the trip of a lifetime.  

A lexandra Wilkinson’s lifelong dream was to ride down the Grand Canal in Venice,  

Italy, in a gondola. She wasn’t sure how to make it happen — until she had a conversation 
with Nicole Allegretto, a Wells Fargo personal banker in Palm Harbor, Florida. 

Allegretto said, “What I try to do with all my customers is, first, listen to discover what’s 
important to them. In Alex’s case, it was clear that the answer was travel. And the more  
I heard, the more I wanted to help.” 

 

As the two chatted, they discussed Wilkinson’s travel dream and 
considered several options before deciding to establish a small savings 
 
account as her “travel fund.” Wilkinson, the owner of a social media 
management firm, supplemented her income and added that money  
to the fund. 

“The most rewarding part was going to the branch every week and  
putting money in,” Wilkinson said. “Every time I came in, Nicole was  
a huge cheerleader. The encouragement helped me have discipline,  
and it paid off.” 

Several months later, “Alex walked to my desk with the biggest smile  
on her face, a bounce in her step, and a receipt for the airline tickets she’d just purchased,” 
Allegretto said. “I knew she had worked harder than ever to land new accounts so she could 
contribute to her travel fund. She also decided to rent out her home awhile and use the income  
  
to help the fund grow. And she discovered a work exchange program in which you agree 
  
to provide child care, cooking, and other services in exchange for room and board. This 
allowed her to cut the number of hotel stays she needed — making her travel money last  
even longer.” 

In the end, Wilkinson surpassed her savings goal and spent 53 days in Europe, visiting  
19 locations in three countries — and, of course, riding the gondola in Venice. She said,  
“Sitting in that gondola, I started to cry a bit. It had been my dream and was something  
I’d waited my whole life to do!” 

According to Allegretto, changes that Wells Fargo has instituted in bank branches are making 
meaningful customer conversations easier. Streamlined processes, she said, give team members 
 
more time to listen, empowering them to solve problems, reduce wait times, and improve overall 
customer service. 

“If not for the way Wells Fargo is supporting the development of customer relationships,” 
Allegretto said, “I might not have been a small part of helping Alex achieve her dream.” 

25 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Left: Alexandra Wilkinson in St. Petersburg, Florida. 
Right: Wilkinson with Wells Fargo’s Nicole Allegretto. 

26 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Once a single shop in Manhattan, Goya Foods today  
is a worldwide manufacturer and distributor — and 
has remained a Wells Fargo customer for 40 years. 

I n 1936, Prudencio and Carolina Unanue opened a shop on Duane Street  

in Manhattan offering local Hispanic families authentic Spanish olives, olive oil,  
and sardines. Immigrants from Spain via Puerto Rico, the Unanues soon saw a need  
for all kinds of high­quality, fresh­tasting, Latin foods — and a much wider market. 

The company they started, Goya Foods, is now run by grandson Bob Unanue and is  
currently “the largest Hispanic­owned food company in the United States and the premier  
source for authentic Latin cuisine,” he said. It employs more than 4,000 people worldwide  
and operates 26 corporate, manufacturing, and production facilities in the U.S., Puerto Rico,  
the Dominican Republic, and Spain. Consumers worldwide see the Goya name on more  
than 2,500 products sold at grocery stores and elsewhere. 

“But we are not just a food company,” said Bob Unanue, Goya Foods president  
and CEO. “We have become a part of families and tables across the world.  
We have a tremendous sense of responsibility to our society ‘family,’ and  
as we have grown, our commitment grows even stronger.” In fact, Unanue  
refers to Goya Foods employees, communities, customers, suppliers, and 
business partners as “la gran familia Goya,” or “the great Goya family.” 

  
For the past 40 years, Wells Fargo has been a part of that family. “Wells Fargo 
  
has supported our growth and expansion with financing and treasury services 
to support our evolving business requirements and opportunities,” Unanue  
said. “Our bankers have always been proactive in offering and delivering 

services to support Goya’s needs. They have demonstrated an interest in understanding  

our business and delivering high­quality service.”
 

  
Toby Babeuf, regional vice president for Wells Fargo in Summit, New Jersey, said, 
“When you visit Goya, you’re humbled by the magnitude of its international operations  
and family­oriented management style.” 

  
Wells Fargo’s service proved especially helpful as Goya Foods constructed a new 
headquarters recently in Jersey City, New Jersey, and expanded its manufacturing and 
distribution centers in Texas, California, and Georgia. And looking ahead, Unanue said,  
Goya Foods will continue to look at new and evolving distribution channels and growth  
through acquisition, joint ventures, and alliances. 

Unanue concluded, “The story of Goya is as much about the importance of family and  
values as it is about achieving the American dream and helping to cultivate the Latin  
culture in the United States. Our commitment to the community is a core value and  
something we value in companies like Wells Fargo that we do business with. We look  
forward to our continued collaboration for many years to come.” 

Left: Goya Foods products are a mainstay ingredient in Latin cuisine. 
Right: A meal prepared with Goya Foods products. 

27 

28 

2017 Annual ReportCareful planning helped provide for a son  
after tragedy took his mom’s life. 

R on and Tricia Kephart of Laurie, Missouri, were devastated a decade ago when they 

got the phone call no parents want to receive. 

Their daughter, Rhonda Swanigan, had been killed in an accident while riding 
  
as a passenger in someone else’s car. The loss thrust them into an unfamiliar world of court 
hearings, legal settlements, and financial concerns as they stepped in to become legal 
guardians of their daughter’s 8­year­old son, Bryce Kephart. 

Fortunately, “Rhonda had made some good preparations,” said 
Tricia Kephart. Specifically, Swanigan had life insurance. With the 
proceeds from that and a subsequent legal settlement, the Kepharts 
headed to see Patrick Rowland, a branch manager at Wells Fargo 
Advisors. 

“We knew Bryce needed professional advice regarding his financial 
assets for when Grandmother and Grandpa aren’t there one day,” 
Ron Kephart said. 

They used the Envision® investment planning process to help 
develop a strategy for Bryce’s assets. Rowland helped them navigate 
the interactive tool, which adjusts to market moves and changing conditions  
so customers can see the potential impact on their finances now and in the future. 

As Bryce grew, his grandparents taught him about money so he’d be ready at age 18  
to take the reins of the account as its legal owner. He is now a freshman at Missouri  
State University. 

Rowland said, “The Kepharts had done a great job both raising Bryce and talking  

to him about money and preparing for the future. Ultimately, Bryce and I developed  

a plan that sought to protect and grow his assets to help him meet his goal of going  

to college — and perhaps, one day, starting his own business.”
 

Tricia Kephart concluded, “I tell Bryce all the time about his portfolio, ‘This is love money. 
This is your mother. You need to remember that.’ And he has. We’re very proud of him!” 

Left: Bryce Kephart on campus at Missouri State University.
 
Right: Kephart with grandparents Ron and Tricia Kephart.
 

Investment and insurance products: NOT FDIC-Insured/NO Bank Guarantee/MAY Lose Value 

Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, Member SIPC, a registered broker dealer and non-
bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is a bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. 

29

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

30 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

With the help of Wells Fargo and a local nonprofit,  
a first­time restaurant owner brings fresh and  
healthy eating options to her reservation. 

Reservation in Washington state? 

W here can you get a salad or fresh fruit smoothie on the Colville Indian 

Only a year ago, you couldn’t. But now that local entrepreneur Theresa  
Desautel has opened the Red Willow Café at the Colville Tribal Government Center  
in Nespelem, Washington, those healthy options are readily available. 

The road to restaurateur was a bit of a winding one for Desautel, who grew up on the 
 
reservation but left to follow a career with a construction company in Spokane, Washington. 
She returned as an engineer working on the tribal government center. When the building  
  
was almost complete, she said, she walked through its empty restaurant and kitchen 
space  and thought, “I could totally pull this off. I think I could do this!” 

 

  
After winning the contract to open a restaurant, she turned to the 
Northwest Native Development Fund for help. The nonprofit organization  
is a Community Development Financial Institution, or CDFI, that lends to 
underserved Native American businesses and communities in Washington.  
“I didn’t have enough cash for the initial food order, equipment, and payroll,”  
 
she said, “and they helped me adjust my business plan and provided the 
assistance I needed until I got the loan. I couldn’t have done it without them.” 

Wells Fargo supports the fund (and 55 other CDFIs nationwide) as part of the 
Wells Fargo Works for Small Business®: Diverse Community Capital program. 

Since 2015, Wells Fargo has awarded more than $55 million to CDFIs to help launch new 
businesses and grow existing ones — all with the goals of creating jobs, building wealth,  
and strengthening communities. 

Connie Smith, manager of the Diverse Community Capital program, said, “We want  
to build the capacity of CDFIs like the Northwest Native Development Fund so they can 
 
provide more capital and technical assistance to the diverse small business owners they 
know best, and in the most culturally appropriate ways. As those businesses grow and build 
their credit, they can then become eligible for financing from more traditional sources.” 

In addition to Desautel’s café, other recipients of Northwest Native Development Fund 
assistance include a day care center, a construction company that clears roads in the  
winter and fights wildfires the rest of the year, and a manufacturer of sweetgrass  
shampoos and conditioners. 

Desautel concluded, “Like any small business owner, there are definitely some days when 
I think, ‘What did I get myself into?’ But I like owning my own business. I am the deciding 
factor in my own destiny. It’s all up to me.” 

Left: Theresa Desautel on the Colville Indian Reservation. 
Right: Desautel at work in the Red Willow Café. 

31 

32

            next

  
generation
 

2017 Annual ReportThe Hmong American Farmers Association helps preserve 
the “enduring spirit” of immigrant farmers by providing  
early guidance and investing for success. 

H mong refugees immigrating from Laos and Vietnam in the turbulent 1970s often  

turned to farming as their livelihood after arriving in the U.S. Although resources  
to ease their transition were hard to come by, many prospered. 

Now, some 40 years later, nonprofit organizations like the Hmong American Farmers Association  
in St. Paul, Minnesota, are helping newcomers and working to create a generational investment  
for future farmers. 

“Farming is at the heart of Hmong culture,” said MayKao Fredericks,  
a Wells Fargo Community Relations consultant who grew up in 
  
a Hmong farming family in Spokane, Washington. “But they need  
 
help in the U.S. That’s where the Hmong American Farmers 
Association comes in. It provides land tenure, exposure to markets 
other than farmers markets, and educational and financial support.” 

The association subleases its land to farmers and uses some plots 
for research and demonstrations to provide continuing education. 
More than 50 families and 250 individuals have benefited since the 
association started in 2011. 

Wells Fargo supports the group through charitable giving designed to support minority­ 
owned small businesses. “Wells Fargo was an early investor in the Hmong American Farmers 
Association,” said Pakou Hang, executive director, “and that served as the foundation for all the 
successes that came after.” 

Hang described how the association helps: “A small­scale, new farmer working alone may not  
be able to purchase a large tract of land with cold storage and an irrigation system, or acquire  
a $75,000 tractor, or secure a contract with a university to sell 10,000 pounds of potatoes. 
  
But as part of a land or equipment cooperative, that is suddenly possible — and at a smaller  
risk and greater learning to the farmer. Moreover, it’s not just the farmer that benefits, but the  
entire community.” 

Example: The association has a food hub that sells fresh fruits, vegetables, and flowers  
to 177 schools and 45 institutions, retailers, and restaurants. 

“In essence,” said Hang, “we are helping people create their own luck. That is the enduring  
spirit of the Hmong farmer, and it is the enduring spirit of the immigrants who built America.” 

Wells Fargo’s Fredericks concluded, “I know the Hmong American Farmers Association  
  
is a change­maker for families like mine, who place agriculture, business acumen, and 
hard work at the forefront. It is improving the quality of life for Hmong farming families.” 

Left: Janssen Hang, a farmer in St. Paul, Minnesota, with Pakou Hang, executive director  
of the Hmong American Farmers Association, or HAFA. 
Right: Janssen Hang with Wells Fargo’s MayKao Fredericks and HAFA’s Pakou Hang. 

Learn more about everyone featured in this year's Annual Report at wellsfargo.com/stories 

33

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Operating Committee and Other Corporate Officers
 

34 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

Wells Fargo Operating Committee (left to right): 
 
C. Allen Parker, Hope A. Hardison, David M. Julian, Perry G. Pelos, Jonathan G. Weiss, 
  
Timothy J. Sloan, Michael J. Loughlin, Mary T. Mack, John R. Shrewsberry, and Avid Modjtabai 

Timothy J. Sloan  
Chief Executive Officer  
and President * 
Anthony R. Augliera  
Corporate Secretary 
Neal A. Blinde 
Treasurer 
John M. Campbell 
Head of Investor Relations 
Jon R. Campbell  
Head of Corporate Responsibility  
& Community Relations  
Hope A. Hardison  
Chief Administrative Officer * 

 

David M. Julian  
Chief Auditor 
Richard D. Levy  
Controller * 
Michael J. Loughlin  
Chief Risk Officer * 
Mary T. Mack  
Head of Community Banking  
and Consumer Lending * 
Avid Modjtabai  
Head of Payments, Virtual  
Solutions and Innovation * 
David Moskowitz 
Head of Government Relations  
& Public Policy 

C. Allen Parker 
General Counsel * 
Perry G. Pelos  
Head of Wholesale Banking * 
James H. Rowe  
Head of Stakeholder Relations 
John R. Shrewsberry  
Chief Financial Officer * 
Oscar Suris  
Head of Corporate  
Communications 
Jonathan G. Weiss 
Head of Wealth and  
Investment Management * 

Board of Directors
 
John D. Baker II�1, 2, 3 
Executive Chairman and CEO 
FRP Holdings, Inc. 
(Real estate management) 

 

 

John  S.  Chen�6 
Executive Chairman and CEO 
BlackBerry Limited 
(Wireless communications) 

Celeste A. Clark�2 
Principal, Abraham Clark Consulting,  
LLC, and Retired Senior Vice President,  
Global Public Policy and External Relations  
and Chief Sustainability Officer 
Kellogg Company 
(Food manufacturing) 

Theodore F. Craver, Jr.�1 
Retired Chairman, President, and CEO 
Edison International  
(Energy) 

 

Lloyd H. Dean�2, 5, 6 
President and CEO 
Dignity Health 
(Healthcare) 

 

Elizabeth A. Duke�3, 4, 5, 7 
Chair 
Wells Fargo & Company 
Former member of the Federal  
Reserve Board of Governors 
(U.S. regulatory agency) 

Enrique Hernandez, Jr.�2, 4, 7 
Chairman, President, and CEO 
Inter­Con Security Systems, Inc. 
(Security services) 

Donald M. James�4, 5, 6 
Retired Chairman 
Vulcan Materials Company 
(Construction materials) 

Maria R. Morris�7 
  
Retired Executive Vice President and Head 
of Global Employee Benefits business 
MetLife, Inc. 
(Health and life insurance) 

Karen B. Peetz�4, 6, 7 
Retired President  
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 
(Banking and financial services) 

Federico F. Peña�1, 2, 5 
Senior Advisor  
Colorado Impact Fund 
(Private equity) 
Former U.S. Secretary of Energy and 
Former U.S. Secretary of Transportation 

 

Juan A. Pujadas�3, 4, 7 
Retired Principal  
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 
and Former Vice Chairman, 
Global Advisory Services, 
PwC International  
(Professional services) 

James H. Quigley�1, 3, 7 
CEO Emeritus and Retired Partner 
Deloitte 
(Audit, tax, financial advisory) 

Ronald L. Sargent �1, 5, 6 
Retired Chairman and CEO 
Staples, Inc. 
(Office supply retailer) 

Timothy J. Sloan 
CEO and President 
Wells Fargo & Company 

35 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

 

Suzanne M. Vautrinot�2, 3, 7 
President 
Kilovolt Consulting, Inc.  
(Cyber and technology consulting) 
Major General and Commander 
United States Air Force (retired) 

2017 Corporate Social Responsibility 
Performance Highlights 
We are committed to delivering value to our shareholders and becoming a leader in corporate 
citizenship by advancing diversity and social inclusion, creating economic opportunity, and 
promoting environmental responsibility. Read more about our priorities, goals, and progress 
at wellsfargo.com/about/corporate­responsibility. 

Investing in 
team members 
Raised minimum wage to $15 per hour 
(effective March 2018) and added four new 
paid holidays for U.S. team members. 

Supporting
communities 

Invested $286.5 million  and  volunteered 
2+ million hours in nonprofits in 2017. Created  
15,800+ homeowners in 57 communities 
through LIFT programs since 2012. 

  

 

 

 

Advancing 
diversity and 
social inclusion 

Awarded $4.6 million through diverse 
scholarship programs, increasing access to 
education and employment opportunities. 
 
Hired 1,400 military veterans. 

Accelerating  
clean technology 
Donated $6 million to advance clean  
tech and innovation. Financed more than 
$12 billion in renewable energy and other 
sustainable businesses. 

Empowering 
 
diverse businesses 

Reducing our 
operational 
impact 

Provided $55 million in grants and 
capital to grow diverse small businesses 
since 2015. Spent more than $1 billion 
with diverse suppliers (4th year). 

Met 100% of our electricity needs  
with renewable energy. Achieved  
LEED® certification for 25% of total  
square footage in buildings.* 

Data for January 1, 2017­December 31, 2017, unless otherwise noted. 
*As of 3Q 2017. 

36 

t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
7
1
0
2

 
 
Wells Fargo & Company 2017 Financial Report

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Financial Review 

Overview 

Earnings Performance 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Risk Management 

Capital Management 

Regulatory Matters 

159 

160 

168 

185 

187 

198 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

Federal Funds Sold, Securities Purchased under Resale
 

Agreements and Other Short-Term Investments
 

Investment Securities 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other 

Assets 

Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities 

Mortgage Banking Activities 

201 

10 

Intangible Assets 

Critical Accounting Policies 

203 

11 

Deposits 

Current Accounting Developments 

204 

12 

Short-Term Borrowings 

Forward-Looking Statements 

205 

13 

Long-Term Debt 

Risk Factors 

207 

14 

Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other 

Commitments 

Controls and Procedures 

212 

15 

Legal Actions 

216 

16 

Derivatives 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

226 

17 

Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over 

Financial Reporting 

Report of Independent Registered Public 

Accounting Firm 

248 

18 

Preferred Stock 

251 

19 

Common Stock and Stock Plans 

255 

20 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

257 

21 

Employee Benefits and Other Expenses 

Financial Statements 

263 

22 

Income Taxes 

Consolidated Statement of Income 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 

Income 

Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 

Equity 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

266 

23 

Earnings Per Common Share 

267 

24 

Other Comprehensive Income 

269 

25 

Operating Segments 

271 

26 

Parent-Only Financial Statements 

274 

27 

Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Business Combinations 

Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions 

1 

2 

3 

275 

276 

278 

Report of Independent Registered 

Public Accounting Firm 

Quarterly Financial Data 

Glossary of Acronyms 

38 

42 

61 

63 

65 

104 

110 

114 

118 

120 

121 

137 

137 

137 

138 

139 

140 

141 

142 

146 

147 

157 

158 

Wells Fargo & Company 

37 

This Annual Report, including the Financial Review and the Financial Statements and related Notes, contains forward-looking 
statements, which may include forecasts of our financial results and condition, expectations for our operations and business, and our 
assumptions for those forecasts and expectations. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ 
materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from our forward-looking statements are described in this Report, including in the “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” 
 
sections, and in the “Regulation and Supervision” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 
(2017 Form 10-K). 
 
When we refer to “Wells Fargo,” “the Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this Report, we mean Wells Fargo & Company and 
Subsidiaries (consolidated). When we refer to the “Parent,” we mean Wells Fargo & Company. When we refer to “legacy Wells Fargo,” 
we mean Wells Fargo excluding Wachovia Corporation (Wachovia). See the Glossary of Acronyms for terms used throughout this 
Report. 
 
Financial Review 

 

Overview 

Wells Fargo & Company is a diversified, community-based 
financial services company with $2.0 trillion in assets. Founded 
in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, we provide 
banking, investments, mortgage, and consumer and commercial 
finance through more than 8,300 locations, 13,000 ATMs, 
digital (online, mobile and social), and contact centers (phone, 
email and correspondence), and we have offices in 42 countries 
and territories to support customers who conduct business in the 
global economy. With approximately 263,000 active, full-time 
equivalent team members, we serve one in three households in 
the United States and ranked No. 25 on Fortune’s 2017 rankings 
of America’s largest corporations. We ranked third in assets and 
in the market value of our common stock among all U.S. banks 
at December 31, 2017. 

We use our Vision, Values and Goals to guide us toward 

growth and success. Our vision is to satisfy our customers’ 
financial needs and help them succeed financially. We aspire to 
create deep and enduring relationships with our customers by 
providing them with an exceptional experience and by 
understanding their needs and delivering the most relevant 
products, services, advice, and guidance. 

We have five primary values, which are based on our vision 

and guide the actions we take. First, we place customers at the 
center of everything we do. We want to exceed customer 
expectations and build relationships that last a lifetime. Second, 
we value and support our people as a competitive advantage and 
strive to attract, develop, motivate, and retain the best team 
members. Third, we strive for the highest ethical standards of 
integrity, transparency, and principled performance. Fourth, we 
value and promote diversity and inclusion in all aspects of 
business and at all levels. Fifth, we look to each of our team 
members to be a leader in establishing, sharing, and 
communicating our vision for our customers, communities, team 
members, and shareholders. In addition to our five primary 
values, one of our key day-to-day priorities is to make risk 
management a competitive advantage by working hard to ensure 
that appropriate controls are in place to reduce risks to our 
customers, maintain and increase our competitive market 
position, and protect Wells Fargo’s long-term safety, soundness, 
and reputation. 

In keeping with our primary values and risk management 
priorities, we have six long-term goals for the Company, which 
entail becoming the financial services leader in the following 
areas: 

• 	

• 	

• 	

Customer service and advice – provide exceptional service 
and guidance to our customers to help them succeed 
financially. 
Team member engagement – be a company where people 
feel included, valued, and supported; everyone is respected; 
and we work as a team. 
Innovation – create lasting value for our customers and 
increased efficiency for our operations through innovative 
thinking, industry-leading technology, and a willingness to 
test and learn. 

• 	 Risk management – set the global standard in 

• 	

• 	

managing all forms of risk. 
Corporate citizenship – make a positive contribution to 
communities through philanthropy, advancing diversity and 
inclusion, creating economic opportunity, and promoting 
environmental sustainability. 
Shareholder value – deliver long-term value for 
shareholders. 

Over the past year and a half, our Board of Directors 

(Board) has taken, and continues to take, actions to enhance 
Board oversight and governance. These actions, many of which 
reflected results from the Board’s 2017 self-assessment, which 
was facilitated by a third party, and the feedback we received 
from our shareholders and other stakeholders, included: 
• 	

Separating the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief 
Executive Officer. 
Amending Wells Fargo’s By-Laws to require that the 
Chairman be an independent director. 
Electing Elizabeth A. “Betsy” Duke as our new independent 
Board Chair, effective January 1, 2018. 
Electing six new independent directors, including directors 
with financial services, risk management, regulatory, 
technology, human capital management, social 
responsibility, and other relevant experience, with five 
directors retiring in 2017. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	 Making changes to the leadership and composition of key 
Board committees, including appointing new chairs of the 
Board’s Risk Committee and Governance and Nominating 
Committee. 
Amending Board committee charters and working with 
management to improve reporting to the Board in order to 
enhance the Board's risk oversight. 

• 	

38 

Wells Fargo & Company 

As previously announced, the Board’s refreshment process 
will continue with director retirements in 2018. As has been our 
practice, we will continue our engagement efforts with our 
shareholders and other stakeholders while the Board maintains 
its focus on enhancing oversight and governance. 

Federal Reserve Board Consent Order Regarding 
Governance Oversight and Compliance and 
Operational Risk Management 
 
On February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order 
with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(FRB), which requires the Company to submit to the FRB within 
60 days of the date of the consent order plans to further enhance 
the Board’s governance oversight and the Company’s compliance 
and operational risk management. The consent order also 
requires third-party reviews related to the adoption and 
implementation of such plans by September 30, 2018. Until 
these third-party reviews are complete and the plans are 
approved and implemented to the satisfaction of the FRB, the 
Company’s total consolidated assets will be limited to the level as 
of December 31, 2017. Compliance with this asset cap will be 
measured on a two-quarter daily average basis to allow for 
management of temporary fluctuations. Once the asset cap 
limitation is removed, a second third-party review must be 
conducted to assess the efficacy and sustainability of the 
improvements. 

The Company may be subject to further actions, including 

the imposition of consent orders or similar regulatory 
agreements or civil money penalties, by other federal regulators 
regarding similar issues, including the Company’s risk 
management policies and procedures. 

Sales Practices Matters 
As we have previously reported, in September 2016 we 
announced settlements with the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau (CFPB), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
(OCC), and the Office of the Los Angeles City Attorney, and 
entered into consent orders with the CFPB and the OCC, in 
connection with allegations that some of our retail customers 
received products and services they did not request. As a result, 
it remains our top priority to rebuild trust through a 
comprehensive action plan that includes making things right for 
our customers, team members, and other stakeholders, and 
building a better Company for the future. 

The job of rebuilding trust in Wells Fargo is a long-term 
effort – one requiring our commitment and perseverance. We 
have in place a specific action plan focused on reaching out to 
stakeholders who may have been affected by improper retail 
banking sales practices, including our communities, our 
customers, our regulators, our team members, and our 
investors. 

Our priority of rebuilding trust has included numerous 
actions focused on identifying potential financial harm and 
customer remediation. The Board and management are 
conducting company-wide reviews of sales practices issues. 
These reviews are ongoing. In August 2017, a third-party 
consulting firm completed an expanded data-driven review of 
retail banking accounts opened from January 2009 to 
September 2016 to identify financial harm stemming from 
potentially unauthorized accounts. We are providing 
customer remediation based on the expanded account 
analysis. 

For additional information regarding sales practices 

matters, including related legal matters, see the “Risk Factors” 

section and Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in 
this Report. 

Additional Efforts to Rebuild Trust 
Our priority of rebuilding trust has also included an effort to 
identify other areas or instances where customers may have 
experienced financial harm. We are working with our regulatory 
agencies in this effort. As part of this effort, we are focused on 
the following key areas: 
• 	 Automobile Lending Business  Practices concerning 
the origination, servicing, and/or collection of consumer 
automobile loans, including related insurance products. 
For example: 
 

  

In July 2017, the Company announced a plan to 
remediate customers who may have been financially 
harmed due to issues related to automobile collateral 
protection insurance (CPI) policies purchased 
through a third-party vendor on their behalf. The 
practice of placing CPI was discontinued by the 
Company on September 30, 2016. Commencing in 
August 2017, the Company began sending refund 
checks and/or letters to affected customers through 
which they may claim or otherwise receive 
remediation compensation for policies placed 
between October 15, 2005, and September 30, 2016. 
The Company currently estimates that it will provide 
approximately $145 million in cash remediation and 
$37 million in account adjustments under the plan. 
The amount of remediation may be affected as the 
Company continues to work with its regulators on 
the remediation plan. 
The Company has identified certain issues related to 
the unused portion of guaranteed automobile 
protection waiver or insurance agreements between 
the dealer and, by assignment, the lender, which may 
result in refunds to customers in certain states. 

 

• 	 Mortgage Interest Rate Lock Extensions  In October 

  

2017, the Company announced plans to reach out to all 
home lending customers who paid fees for mortgage rate 
lock extensions requested from September 16, 2013, 
through February 28, 2017, and to provide refunds, with 
interest, to customers who believe they should not have paid 
those fees. The plan to issue refunds follows an internal 
review that determined a rate lock extension policy 
implemented in September 2013 was, at times, not 
consistently applied, resulting in some borrowers being 
charged fees in cases where the Company was primarily 
responsible for the delays that made the extensions 
necessary. Effective March 1, 2017, the Company changed 
how it manages the mortgage rate lock extension process by 
establishing a centralized review team that reviews all rate 
lock extension requests for consistent application of the 
policy. Although a total of approximately $98 million in rate 
lock extension fees was assessed on approximately 110,000 
accounts during the period in question, the Company 
believes that the amount ultimately refunded likely will be 
lower because a substantial number of those fees were 
appropriately charged under its policy, not all of the fees 
assessed were actually paid, and some fees already have 
been refunded. 

• 	 Add-on Products  Practices related to certain consumer 

  

“add-on” products, including identity theft and debt 
protection products that were subject to an OCC consent 
order entered into in June 2015. Based on our ongoing 
review of “add-on” products across the Company, we 

Wells Fargo & Company 

39 

Overview (continued) 

expect remediation will be required. 

   
• 	 Consumer Deposit Account Freezing/Closing 
Procedures regarding the freezing (and, in many cases, 
closing) of consumer deposit accounts after the Company 
detected suspected fraudulent activity (by third-parties 
or account holders) that affected those accounts. 

• 	 Review of Certain Activities Within Wealth and 

Investment Management  A review of certain 
activities within Wealth and Investment Management 
(WIM) being conducted by the Board, in response to 
inquiries from federal government agencies, is assessing 
whether there have been inappropriate referrals or 
recommendations, including with respect to rollovers for 
401(k) plan participants, certain alternative investments, 
or referrals of brokerage customers to the Company’s 
investment and fiduciary services business. The review is 
in its preliminary stages. 
  
Fiduciary and Custody Account Fee Calculations 
The Company is reviewing fee calculations within certain 
fiduciary and custody accounts in its investment and 
fiduciary services business, which is part of the wealth 
management business in WIM. The Company has 
determined that there have been instances of incorrect 
fees being applied to certain assets and accounts, 
resulting in overcharges. These issues include the 
incorrect set-up and maintenance in the system of record 
of the values associated with certain assets. Systems, 
operations, and account-level reviews are underway to 
determine the extent of any assets and accounts affected, 
and root cause analyses are being performed with the 
assistance of third parties. The review is in its 
preliminary stages and is focused initially on assets that 
are not publicly traded. 
Foreign Exchange Business  The Company is 
reviewing policies, practices, and procedures in its 
foreign exchange (FX) business. The Company is also 
responding to inquiries from government agencies in 
connection with their reviews of certain aspects of our 
FX business. 

• 	

• 	

To the extent issues are identified, we will continue to 

assess any customer harm and provide remediation as 
appropriate. This effort to identify other instances in which 
customers may have experienced harm is ongoing, and it is 
possible that we may identify other areas of potential concern. 
For more information, including related legal and regulatory 
risk, see the “Risk Factors” section and Note 15 (Legal Actions) 
to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Financial Performance 
In 2017, we generated $22.2 billion of net income and diluted 
earnings per common share (EPS) of $4.10, compared with 
$21.9 billion of net income and EPS of $3.99 for 2016. We grew 
average loans and deposits compared with 2016, increased our 
capital and liquidity levels, and rewarded our shareholders by 
increasing our dividend and continuing to repurchase shares of 
our common stock. Our achievements during 2017 continued to 
demonstrate the benefit of our diversified business model and 
our ability to perform well in a challenging environment. 
Noteworthy financial performance items for 2017 (compared 
with 2016) included: 
• 	

revenue of $88.4 billion, up from $88.3 billion, which 
included net interest income of $49.6 billion, up 
$1.8 billion, or 4%; 

• 	

• 	
• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

a $3.4 billion after-tax benefit, or $0.67 per share, to net 
income in 2017 from the impact of the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act 
(Tax Act) passed in December 2017. The impact included a 
tax benefit from the re-measurement of net deferred income 
tax liabilities, partially offset by the tax cost of a deemed 
repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and the 
impact of adjustments related to leveraged leases, low 
income housing investments, and tax-advantaged renewable 
energy investments. 
total loans of $956.8 billion, down 1%; 
deposit growth, with total deposits of $1.3 trillion, up 
$29.9 billion, or 2%; 
strong credit performance as our net charge-off ratio was 
31 basis points of average loans down from 37 basis points; 
nonaccrual loans of $8.0 billion, down $2.3 billion, or 23%; 
and 
returning $14.5 billion in capital to our shareholders 
through increased common stock dividends and additional 
net share repurchases. 

Table 1 presents a six year summary of selected financial 

data and Table 2 presents selected ratios and per common share 
data. 

Balance Sheet and Liquidity 
Our balance sheet grew 1% in 2017 to $2.0 trillion, as we 
increased our liquidity position, held more capital and continued 
to experience solid credit quality. Cash and other short-term 
investments increased $9.2 billion from December 31, 2016, 
reflecting lower loan balances and growth in deposits. 
Investment securities grew $8.5 billion, or 2%, from 
December 31, 2016. Our loan portfolio declined $10.8 billion 
from December 31, 2016. Growth in commercial and industrial 
and real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loans was more than 
offset by declines in commercial real estate mortgage, real estate 
1-4 family junior lien mortgage and automobile loans. 

Deposits at December 31, 2017, were up $29.9 billion, or 

2%, from 2016. This increase reflected growth across our 
commercial, consumer and small business banking deposits. Our 
average deposit cost increased 12 basis points from a year ago 
driven by an increase in commercial and wealth and investment 
management deposit rates. 

 

Credit Quality 
Credit quality remained solid in 2017, driven by continued 
strong performance in the commercial and consumer real estate 
portfolios. Performance in several of our commercial and 
consumer loan portfolios remained near historically low loss 
levels and reflected our long-term risk focus. Net charge-offs of 
$2.9 billion were 0.31% of average loans, compared with 
$3.5 billion and 0.37%, respectively, from a year ago. Net losses 
in our commercial portfolio were $446 million, or 9 basis points 
of average loans, in 2017, compared with $1.1 billion, or 22 basis 
points, in 2016. Our commercial real estate portfolios were in a 
net recovery position for each quarter of the last five years, 
reflecting our conservative risk discipline and improved market 
conditions. 

Net consumer losses increased to 55 basis points in 2017 

from 53 basis points in 2016. Losses on our consumer real estate 
portfolios declined $343 million to a net recovery position from 
a year ago. The consumer loss levels reflected increased losses in 
our credit card, automobile, and other revolving and installment 
loan portfolios, partially offset by the benefit of the improving 
housing market and our continued focus on originating high 
quality loans. As of December 31, 2017, approximately 79% of 

40 

Wells Fargo & Company 

our real estate 1-4 family first lien mortgage portfolio was 
originated after 2008, when new underwriting standards were 
implemented. 

The allowance for credit losses of $12.0 billion at 

December 31, 2017, was down $580 million compared with the 
prior year. Our provision for credit losses in 2017 was 
$2.5 billion compared with $3.8 billion a year ago reflecting a 
release of $400 million in the allowance for credit losses, 
compared with a build of $250 million in 2016. The build in 
2016 was primarily due to deterioration in the oil and gas 
portfolio, while the release in 2017 was due to strong underlying 
credit performance. 

Nonperforming assets (NPAs) at the end of 2017 were down 

$2.7 billion, or 24%, from the end of 2016. Nonaccrual loans 
declined $2.3 billion from the prior year end while foreclosed 
assets were down $336 million from 2016. 

Capital 
Our capital levels remained strong in 2017 with total equity 
increasing to $208.1 billion at December 31, 2017, up 
$7.6 billion from the prior year. We returned $14.5 billion to 
shareholders in 2017 ($12.5 billion in 2016) through common 
stock dividends and net share repurchases, and our net payout 

 
Table 1:  Six-Year Summary of Selected Financial Data 

  

ratio (which is the ratio of (i) common stock dividends and share 
repurchases less issuances and stock compensation-related 
items, divided by (ii) net income applicable to common stock) 
was 70%. During 2017 we increased our quarterly common stock 
dividend from $0.38 to $0.39 per share. Our common shares 
outstanding declined by 124.5 million shares as we continued to 
reduce our common share count through the repurchase of 
196.5 million common shares during the year. We entered into a 
$1 billion forward repurchase contract with an unrelated third 
party in January 2018 that settled in February 2018 for 
15.7 million shares. We also entered into a $600 million forward 
repurchase contract with an unrelated third party in February 
2018 that is expected to settle in second quarter 2018 for 
approximately 11 million shares. We expect our share count to 
continue to decline in 2018 as a result of anticipated net share 
repurchases. 

We believe an important measure of our capital strength is 

the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio on a fully phased-in basis, which 
was 11.98% as of December 31, 2017, compared with 10.77% a 
year ago. Likewise, our other regulatory capital ratios remained 
strong. See the “Capital Management” section in this Report for 
more information regarding our capital, including the 
calculation of our regulatory capital amounts. 

(in millions, except per share 

amounts) 

Income statement 
Net interest income 
Noninterest income 

Revenue 

Provision for credit losses 
Noninterest expense 
Net income before noncontrolling 

interests 

Less: Net income from 

noncontrolling interests 

Wells Fargo net income 
Earnings per common share 
Diluted earnings per common share 
Dividends declared per common 

share 

Balance sheet (at year end) 
Investment securities 
Loans 
Allowance for loan losses 
Goodwill 
Assets 
Deposits 
Long-term debt 
Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity 
Noncontrolling interests 
Total equity 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

2012 

% 
Change 
2017/ 
2016 

Five-year 
compound 
growth 
rate 

$  49,557 
38,832 

88,389 
2,528 
58,484 

47,754 
40,513 

88,267 
3,770 
52,377 

45,301 
40,756 

86,057 
2,442 
49,974 

43,527 
40,820 

84,347 
1,395 
49,037 

42,800 
40,980 

83,780 
2,309 
48,842 

43,230 
42,856 

86,086 
7,217 
50,398 

4% 
(4) 

— 
(33) 
12 

22,460 

22,045 

23,276 

23,608 

22,224 

19,368 

2 

277 

22,183 
4.14 
4.10 

107 

21,938 
4.03 
3.99 

382 

22,894 
4.18 
4.12 

551 

23,057 
4.17 
4.10 

346 

21,878 
3.95 
3.89 

18,897 
3.40 
3.36 

471 

159 

1.540 

1.515 

1.475 

1.350 

1.150 

0.880 

$  416,420 
956,770 
11,004 
26,587 
1,951,757 
1,335,991 
225,020 
206,936 
1,143 
208,079 

407,947 
967,604 
11,419 
26,693 
1,930,115 
1,306,079 
255,077 
199,581 
916 
200,497 

347,555 
916,559 
11,545 
25,529 
1,787,632 
1,223,312 
199,536 
192,998 
893 
193,891 

312,925 
862,551 
12,319 
25,705 
1,687,155 
1,168,310 
183,943 
184,394 
868 
185,262 

264,353 
822,286 
14,502 
25,637 
1,523,502 
1,079,177 
152,998 
170,142 
866 
171,008 

235,199 
798,351 
17,060 
25,637 
1,421,746 
1,002,835 
127,379 
157,554 
1,357 
158,911 

1 
3 
3 

2 

2% 
(1) 
(4) 
— 
1 
2 
(12) 
4 
25 
4 

3 
(2) 

1 
(19) 
3 

3 

(10) 

3 
4 
4 

12 

12 
4 
(8) 
1 
7 
6 
12 
6 
(3) 
6 

Wells Fargo & Company 

41 

Overview (continued) 

 
Table 2:  Ratios and Per Common Share Data 

  

Profitability ratios 
Wells Fargo net income to average assets (ROA) 
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average Wells Fargo common 

stockholders’ equity (ROE) 

Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE) (1) 
Efficiency ratio (2) 
Capital ratios (3) 
At year end: 

Wells Fargo common stockholders’ equity to assets 
Total equity to assets 
Risk-based capital (4): 
Common Equity Tier 1 
Tier 1 capital 
Total capital 
Tier 1 leverage 

Average balances: 

Average Wells Fargo common stockholders’ equity to average assets 
Average total equity to average assets 

Per common share data 

Dividend payout (5) 
Book value (6) 
Market price (7) 

High 
Low 
Year end 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

1.15% 

11.35 
13.55 
66.2 

9.38 
10.66 

12.28 
14.14 
17.46 
9.35 

9.37 
10.64 

37.6 
37.44 

62.24 
49.28 
60.67 

$ 

1.16 

11.49 
13.85 
59.3 

9.14 
10.39 

11.13 
12.82 
16.04 
8.95 

9.40 
10.64 

38.0 
35.18 

58.02 
43.55 
55.11 

1.31 

12.60 
15.17 
58.1 

9.62 
10.85 

11.07 
12.63 
15.45 
9.37 

9.78 
10.99 

35.8 
33.78 

58.77 
47.75 
54.36 

(1) 	 Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling interests, and goodwill and certain identifiable 

intangible assets (including goodwill and intangible assets associated with certain of our nonmarketable equity investments but excluding mortgage servicing rights), net of 
applicable deferred taxes. The methodology of determining tangible common equity may differ among companies. Management believes that return on average tangible 
common equity, which utilizes tangible common equity, is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's use of equity. For 
additional information, including a corresponding reconciliation to GAAP financial measures, see the “Capital Management – Tangible Common Equity” section in this Report. 

(2) 	 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 
(3) 	 See the “Capital Management” section and Note 27 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 
(4) 	 The risk-based capital ratios presented at December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were calculated under the lower of Standardized or Advanced Approach determined 

pursuant to Basel III with Transition Requirements. The risk-based capital ratios were all lower under the Standardized Approach at December 31, 2017. The total capital 
ratio was lower under the Advanced Approach and the other ratios were lower under the Standardized Approach at both December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

(5) 	 Dividend payout ratio is dividends declared per common share as a percentage of diluted earnings per common share. 
(6) 	 Book value per common share is common stockholders’ equity divided by common shares outstanding. 
(7) 	 Based on daily prices reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Reporting System. 

 
noninterest income. In 2017, net interest income of $49.6 billion 
represented 56% of revenue, compared with $47.8 billion (54%) 
in 2016 and $45.3 billion (53%) in 2015. Table 3 presents the 
components of revenue and noninterest expense as a percentage 
of revenue for year-over-year results. 

See later in this section for discussions of net interest 

income, noninterest income and noninterest expense. 

Earnings Performance 

Wells Fargo net income for 2017 was $22.2 billion ($4.10 diluted 
 
earnings per common share), compared with $21.9 billion 
 
($3.99 diluted per share) for 2016 and $22.9 billion 
($4.12 diluted per share) for 2015. Our financial performance in 
2017 benefited from a $1.8 billion increase in net interest 
income, a $1.2 billion decrease in our provision for credit losses, 
and a $5.2 billion decrease in income tax expense (of which 
$3.7 billion resulted from the net benefit of adjustments due to 
the Tax Act), partially offset by a $1.7 billion decrease in 
noninterest income and a $6.1 billion increase in noninterest 
expense. 

Revenue, the sum of net interest income and noninterest 

 
income, was $88.4 billion in 2017, compared with $88.3 billion 
in 2016 and $86.1 billion in 2015. The increase in revenue for 
2017 compared with 2016 was predominantly due to an increase 
in net interest income, reflecting increases in interest income 
from loans, trading assets and investment securities, partially 
offset by higher long-term debt and deposit interest expense. 
Our diversified sources of revenue generated by our businesses 
continued to be balanced between net interest income and 

42 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 3:  Net Interest Income, Noninterest Income and Noninterest Expense as a Percentage of Revenue 

  

(in millions) 

Interest income (on a taxable-equivalent basis) 
Trading assets 
Investment securities 
Mortgages held for sale (MHFS) 
Loans held for sale (LHFS) 
Loans 
Other interest income 

Total interest income (on a taxable-equivalent basis) 

Interest expense (on a taxable-equivalent basis) 
Deposits 
Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other interest expense 

Total interest expense (on a taxable-equivalent basis) 

Net interest income (on a taxable-equivalent basis) 

Taxable-equivalent adjustment 

Net interest income (A) 
Noninterest income 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees (1) 
Card fees 
Other fees (1) 
Mortgage banking (1) 
Insurance 
Net gains from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Lease income 
Other 

Total noninterest income (B) 

Noninterest expense 
Salaries 
Commission and incentive compensation 
Employee benefits 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Operating losses 
Outside professional services 
Other (2) 

Total noninterest expense 

Revenue (A) + (B) 

2017 

% of 
revenue 

2016 

% of 
revenue 

Year ended December 31, 
% of 
revenue 

2015 

$ 

$ 

2,982 
11,768 
786 
12 
41,551 
3,134 

60,233 

3,013 
761 
5,157 
424 

9,355 

50,878 

(1,321) 

49,557 

5,111 
14,495 
3,960 
3,557 
4,350 
1,049 
1,053 
479 
1,268 
1,907 
1,603 

38,832 

17,363 
10,442 
5,566 
2,237 
2,849 
1,152 
1,287 
5,492 
3,813 
8,283 

58,484 

88,389 

3%  $ 

13 
1 
— 
47 
4 

68 

3 
1 
6 
— 

11 

57 

(1) 

56 

6 
16 
4 
4 
5 
1 
1 
1 
1 
2 
2 

44 

20 
12 
6 
3 
3 
1 
1 
6 
4 
9 

66 

2,553 
10,316 
784 
9 
39,630 
1,614 

54,906 

1,395 
333 
3,830 
354 

5,912 

48,994 

(1,240) 

47,754 

5,372 
14,243 
3,936 
3,727 
6,096 
1,268 
834 
942 
879 
1,927 
1,289 

40,513 

16,552 
10,247 
5,094 
2,154 
2,855 
1,192 
1,168 
1,608 
3,138 
8,369 

52,377 

3%  $ 

11% 

1 
— 
45 
2 

62 

2 
— 
5 
— 

7 

55 

(1) 

54 

6 
16 
5 
4 
7 
2 
1 
1 
1 
2 
1 

46 

19 
12 
6 
2 
3 
1 
1 
2 
4 
9 

59 

2,010 
9,906 
785 
19 
36,663 
990 

50,373 

963 
64 
2,592 
357 

3,976 

46,397 

(1,096) 

45,301 

5,168 
14,468 
3,720 
4,324 
6,501 
1,694 
614 
952 
2,230 
621 
464 

40,756 

15,883 
10,352 
4,446 
2,063 
2,886 
1,246 
973 
1,871 
2,665 
7,589 

49,974 

2% 

12 
1 
— 
43 
1 

59 

1 
— 
4 
— 

5 

54 

(1) 

53 

6 
16 
4 
5 
7 
2 
1 
1 
3 
1 
1 

47 

19 
12 
5 
2 
3 
1 
1 
2 
3 
10 

58 

$ 

88,267 

$ 

86,057 

(1)  See Table 7 – Noninterest Income in this Report for additional detail. 
(2)  See Table 8 – Noninterest Expense in this Report for additional detail. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

43 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Net Interest Income 
Net interest income is the interest earned on debt securities, 
loans (including yield-related loan fees) and other interest-
earning assets minus the interest paid on deposits, short-term 
borrowings and long-term debt. The net interest margin is the 
average yield on earning assets minus the average interest rate 
paid for deposits and our other sources of funding. Net interest 
income and the net interest margin are presented on a taxable-
equivalent basis in Table 5 to consistently reflect income from 
taxable and tax-exempt loans and securities based on a 35% 
federal statutory tax rate. 

While the Company believes that it has the ability to 

increase net interest income over time, net interest income and 
the net interest margin in any one period can be significantly 
affected by a variety of factors including the mix and overall size 
of our earning assets portfolio and the cost of funding those 
assets. In addition, some variable sources of interest income, 
such as resolutions from purchased credit-impaired (PCI) loans, 
loan fees and collection of interest on nonaccrual loans, can vary 
from period to period. Net interest income and net interest 
margin growth has been challenged during the prolonged low 
interest rate environment as higher yielding loans and securities 
have run off and have been replaced with lower yielding assets. 

Net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis was 

$50.9 billion in 2017, compared with $49.0 billion in 2016, and 
$46.4 billion in 2015. The net interest margin was 2.87% in 
2017, up 1 basis point from 2.86% in 2016, and down 9 basis 
points from 2.95% in 2015. The increase in net interest income 
for 2017, compared with 2016, was driven by growth in earning 
assets and the benefit of higher interest rates, partially offset by 
growth and repricing of long-term debt. Deposit interest expense 
was also higher, largely due to an increase in Wholesale and 
Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) deposit pricing 
resulting from higher interest rates. 

The slight increase in net interest margin in 2017, compared 

with 2016, was due to repricing benefits of earning assets from 
higher interest rates exceeding the repricing costs of deposits 
and market based funding sources. 

Table 4 presents the components of earning assets and 

funding sources as a percentage of earning assets to provide a 
more meaningful analysis of year-over-year changes that 
influenced net interest income. 

Average earning assets increased $62.2 billion in 2017 from 

a year ago, as average loans increased $6.2 billion, average 
investment securities increased $50.4 billion, and average 
trading assets increased $13.3 billion in 2017, compared with a 
year ago. In addition, average federal funds sold and other short-
term investments decreased $11.2 billion in 2017, compared with 
a year ago. 

Deposits are an important low-cost source of funding and 

affect both net interest income and the net interest margin. 
Deposits include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing 
checking, market rate and other savings, savings certificates, 
other time deposits, and deposits in foreign offices. Average 
deposits increased to $1.30 trillion in 2017, compared with 
$1.25 trillion in 2016, and represented 136% of average loans 
compared with 132% a year ago. Average deposits were 74% of 
average earning assets in 2017, compared with 73% a year ago. 
Table 5 presents the individual components of net interest 

income and the net interest margin. The effect on interest 
income and costs of earning asset and funding mix changes 
described above, combined with rate changes during 2017, are 
analyzed in Table 6. 

44 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 4:  Average Earning Assets and Funding Sources as a Percentage of Average Earning Assets 

  

(in millions) 
Earning assets 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term investments 
Trading assets 
Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential and commercial 

Other debt and equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Total investment securities 

Mortgages held for sale (1) 
Loans held for sale (1) 
Loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial – U.S. 
Commercial and industrial – Non U.S. 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 
Total loans (1) 

Other 

Total earning assets 

Funding sources 
Deposits: 

Interest-bearing checking 
Market rate and other savings 
Savings certificates 
Other time deposits 
Deposits in foreign offices 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other liabilities 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

Portion of noninterest-bearing funding sources 

Total funding sources 
Noninterest-earning assets 
Cash and due from banks 
Goodwill 
Other 

Total noninterest-earning assets 
Noninterest-bearing funding sources 
Deposits 
Other liabilities 
Total equity 
Noninterest-bearing funding sources used to fund earning assets 

Net noninterest-bearing funding sources 

Total assets 

(1)  Nonaccrual loans are included in their respective loan categories. 

Average 
balance 

2017 
% of 
earning 
assets 

16% 

$ 

6 

1 
3 

8 
1 
3 
16 

3 
— 
4 
— 
7 
23 
1 
— 

15 
3 
8 
1 
1 
28 

16 
3 
2 
3 
2 
26 
54 
— 

100% 

$ 

3% 

$ 

39 
1 
3 
7 
53 
6 
14 
1 
74 
26 

100% 

$ 

$ 

276,561 
101,716 

15,966 
52,658 

145,310 
11,839 
49,193 
274,966 

44,705 
6,268 
78,330 
2,194 
131,497 
406,463 
20,780 
147 

272,034 
57,198 
129,990 
24,813 
19,128 
503,163 

277,751 
42,780 
35,600 
57,900 
38,935 
452,966 
956,129 
11,445 
1,773,241 

49,474 
682,053 
22,190 
61,625 
123,816 
939,158 
98,922 
246,195 
21,872 
1,306,147 
467,094 
1,773,241 

18,622 
26,629 
114,513 
159,764 

365,464 
55,740 
205,654 
(467,094) 
159,764 
1,933,005 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
$ 

Year ended December 31, 
2016 
% of 
earning 
assets 

Average 
balance 

287,718 
88,400 

17% 
5 

2 
3 

7 
1 
3 
16 

3 
— 
2 
— 
5 
21 
1 
— 

16 
3 
8 
1 
1 
29 

16 
3 
2 
4 
2 
27 
56 
— 

100% 

2% 
39 
2 
3 
6 
52 
7 
14 
1 
74 
26 

100% 

29,418 
52,959 

110,637 
18,725 
53,433 
265,172 

44,675 
2,893 
39,330 
4,043 
90,941 
356,113 
22,412 
218 

268,182 
51,601 
127,232 
23,197 
17,950 
488,162 

276,712 
49,735 
34,178 
61,566 
39,607 
461,798 
949,960 
6,262 
1,711,083 

42,379 
663,557 
25,912 
55,846 
103,206 
890,900 
115,187 
239,471 
16,702 
1,262,260 
448,823 
1,711,083 

18,617 
26,700 
129,041 
174,358 

359,666 
62,825 
200,690 
(448,823) 
174,358 
1,885,441 

Wells Fargo & Company 

45 

Earnings Performance (continued)
 

 
Table 5:  Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid (Taxable-Equivalent Basis) (1)(2)
 

  

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2017	 
Interest 
income/ 
expense 

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2016 
Interest 
income/
expense 

$ 

276,561 
101,716 

1.05%  $ 
2.93 

2,897 
2,982 

(in millions) 
Earning assets 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under 

resale agreements and other short-term investments 

Trading assets 
Investment securities (3): 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential and commercial 

Other debt and equity securities	 

Total available-for-sale securities	 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities 

Held-to-maturity securities	 

Total investment securities	 

Mortgages held for sale (4) 
Loans held for sale (4) 
Loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial – U.S. 
Commercial and industrial – non U.S. 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer	 
Total loans (4)	 

Other	 

Total earning assets	 

Funding sources 
Deposits: 

Interest-bearing checking 
Market rate and other savings 
Savings certificates 
Other time deposits 
Deposits in foreign offices 

Total interest-bearing deposits	 

Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other liabilities 

Total interest-bearing liabilities	 

Portion of noninterest-bearing funding sources	 

Total funding sources	 

Net interest margin and net interest income on a taxable-

equivalent basis (5) 

 

Noninterest-earning assets 
Cash and due from banks 
Goodwill 
Other 

Total noninterest-earning assets 

Noninterest-bearing funding sources 
Deposits 
Other liabilities 
Total equity 
Noninterest-bearing funding sources used to fund earning assets 

Net noninterest-bearing funding sources 

Total assets 

15,966 
52,658 

145,310 
11,839 
49,193 
274,966 

44,705 
6,268 
78,330 
2,194 
131,497 
406,463 
20,780 
147 

272,034 
57,198 
129,990 
24,813 
19,128 
503,163 

277,751 
42,780 
35,600 
57,900 
38,935 
452,966 
956,129 
11,445 
$  1,773,241 

$ 

49,474 
682,053 
22,190 
61,625 
123,816 
939,158 
98,922 
246,195 
21,872 
1,306,147 
467,094 
$  1,773,241 

$ 

$ 

18,622 
26,629 
114,513 
159,764	 

$ 

365,464 
55,740 
205,654 
(467,094) 
$ 
159,764	 
$  1,933,005	 

1.49 
3.95 

2.60 
5.33 
3.73 
3.12 

2.19 
5.32 
2.34 
2.50 
2.43 
2.90 
3.78 
8.38 

3.75 
2.86 
3.74 
4.10 
3.74 
3.66 

4.03 
4.82 
12.23 
5.34 
6.18 
5.11 
4.35 
2.06 
3.40%  $ 

0.49%  $ 
0.14 
0.30 
1.43 
0.68 
0.32 
0.77 
2.09 
1.94 
0.72 
— 
0.53 

239 
2,082 

3,782 
631 
1,834 
8,568 

979 
334 
1,832 
55 
3,200 
11,768 
786 
12 

10,196 
1,639 
4,859 
1,017 
715 
18,426 

11,206 
2,062 
4,355 
3,094 
2,408 
23,125 
41,551 
237 
60,233 

242 
983 
67 
880 
841 
3,013 
761 
5,157 
424 
9,355 
— 
9,355 

287,718 
88,400 

29,418 
52,959 

110,637 
18,725 
53,433 
265,172 

44,675 
2,893 
39,330 
4,043 
90,941 
356,113 
22,412 
218 

268,182 
51,601 
127,232 
23,197 
17,950 
488,162 

276,712 
49,735 
34,178 
61,566 
39,607 
461,798 
949,960 
6,262 
1,711,083 

42,379 
663,557 
25,912 
55,846 
103,206 
890,900 
115,187 
239,471 
16,702 
1,262,260 
448,823 
1,711,083 

0.51%  $ 
2.89 

1.56 
4.20 

2.50 
5.49 
3.44 
3.14 

2.19 
5.32 
2.00 
2.01 
2.20 
2.90 
3.50 
4.01 

3.45 
2.36 
3.44 
3.55 
5.10 
3.39 

4.01 
4.39 
11.62 
5.62 
5.93 
4.99 
4.17 
2.51 
3.21%  $ 

0.14%  $ 
0.07 
0.35 
0.91 
0.28 
0.16 
0.29 
1.60 
2.12 
0.47 
— 
0.35 

1,457 
2,553 

457 
2,225 

2,764 
1,029 
1,841 
8,316 

979 
154 
786 
81 
2,000 
10,316 
784 
9 

9,243 
1,219 
4,371 
824 
916 
16,573 

11,096 
2,183 
3,970 
3,458 
2,350 
23,057 
39,630 
157 
54,906 

60 
449 
91 
508 
287 
1,395 
333 
3,830 
354 
5,912 
— 
5,912 

2.87%  $ 

50,878 

2.86%  $ 

48,994 

18,617 
26,700 
129,041 
174,358 

359,666 
62,825 
200,690 
(448,823) 
174,358 
1,885,441 

(1) 	 Our average prime rate was 4.10% for the year ended December 31, 2017, 3.51% for the year ended December 31, 2016, 3.26% for the year ended December 31, 2015, 
and 3.25% for the years ended December 31, 2014, and 2013 . The average three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) was 1.26%, 0.74%, 0.32%, 0.23%, and 
0.27% for the same years, respectively. 

 

 

 

 

(2) 	 Yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories. 

46 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2015 
Interest 
income/ 
expense 

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2014 
Interest 
income/ 
expense 

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2013 
Interest 
income/ 
expense 

$ 

266,832 
66,679 

0.28%  $ 
3.01 

738 
2,010 

505 
2,007 

2,733 
1,289 
1,701 
8,235 

968 
113 
489 
101 
1,671 
9,906 
785 
19 

7,836 
877 
3,984 
749 
577 
14,023 

11,002 
2,391 
3,664 
3,374 
2,209 
22,640 
36,663 
252 
50,373 

20 
367 
201 
232 
143 
963 
64 
2,592 
357 
3,976 
— 
3,976 

241,282 
55,140 

10,400 
43,138 

114,076 
26,475 
47,488 
241,577 

17,239 
246 
5,921 
5,913 
29,319 
270,896 
19,018 
4,226 

204,819 
42,661 
112,710 
17,676 
12,257 
390,123 

261,620 
62,510 
27,491 
53,854 
38,834 
444,309 
834,432 
4,673 
1,429,667 

39,729 
585,854 
38,111 
51,434 
95,889 
811,017 
60,111 
167,420 
14,401 
1,052,949 
376,718 
1,429,667 

0.28%  $ 
3.10 

1.64 
4.29 

2.84 
6.03 
3.66 
3.56 

2.23 
4.93 
2.55 
1.85 
2.24 
3.42 
4.03 
1.85 

3.35 
2.03 
3.64 
4.21 
5.63 
3.40 

$ 

$ 

4.19 
4.30 
11.98 
6.27 
5.48 
5.05 
4.28 
5.54 
3.39% 

0.07% 
0.07 
0.85 
0.40 
0.14 
0.14 
0.10 
1.49 
2.65 
0.38 
— 
0.28 

673 
1,712 

171 
1,852 

3,235 
1,597 
1,741 
8,596 

385 
12 
151 
109 
657 
9,253 
767 
78 

6,869 
867 
4,100 
744 
690 
13,270 

10,961 
2,686 
3,294 
3,377 
2,127 
22,445 
35,715 
259 
48,457 

26 
403 
323 
207 
137 
1,096 
62 
2,488 
382 
4,028 
— 
4,028 

154,902 
44,745 

6,750 
39,922 

107,148 
30,717 
55,002 
239,539 

— 
— 
701 
16 
717 
240,256 
35,273 
163 

185,813 
40,987 
107,316 
16,537 
12,373 
363,026 

254,012 
70,264 
24,757 
48,476 
42,135 
439,644 
802,670 
4,354 
1,282,363 

35,570 
550,394 
49,510 
28,090 
76,894 
740,458 
54,716 
134,937 
12,471 
942,582 
339,781 
1,282,363 

0.32%  $ 
3.14 

1.66 
4.38 

2.83 
6.47 
3.53 
3.68 

— 
— 
3.09 
1.99 
3.06 
3.68 
3.66 
7.95 

3.66 
2.03 
3.94 
4.76 
6.10 
3.70 

$ 

$ 

4.22 
4.29 
12.46 
6.94 
4.80 
5.05 
4.44 
5.39 
3.73% 

0.06% 
0.08 
1.13 
0.69 
0.15 
0.18 
0.13 
1.92 
2.46 
0.46 
— 
0.33 

489 
1,406 

112 
1,748 

3,031 
1,988 
1,940 
8,819 

— 
— 
22 
— 
22 
8,841 
1,290 
13 

6,807 
832 
4,233 
787 
755 
13,414 

10,717 
3,014 
3,084 
3,365 
2,024 
22,204 
35,618 
235 
47,892 

22 
450 
559 
194 
112 
1,337 
71 
2,585 
307 
4,300 
— 
4,300 

1.58 
4.23 

2.73 
5.73 
3.42 
3.27 

2.19 
5.40 
2.23 
1.73 
2.26 
3.04 
3.63 
3.25 

3.29 
1.90 
3.41 
3.57 
4.70 
3.23 

$ 

$ 

4.10 
4.25 
11.70 
5.84 
5.89 
5.02 
4.14 
5.11 
3.20% 

0.05% 
0.06 
0.63 
0.45 
0.13 
0.11 
0.07 
1.40 
2.15 
0.35 
— 
0.25 

2.95%  $ 

46,397 

3.11%  $ 

44,429 

3.40%  $ 

43,592 

16,361 
25,687 
121,634 
163,682 

303,127 
56,985 
180,288 
(376,718) 
163,682 
1,593,349 

16,272 
25,637 
121,711 
163,620 

280,229 
58,178 
164,994 
(339,781) 
163,620 
1,445,983 

32,093 
47,404 

100,218 
22,490 
49,752 
251,957 

44,173 
2,087 
21,967 
5,821 
74,048 
326,005 
21,603 
573 

237,844 
46,028 
116,893 
20,979 
12,301 
434,045 

268,560 
56,242 
31,307 
57,766 
37,512 
451,387 
885,432 
4,947 
1,572,071 

38,640 
625,549 
31,887 
51,790 
107,138 
855,004 
87,465 
185,078 
16,545 
1,144,092 
427,979 
1,572,071 

17,327 
25,673 
127,848 
170,848 

339,069 
68,174 
191,584 
(427,979) 
170,848 
1,742,919 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
$ 

(3) 
(4) 
(5) 

The average balance amounts represent amortized cost for the periods presented. 
Nonaccrual loans and related income are included in their respective loan categories. 
 
Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $1.3 billion, $1.2 billion, $1.1 billion, $902 million and $792 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 
and 2013, respectively, predominantly related to tax-exempt income on certain loans and securities. The federal statutory tax rate utilized was 35% for the periods 
presented. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

47 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Table 6 allocates the changes in net interest income on a 

taxable-equivalent basis to changes in either average balances or 
average rates for both interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. Because of the numerous simultaneous 
volume and rate changes during any period, it is not possible to 
precisely allocate such changes between volume and rate. For 

 
Table 6:  Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 

  

this table, changes that are not solely due to either volume or 
rate are allocated to these categories on a pro-rata basis based on 
the absolute value of the change due to average volume and 
average rate. 

(in millions) 

Increase (decrease) in interest income: 

Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and 

other short-term investments 

$ 

Trading assets 
Investment securities: 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential and commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

     Other debt and equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities 

  Total held-to-maturity securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans held for sale 
Loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial – U.S. 
Commercial and industrial – non U.S. 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total loans 

Other 

Total increase in interest income 

Increase (decrease) in interest expense: 
Deposits: 

Interest-bearing checking 
Market rate and other savings 
Savings certificates 
Other time deposits 
Deposits in foreign offices 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other liabilities 

         Total increase in interest expense 

Increase (decrease) in net interest income on a taxable-equivalent 

basis 

2017 over 2016 

Year ended December 31, 

2016 over 2015 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

(59) 
393 

(198) 
(13) 

902 
(369) 
533 
(154) 
168 

—
180 
893 
(43) 
1,030 
(59) 
(4) 

135 
142 
97 
59 
57 
490 

48 
(323) 
170 
(198) 
(40) 
(343) 

147 

112 

1,728 

11 
14 
(12) 
57 
68 
138 
(53) 
111 
102 
298 

1,499 
36 

(20) 
(130) 

116 
(29) 
87 
147 
84 

—
— 
153 
17 
170 
61 
7 

818 
278 
391 
134 
(258) 
1,363 

62 
202 
215 
(166) 
98 
411 

1,774 

(32) 

3,599 

171 
520 
(12) 
315 
486 
1,480 
481 
1,216 
(32) 
3,145 

1,440 
429 

(218) 
(143) 

1,018 
(398) 
620 
(7) 
252 

— 
180 
1,046 
(26) 
1,200 
2 
3 

953 
420 
488 
193 
(201) 
1,853 

110 
(121) 
385 
(364) 
58 
68 

1,921 

80 

5,327 

182 
534 
(24) 
372 
554 
1,618 
428 
1,327 
70 
3,443 

62 
626 

(42) 
232 

272 
(208) 
64 
130 
384 

11 
43 
353 
(34) 
373 
28 
(13) 

1,018 
114 
352 
79 
286 
1,849 

335 
(285) 
331 
215 
126 
722 

2,571 

56 

4,087 

2 
22 
(33) 
20 
(5) 
6 
25 
833 
3 
867 

657 
(83) 

(6) 
(14) 

(241) 
(52) 
(293) 
10 
(303) 

—
(2) 
(56) 
14 
(44) 
(29) 
3 

389 
228 
35 
(4) 
53 
701 

(241) 
77 
(25) 
(131) 
15 
(305) 

396 

(151) 

446 

38 
60 
(77) 
256 
149 
426 
244 
405 
(6) 
1,069 

719 
543 

(48) 
218 

31 
(260) 
(229)
140 
81 

11 
41 
297 
(20)
329 
(1) 
(10) 

1,407 
342 
387 
75 
339 
2,550 

94 
(208) 
306 
84 
141 
417 

2,967 

(95) 

4,533 

40 
82 
(110) 
276 
144 
432 
269 
1,238 
(3)
1,936 

$ 

1,430 

454 

1,884 

3,220 

(623) 

2,597 

48 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Noninterest Income 

Table 7:  Noninterest Income 

  

(in millions) 

Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees: 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and 

other fees 

Trust and investment management 
Investment banking 

Total trust and investment fees 

Card fees 
Other fees: 

Charges and fees on loans 
Cash network fees 
Commercial real estate 

brokerage commissions 

Letters of credit fees 
Wire transfer and other remittance fees 
All other fees (1)(2)(3) 

Total other fees 

Mortgage banking: 

Servicing income, net 
Net gains on mortgage loan 
origination/sales activities 
Total mortgage banking 

Insurance 
Net gains from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Lease income 
Life insurance investment income 
All other (3) 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

$  5,111 

2016 

5,372 

2015 

5,168 

9,358 
3,372 
1,765 
14,495 
3,960 

1,263 
506 

462 
305 
448 
573 
3,557 

9,216 
3,336 
1,691 
14,243 
3,936 

1,241 
537 

494 
321 
401 
733 
3,727 

9,435 
3,394 
1,639 
14,468 
3,720 

1,228 
522 

618 
353 
370 
1,233 
4,324 

1,427 

1,765 

2,441 

2,923 
4,350 
1,049 
1,053 
479 
1,268 
1,907 
594 
1,009 
$ 38,832 

4,331 
6,096 
1,268 
834 
942 
879 
1,927 
587 
702 
40,513 

4,060 
6,501 
1,694 
614 
952 
2,230 
621 
579 
(115) 
40,756 

(1) 	 Wire transfer and other remittance fees, reflected in all other fees prior to 

2016, have been separately disclosed. 

(2) 	 All other fees have been revised to include merchant processing fees for the 

years ended 2016 and 2015. 

(3) 	 Effective fourth quarter 2015, the Company's proportionate share of its 
merchant services joint venture earnings is included in All other income. 

Noninterest income of $38.8 billion represented 44% of revenue 
for 2017, compared with $40.5 billion, or 46%, for 2016 and 
$40.8 billion, or 47%, for 2015. The decline in noninterest 
income in 2017 compared with 2016 was predominantly driven 
by lower mortgage banking, impairments on low income housing 
credits and tax-advantaged renewable energy investments as a 
result of the Tax Act, and lower service charges on deposit 
accounts. These decreases in noninterest income were partially 
offset by growth in trust and investment fees, deferred 
compensation plan investment results (offset in employee 
benefits expense), and the net impact of our insurance services 
business divestiture in November 2017 and a gain from the sale 
of a Pick-a-Pay PCI loan portfolio. The decline in noninterest 
income in 2016 compared with 2015 was largely driven by lower 
net gains from equity investments, mortgage banking, and 
insurance income due to the divestiture of our crop insurance 
business, partially offset by growth in lease income related to the 
GE Capital business acquisitions and gains from the sale of our 
crop insurance and health benefit services businesses. For more 
information on our performance obligations and the nature of 
services performed for certain of our revenues discussed below, 
see Note 20 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

Service charges on deposit accounts were $5.1 billion in 

2017, down from $5.4 billion in 2016 due to lower consumer and 
business checking account service charges, lower overdraft fees 
driven by customer-friendly initiatives including the Overdraft 
Rewind launched in November 2017, and a higher earnings 

credit rate applied to commercial accounts due to increased 
interest rates. Service charges on deposit accounts increased 
$204 million in 2016 from 2015 due to higher overdraft fee 
revenue driven by growth in transaction volume, account growth 
and higher fees from commercial products and re-pricing. 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and other fees increased 

to $9.4 billion in 2017, from $9.2 billion in 2016, which 
decreased $219 million compared with 2015. The increase in 
these fees for 2017 was due to higher asset-based fees, partially 
offset by lower transactional commission revenue. The decrease 
in 2016 was predominantly due to lower transactional 
commission revenue. Retail brokerage client assets totaled 
$1.65 trillion at December 31, 2017, compared with $1.49 trillion 
 
and $1.39 trillion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, 
with all retail brokerage services provided by our WIM operating 
segment. For additional information on retail brokerage client 
assets, see the discussion and Tables 9d and 9e in the “Operating 
Segment Results – Wealth and Investment Management – Retail 
Brokerage Client Assets” section in this Report. 

Trust and investment management fee income is primarily 
from client assets under management (AUM), for which fees are 
based on a tiered scale relative to market value of the assets, and 
client assets under administration (AUA), for which fees are 
generally based on the extent of services to administer the assets. 
Trust and investment management fees of $3.4 billion in 2017 
 
were relatively stable compared with 2016. Trust and investment 
management fees of $3.3 billion in 2016 decreased $58 million 
compared with 2015, due to a shift of assets into lower yielding 
products. Our AUM totaled $690.3 billion at December 31, 2017, 
compared with $652.2 billion and $653.4 billion at 
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with substantially all 
of our AUM managed by our WIM operating segment. 
Additional information regarding our WIM operating segment 
AUM is provided in Table 9f and the related discussion in the 
“Operating Segment Results – Wealth and Investment 
Management – Trust and Investment Client Assets Under 
Management” section in this Report. Our AUA totaled 
$1.7 trillion at December 31, 2017, compared with $1.6 trillion 
 
and $1.4 trillion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Investment banking fees of $1.8 billion in 2017 increased 

from $1.7 billion in 2016 due to higher equity and debt 
originations, partially offset by lower advisory fees. Investment 
banking fees in 2016 increased $52 million compared with 2015 
due to higher loan syndications and advisory fees, partially offset 
by lower equity originations. 

Card fees were $4.0 billion in 2017, compared with 

$3.9 billion in 2016 and $3.7 billion in 2015. Card fees increased 
in 2017 and 2016 predominantly due to increased purchase 
activity. 

Other fees of $3.6 billion in 2017 decreased compared with 
2016 predominantly driven by lower all other fees. Other fees in 
2016 decreased compared with 2015 predominantly driven by 
lower commercial real estate brokerage commissions and all 
other fees. All other fees were $573 million in 2017, compared 
with $733 million in 2016 and $1.2 billion in 2015. The decrease 
in all other fees in 2017 compared with 2016 was driven by lower 
fees from discontinued products and the impact of the sale of our 
global fund services business in fourth quarter 2016. The 
decrease in all other fees in 2016 compared with 2015 was 
predominantly due to the deconsolidation of our merchant 
services joint venture in fourth quarter 2015, which resulted in a 
proportionate share of that income now being reflected in all 
other income. 

Mortgage banking income, consisting of net servicing 

income and net gains on loan origination/sales activities, totaled 

Wells Fargo & Company 

49 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

$4.4 billion in 2017, compared with $6.1 billion in 2016 and 
$6.5 billion in 2015. 

In addition to servicing fees, net mortgage loan servicing 

income includes amortization of commercial mortgage servicing 
rights (MSRs), changes in the fair value of residential MSRs 
during the period, as well as changes in the value of derivatives 
(economic hedges) used to hedge the residential MSRs during 
the period. Net servicing income of $1.4 billion for 2017 included 
a $287 million net MSR valuation gain ($126 million decrease in 
the fair value of the MSRs and a $413 million hedge gain). Net 
 
servicing income of $1.8 billion for 2016 included a $826 million 
net MSR valuation gain ($565 million increase in the fair value 
of the MSRs and a $261 million hedge gain), and net servicing 
income of $2.4 billion for 2015 included a $885 million net MSR 
valuation gain ($214 million increase in the fair value of MSRs 
and a $671 million hedge gain). The decrease in net MSR 
valuation gains in 2017, compared with 2016, was largely 
attributable to lower hedge gains in 2017 and MSR valuation 
adjustments in first quarter 2016 that reflected a reduction in 
forecasted prepayments due to updated economic, customer 
data attributes and mortgage market rate inputs. The decrease in 
net MSR valuation gains in 2016, compared with 2015, 
was predominantly attributable to lower hedge gains, partially 
offset by more favorable MSR valuation adjustments in 2016 for 
servicing and foreclosure costs, net of prepayment and other 
updates. The decline in net servicing income from 2015 to 2016 
was also attributable to a reduction in net servicing fees due to a 
reduction in the portfolio of loans serviced for others as well as 
an increase in unreimbursed direct servicing costs. 

 
Our portfolio of loans serviced for others was $1.70 trillion 
at December 31, 2017, $1.68 trillion at December 31, 2016, and 
$1.78 trillion at December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2017, the 
ratio of combined residential and commercial MSRs to related 
loans serviced for others was 0.88%, compared with 0.85% at 
December 31, 2016, and 0.77% at December 31, 2015. See the 
“Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage 
Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk” section in this Report 
for additional information regarding our MSRs risks and 
hedging approach. 

Net gains on mortgage loan origination/sales activities was 

$2.9 billion in 2017, compared with $4.3 billion in 2016 and 
 
$4.1 billion in 2015. The decrease in 2017 compared with 2016 
was largely driven by decreased origination volumes and 
margins. The increase in 2016 from 2015 was predominantly 
driven by increased origination volumes, partially offset by lower 
margins. Mortgage loan originations were $212 billion in 2017, 
compared with $249 billion for 2016 and $213 billion for 2015. 
The production margin on residential held-for-sale mortgage 
originations, which represents net gains on residential mortgage 
loan origination/sales activities divided by total residential held-
for-sale mortgage originations, provides a measure of the 
profitability of our residential mortgage origination activity. 
Table 7a presents the information used in determining the 
production margin. 

 
Table 7a:  Selected Mortgage Production Data 

  

Year ended December 31, 
2015 

2016 

2017 

(A) 

$ 2,140 
358 

3,168 
400 

2,861 
362 

425 
$ 2,923 

763 
4,331 

837 
4,060 

$  160 
52 
$  212 

186 
63 
249 

155 
58 
213 

Net gains on mortgage 
loan origination/sales 
activities (in millions): 

Residential 
Commercial 
Residential pipeline 
and unsold/ 
repurchased loan 
management (1) 

Total 

Residential real estate 
originations (in 
billions): 

Held-for-sale 
Held-for-investment 

(B) 

Total 

Production margin on 
residential held-for­
sale mortgage 
originations 

(A)/(B) 

1.34% 

1.71 

1.84 

(1)  Predominantly includes the results of sales of modified Government National 
Mortgage Association (GNMA) loans, interest rate management activities and 
changes in estimate to the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses. 

The production margin was 1.34% for 2017, compared with 

1.71% for 2016 and 1.84% for 2015. The decrease in the 
production margin in both 2017 and 2016 was due to a shift in 
origination channel mix from retail to correspondent. Mortgage 
applications were $278 billion in 2017, compared with 
$347 billion in 2016 and $311 billion in 2015. The 1-4 family first 
mortgage unclosed pipeline was $23 billion at December 31, 
2017, compared with $30 billion at December 31, 2016, and 
$29 billion at December 31, 2015. For additional information 
about our mortgage banking activities and results, see the “Risk 
Management – Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage 
Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk” section and Note 9 
(Mortgage Banking Activities) and Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets 
and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Net gains on mortgage loan origination/sales activities 

include adjustments to the mortgage repurchase liability. 
Mortgage loans are repurchased from third parties based on 
standard representations and warranties, and early payment 
default clauses in mortgage sale contracts. For 2017, we released 
a net $39 million from the repurchase liability, compared with a 
net release of $103 million for 2016 and $159 million for 2015. 
For additional information about mortgage loan repurchases, see 
the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management – Liability for 
Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses” section and Note 9 
(Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

50 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Insurance income was $1.0 billion in 2017 compared with 

$1.3 billion in 2016 and $1.7 billion in 2015. The decrease in 
2017 and 2016 was driven by the divestiture of our crop 
insurance business in first quarter 2016. The decrease in 2017 
was also affected by the divestiture of our insurance services 
business in fourth quarter 2017. 

Net gains from trading activities, which reflect unrealized 
changes in fair value of our trading positions and realized gains 
and losses, were $1.1 billion in 2017, $834 million in 2016 and 
$614 million in 2015. The increases in 2017 and 2016, compared 
with 2016 and 2015, respectively, were predominantly driven by 
higher deferred compensation gains (offset in employee benefits 
expense). The increase in 2016 also reflected higher customer 
accommodation trading activity within our capital markets 
business driven by higher fixed income trading gains. Net gains 
from trading activities do not include interest and dividend 
income and expense on trading securities. Those amounts are 
reported within interest income from trading assets and other 
interest expense from trading liabilities. For additional 
information about trading activities, see the “Risk Management 
– Asset/Liability Management – Market Risk – Trading 
Activities” section in this Report. 

 
Net gains on debt and equity securities totaled $1.7 billion 

for 2017 and $1.8 billion and $3.2 billion for 2016 and 2015, 
respectively, after other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) 
write-downs of $606 million, $642 million and $559 million, 
respectively, for the same periods. The decrease in net gains on 
debt and equity securities in 2017 compared with 2016 was 
driven by lower net gains on debt securities, partially offset by 
higher net gains from equity investments from non-marketable 
equity investments. The decrease in net gains on debt and equity 
securities in 2016 compared with 2015 reflected lower net gains 
from equity investments as our portfolio benefited from strong 
public and private equity markets in 2015. 

Lease income of $1.9 billion in 2017 was stable compared 

with 2016. Lease income increased $1.3 billion in 2016 
compared with 2015, largely driven by the GE Capital business 
acquisitions. 

All other income was $1.0 billion for 2017 compared with 

$702 million in 2016 and $(115) million in 2015. All other 
income includes ineffectiveness recognized on derivatives that 
qualify for hedge accounting, the results of certain economic 
hedges, losses on low income housing tax credit and renewable 
energy investments, foreign currency adjustments and income 
from investments accounted for under the equity method, any of 
which can cause decreases and net losses in other income. The 
increase in other income in 2017 compared with 2016 was driven 
by a $848 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our insurance 
services business in fourth quarter 2017 and a $309 million pre­
tax gain from the sale of a Pick-a-Pay PCI loan portfolio in 
second quarter 2017, as well as the impact of the adoption of 
Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-12 – Derivatives and 
Hedging in fourth quarter 2017, partially offset by a gain from 
the sale of our crop insurance business in first quarter 2016 and 
a gain from the sale of our health benefit services business in 
second quarter 2016. All other income in 2017 also included 
$284 million of impairments on low income housing 
investments and $130 million of impairments on tax-advantaged 
renewable energy investments in each case due to the Tax Act. 
The increase in other income in 2016 compared with 2015 was 
driven by a $374 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our crop 
insurance business in first quarter 2016, a $290 million gain 
from the sale of our health benefit services business in second 
quarter 2016, and our proportionate share of earnings from a 
merchant services joint venture that was deconsolidated in 2015, 
partially offset by changes in ineffectiveness recognized on 
interest rate swaps used to hedge our exposure to interest rate 
risk on long-term debt and cross-currency swaps, cross-currency 
interest rate swaps and forward contracts used to hedge our 
exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk involving 
non-U.S. dollar denominated long-term debt. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

51 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Noninterest Expense 

 
Table 8:  Noninterest Expense 

  

(in millions) 

Salaries 
Commission and incentive 

compensation 

Employee benefits 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit 

assessments 

Operating losses 
Outside professional services 
Contract services 
Operating leases 
Outside data processing 
Travel and entertainment 
Advertising and promotion 
Postage, stationery and supplies 
Telecommunications 
Foreclosed assets 
Insurance 
All other 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$  17,363 

16,552 

15,883 

10,442 
5,566 
2,237 
2,849 
1,152 

10,247 
5,094 
2,154 
2,855 
1,192 

10,352 
4,446 
2,063 
2,886 
1,246 

1,287 
5,492 
3,813 
1,369 
1,351 
891 
687 
614 
544 
364 
251 
100 
2,112 

1,168 
1,608 
3,138 
1,203 
1,329 
888 
704 
595 
622 
383 
202 
179 
2,264 

973 
1,871 
2,665 
978 
278 
985 
692 
606 
702 
439 
381 
448 
2,080 

Total 

$  58,484 

52,377 

49,974 

Noninterest expense was $58.5 billion in 2017, up 12% from 
$52.4 billion in 2016, which was up 5% from $50.0 billion in 
2015. The increase in 2017, compared with 2016, was 
predominantly driven by higher operating losses, personnel 
expenses, and outside professional and contract services, 
partially offset by lower insurance and postage, stationery and 
supplies. The increase in 2016, compared with 2015, was driven 
by higher personnel expenses, operating lease expense, outside 
professional services and contract services, and FDIC and other 
deposit assessments, partially offset by lower insurance, 
operating losses, foreclosed assets expense, and outside data 
processing. 

Personnel expenses, which include salaries, commissions, 

incentive compensation and employee benefits, were up 
$1.5 billion, or 5% in 2017, compared with 2016, due to annual 
salary increases, higher deferred compensation costs (offset in 
trading revenue), and higher employee benefits. Personnel 
expenses were up $1.2 billion, or 4% in 2016, compared with 
2015, due to annual salary increases, staffing growth driven by 
the GE Capital business acquisitions and investments in 
technology and risk management, higher deferred compensation 
expense (offset in trading revenue) and increased employee 
benefits. 

FDIC and other deposit assessments were up 10% in 2017, 
compared with 2016, due to an increase in deposit assessments 
as a result of a temporary surcharge which became effective on 
July 1, 2016. The FDIC expects the surcharge to end in third 
 
quarter 2018. FDIC and other deposit assessments were up 20% 
in 2016, compared with 2015, primarily due to the 
aforementioned temporary surcharge. See the “Regulation and 
Supervision” section in our 2017 Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

Operating losses were up $3.9 billion in 2017, compared 

with 2016, predominantly due to higher litigation accruals for a 
variety of matters, including mortgage-related regulatory 
investigations, sales practices, and other consumer-related 
matters. Litigation accruals in 2017 included $3.7 billion that 
were non tax-deductible. Operating losses were down 
$263 million, or 14%, in 2016 compared with 2015, 
predominantly due to lower litigation accruals for various legal 
matters. 

Outside professional services expense was up 22% and 

contract services expense was up 14% in 2017, compared with 
2016. Both increases were driven by higher project and 
technology spending on regulatory and compliance related 
initiatives, as well as higher legal expense related to sales 
practice matters. Outside professional services expense was up 
18% and contract services expense was up 23% in 2016, 
compared with 2015, driven by investments in our products, 
technology and service delivery, as well as costs to meet 
heightened regulatory expectations and cybersecurity risk. 

Operating lease expense of $1.4 billion in 2017 was 

relatively stable, compared with 2016, and was up $1.1 billion in 
2016, compared with 2015, driven by higher depreciation 
expense on the leased assets acquired from GE Capital. 

Outside data processing expense was relatively stable 

compared with 2016 and was down 10% in 2016, compared with 
2015. The decrease in 2016, compared with 2015, was due to 
lower card-related processing expense and the deconsolidation 
of our merchant services joint venture in fourth quarter 2015, 
partially offset by increased data processing expense related to 
the GE Capital business acquisitions. 

Postage, stationery and supplies expense was down 13% in 

2017, compared with 2016, due to lower mail services and 
supplies expense. Postage, stationery and supplies expense was 
down 11% in 2016, compared with 2015, driven by lower 
postage and mail services expense. 

Telecommunications expense was down 5% in 2017, 

compared with 2016, and down 13% in 2016, compared with 
2015, in each case driven by lower telephone and data rates. 

Foreclosed assets expense was up 24% in 2017, compared 
with 2016, due to lower gains on sales of foreclosed properties, 
partially offset by lower operating expenses. Foreclosed assets 
expense was down 47% in 2016, compared with 2015, driven by 
lower operating expense and write-downs, partially offset by 
lower gains on sales of foreclosed properties. 

Insurance expense was down 44% in 2017, compared with 

2016, predominantly driven by the sale of our crop insurance 
 
business in first quarter 2016. Insurance expense was down 60% 
in 2016, compared with 2015, due to the sale of our crop 
insurance business in first quarter 2016 and the sale of our 
Warranty Solutions business in third quarter 2015. 

All other noninterest expense was down 7% in 2017, 

compared with 2016, due to lower insurance premium payments 
and higher gains on the sale of a corporate property, partially 
offset by higher charitable donations expense. All other 
noninterest expense was up 9% in 2016, compared with 2015, 
driven by higher insurance premium payments. All other 
noninterest expense in 2017 included a $199 million 
contribution to the Wells Fargo Foundation, compared with a 
$107 million contribution in 2016. 

Our full year 2017 efficiency ratio was 66.2%, compared 

with 59.3% in 2016 and 58.1% in 2015. 

52 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Income Tax Expense 
The 2017 annual effective income tax rate was 18.1%, compared 
with 31.5% in 2016 and 31.2% in 2015. The effective income tax 
rate for 2017 reflected the estimated impact of the Tax Act, 
including a benefit of $3.89 billion resulting from the re-
measurement of the Company's estimated net deferred tax 
liability as of December 31, 2017, partially offset by $173 million 
of tax expense relating to the estimated tax impact of the deemed 
repatriation of the Company's previously undistributed foreign 
earnings. The benefit of the Tax Act on the effective income tax 
rate in 2017 was partially offset by $1.3 billion relating to the tax 
effect of discrete non tax-deductible items (predominantly 
litigation accruals). For 2017, we were able to make reasonable 
estimates and record provisional amounts related to the impacts 
of the Tax Act. We will complete these calculations during 2018 
as we finalize our tax filings for 2017 and finalize our analysis of 
the Tax Act and applicable interpretive guidance issued by 
federal and state tax authorities. The effective income tax rate for 
2016 reflected a net benefit from the reduction to the reserve for 
uncertain tax positions resulting from settlements with tax 
authorities and a net increase in tax benefits related to tax credit 
investments. The effective income tax rate for 2015 included net 
reductions in reserves for uncertain tax positions primarily due 
to audit resolutions of prior period matters with U.S. federal and 
state taxing authorities. See Note 22 (Income Taxes) to Financial 
Statements in this Report for additional information about our 
income taxes. 

Table 9:  Operating Segment Results – Highlights 
 

  

Operating Segment Results 
 
We are organized for management reporting purposes into three 
operating segments: Community Banking; Wholesale Banking; 
and WIM. These segments are defined by product type and 
customer segment and their results are based on our 
management accounting process, for which there is no 
comprehensive, authoritative financial accounting guidance 
equivalent to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
Commencing in second quarter 2016, operating segment results 
reflect a shift in expenses between the personnel and other 
expense categories as a result of the movement of support staff 
from the Wholesale Banking and WIM segments into a 
consolidated organization within the Community Banking 
segment. Since then, personnel expenses associated with the 
transferred support staff have been allocated from Community 
Banking back to the Wholesale Banking and WIM segments 
through other expense. Table 9 and the following discussion 
present our results by operating segment. For additional 
description of our operating segments, including additional 
financial information and the underlying management 
accounting process, see Note 25 (Operating Segments) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

(in millions, except average balances which are in billions) 
2017 
Revenue 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Net income (loss) 

Average loans 
Average deposits 

2016 
Revenue 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Net income (loss) 

Average loans 
Average deposits 

2015 
Revenue 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Net income (loss) 

Average loans 
Average deposits 

Community 
Banking 

Wholesale 

Wealth and 
Investment 
Banking  Management 

Year ended December 31, 

Other (1) 

Consolidated 
Company 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

48,707 
2,555 
12,071 

476.7 
729.3 

48,866 
2,691 
12,435 

486.9 
701.2 

49,341 
2,427 
13,491 

475.9 
654.4 

28,173 
(19) 
8,699 

464.6 
464.5 

28,542 
1,073 
8,235 

449.3 
438.6 

25,904 
27 
8,194 

397.3 
438.9 

16,926 
(5) 
2,674 

71.9 
189.0 

15,946 
(5) 
2,426 

67.3 
187.8 

15,777 
(25) 
2,316 

60.1 
172.3 

(5,417) 
(3) 
(1,261) 

(57.1) 
(78.2) 

(5,087) 
11 
(1,158) 

(53.5) 
(77.0) 

(4,965) 
13 
(1,107) 

(47.9) 
(71.5) 

88,389 
2,528 
22,183 

956.1
 
1,304.6
 

88,267 
3,770 
21,938 

950.0
 
1,250.6
 

86,057 
2,442 
22,894 

885.4
 
1,194.1
 

(1) 

Includes the elimination of certain items that are included in more than one business segment, most of which represents products and services for WIM customers served 
through Community Banking distribution channels. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

53 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Community Banking offers a complete line of diversified 
financial products and services for consumers and small 
businesses including checking and savings accounts, credit and 
debit cards, and automobile, student, mortgage, home equity 
and small business lending, as well as referrals to Wholesale 
Banking and WIM business partners. The Community Banking 
segment also includes the results of our Corporate Treasury 
activities net of allocations (including funds transfer pricing, 

Table 9a:  Community Banking 

  

capital, liquidity and certain corporate expenses) in support of 
other segments and results of investments in our affiliated 
venture capital partnerships. We announced on November 28, 
2017, that we will exit the personal insurance business, and we 
have begun winding down activities and ceased offering personal 
insurance products, effective February 1, 2018. Table 9a provides 
additional financial information for Community Banking. 

(in millions, except average balances which are in billions) 

2017 

2016  % Change 

2015  % Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Net interest income 

Noninterest income: 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees: 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and other fees (1) 
Trust and investment management (1) 
Investment banking (2) 

Total trust and investment fees 

Card fees 
Other fees 
Mortgage banking 
Insurance 
Net gains (losses) from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments (3) 
Other income of the segment 

Total noninterest income 

Total revenue 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest expense: 
Personnel expense 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Outside professional services 
Operating losses 
Other expense of the segment 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income tax expense and noncontrolling interests 

Income tax expense 
Net income from noncontrolling interests (4) 

Net income 

Average loans 
Average deposits 

$  30,365 

29,833 

2 %  $  29,242 

2 % 

2,905 

3,136 

(7) 

3,014 

4 

1,831 
889 
(60) 

2,660 

3,613 
1,497 
3,895 
98 
59 
709 
1,144 
1,762 

1,854 
849 
(141) 

2,562 

3,592 
1,494 
5,624 
6 
(17) 
928 
673 
1,035 

18,342 

19,033 

48,707 

48,866 

2,555 

2,691 

20,345 
2,157 
2,107 
446 
715 
1,863 
5,312 
(467) 

32,478 

13,674 

1,327 
276 

$  12,071 

$  476.7 
729.3 

18,655 
2,035 
2,070 
500 
649 
1,169 
1,451 
893 

27,422 

18,753 

6,182 
136 

12,435 

486.9 
701.2 

(1) 
5 
57 

4 

1 
— 
(31) 

NM 

447 
(24) 
70 
70 

(4) 

— 

(5) 

9 
6 
2 
(11) 
10 
59 
266 

NM 

18 

(27) 

(79) 
103 

2,044 
855 
(123) 

2,776 

3,381 
1,446 
6,056 
96 
(146) 
556 
1,714 
1,206 

20,099 

49,341 

2,427 

17,574 
1,914 
2,104 
573 
549 
1,012 
1,503 
1,752 

26,981 

19,933 

6,202 
240 

(9) 
(1) 
(15) 

(8) 

6 
3 
(7) 
(94) 
88 
67 
(61) 
(14) 

(5) 

(1) 

11 

6 
6 
(2) 
(13) 
18 
16 
(3) 
(49) 

2 

(6) 

— 
(43) 

(3)%  $  13,491 

(2)%  $ 
4 

475.9 
654.4 

(8)% 

2 % 
7 

NM - Not meaningful 
(1)  Represents income on products and services for WIM customers served through Community Banking distribution channels and is eliminated in consolidation. 
(2) 
(3)  Predominantly represents gains resulting from venture capital investments. 
(4)  Reflects results attributable to noncontrolling interests predominantly associated with the Company’s consolidated venture capital investments. 

Includes syndication and underwriting fees paid to Wells Fargo Securities which are offset in our Wholesale Banking segment. 

54 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Noninterest expense increased $5.1 billion in 2017, or 18%, 
from 2016, which increased $441 million, or 2%, from 2015. The 
increase in 2017 was due to higher litigation accruals (including 
$3.7 billion that were non tax-deductible), personnel expense 
driven by increased health insurance expense, deferred 
compensation plan expense (offset in trading revenue) and 
staffing, as well as higher project-related, equipment, and FDIC 
expense. These increases in noninterest expense were partially 
offset by lower foreclosed assets expense driven by improvement 
in the residential real estate portfolio, lower telephone and 
supplies expenses, travel and entertainment, and other expense. 
The increase in noninterest expense in 2016 was due to higher 
personnel expense driven by increased deferred compensation 
plan expense (offset in trading revenue) and increased staffing, 
as well as higher project-related, equipment, and FDIC expense. 
These increases in noninterest expense were partially offset by 
lower foreclosed assets expense driven by improvement in the 
residential real estate portfolio, lower telephone and supplies 
expenses, data processing costs, and other expense. 

The provision for credit losses in 2017 decreased 

$136 million from 2016 due to credit improvement in the 
consumer lending portfolio, primarily consumer real estate. The 
provision for credit losses in 2016 increased $264 million from 
2015 due to an increase in losses in the credit card, automobile 
and other consumer portfolios. 

Community Banking reported net income of $12.1 billion in 

2017, down $364 million, or 3%, from $12.4 billion in 2016, 
which was down $1.1 billion, or 8%, in 2015. Income tax expense 
in 2017 reflected the estimated net benefit from the impact of the 
Tax Act to the Company, partially offset by the impact of discrete 
non tax-deductible items, predominantly litigation accruals. 
Revenue was $48.7 billion in 2017, a decrease of $159 million, or 
0.3%, compared with $48.9 billion in 2016, which was down 
$475 million, or 1%, compared with 2015. The decrease in 
revenue for 2017 was due to lower mortgage banking revenue 
driven by lower mortgage loan originations and a decrease in 
servicing income, lower service charges on deposit accounts, and 
lower gains on debt securities. The decrease in revenue in 2017 
was partially offset by higher net interest income, gains on equity 
investments, deferred compensation plan investment results 
(offset in employee benefits expense), and other income 
(including higher net hedge ineffectiveness income and a gain on 
the sale of a mortgage loan portfolio). The decrease in revenue 
for 2016 was due to lower gains on equity investments, and 
lower mortgage banking revenue driven by a decrease in 
servicing income, partially offset by higher net gains on 
mortgage loan originations driven by higher origination 
volumes. Additionally, revenue in 2016 reflected lower trust and 
investment fees driven by a decrease in brokerage transactional 
revenue, and lower other income (including lower net hedge 
ineffectiveness income and a gain on the sale of our Warranty 
Solutions business in 2015). The decrease in revenue in 2016 was 
partially offset by higher net interest income, gains on debt 
securities, revenue from debit and credit card volumes, higher 
deferred compensation plan investment results (offset in 
employee benefits expense), and an increase in deposit service 
charges driven by higher overdraft fees and account growth. 
Average deposits increased $28.1 billion in 2017, or 4% from 
2016, which increased $46.8 billion, or 7%, from 2015. Primary 
consumer checking customers (customers who actively use their 
checking account with transactions such as debit card purchases, 
online bill payments, and direct deposit) as of November 2017 
were up 0.2% from November 2016. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

55 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Wholesale Banking provides financial solutions to businesses 
across the United States and globally with annual sales generally 
in excess of $5 million. Products and businesses include 
Business Banking, Commercial Real Estate, Corporate Banking, 
Financial Institutions Group, Government and Institutional 

Banking, Middle Market Banking, Principal Investments, 
Treasury Management, Wells Fargo Commercial Capital, and 
Wells Fargo Securities. Table 9b provides additional financial 
information for Wholesale Banking. 

Table 9b:  Wholesale Banking 

  

(in millions, except average balances which are in billions) 

2017 

2016  % Change 

2015  % Change 

Year ended December 31, 

Net interest income 

Noninterest income: 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees: 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and other fees 
Trust and investment management 
Investment banking 

Total trust and investment fees 

Card fees 
Other fees 
Mortgage banking 
Insurance 
Net gains from trading activities 
Net gains (losses) on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Other income of the segment 

Total noninterest income 

Total revenue 

Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 

Noninterest expense: 
Personnel expense 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Outside professional services 
Operating losses 
Other expense of the segment 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income tax expense and noncontrolling interest 

Income tax expense 
Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interest 
Net income 

Average loans 
Average deposits 

NM - Not meaningful 

$  16,967 

16,052 

6%  $  14,350 

12% 

2,205 

2,235 

(1) 

2,153 

303 
524 
1,827 
2,654 

345 
2,054 
458 
913 
700 
(232) 
117 
1,992 
11,206 

368 
473 
1,833 
2,674 

342 
2,226 
475 
1,262 
677 
13 
199 
2,387 
12,490 

28,173 

28,542 

(19) 

1,073 

6,639 
55 
429 
414 
480 
1,146 
74 
7,518 
16,755 

11,437 

2,753 
(15) 
$  8,699 

$  464.6 
464.5 

7,035 
72 
461 
390 
429 
1,075 
118 
6,546 
16,126 

11,343 

3,136 
(28) 
8,235 

449.3 
438.6 

(18) 
11 
— 
(1) 

1 
(8) 
(4) 
(28) 
3 
NM 
(41) 
(17) 
(10) 

(1) 

NM 

(6) 
(24) 
(7) 
6 
12 
7 
(37) 
15 
4 

1 

(12) 
46 

6%  $ 

3%  $ 
6 

285 
407 
1,762 
2,454 

337 
2,872 
447 
1,598 
719 
396 
511 
67 
11,554 

25,904 

27 

6,936 
97 
452 
347 
352 
837 
152 
4,943 
14,116 

11,761 

3,424 
143 
8,194 

397.3 
438.9 

4 

29 
16 
4 
9 

1 
(22) 
6 
(21) 
(6) 
(97) 
(61) 
NM 
8 

10 

NM 

1 
(26) 
2 
12 
22 
28 
(22) 
32 
14 

(4) 

(8) 
NM 
1% 

13% 
— 

56 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Noninterest expense of $16.8 billion in 2017 increased 
$629 million, or 4%, compared with 2016, which increased 
$2.0 billion, or 14%, compared with 2015. The increase in 2017 
was predominantly due to increased project and technology 
spending on compliance and regulatory requirements. The 
increase in 2016 was due to higher personnel and operating lease 
expense related to the GE Capital business acquisitions as well as 
higher expenses related to growth initiatives, compliance and 
regulatory requirements. The provision for credit losses in 2017 
decreased $1.1 billion from 2016, predominantly due to lower 
losses in the oil and gas portfolio. The provision for credit losses 
in 2016 increased $1.0 billion from 2015, primarily due to 
increased losses in the oil and gas portfolio. 

Wealth and Investment Management provides a full range 
of personalized wealth management, investment and retirement 
products and services to clients across U.S. based businesses 
including Wells Fargo Advisors, The Private Bank, Abbot 
Downing, Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust, and 
Wells Fargo Asset Management. We deliver financial planning, 
private banking, credit, investment management and fiduciary 
services to high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth individuals 
and families. We also serve clients’ brokerage needs, supply 
retirement and trust services to institutional clients and provide 
investment management capabilities delivered to global 
institutional clients through separate accounts and the 
Wells Fargo Funds. Table 9c provides additional financial 
information for WIM. 

Wholesale Banking reported net income of $8.7 billion in 

2017, up $464 million from 2016, which was up $41 million from 
2015. The increase in net income in 2017 was due to higher net 
interest income and lower loan loss provision, partially offset by 
lower noninterest income and higher noninterest expense. The 
increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was due to increased 
revenue and lower minority interest expense, partially offset by 
higher loan loss provision and noninterest expense. Revenue in 
2017 of $28.2 billion decreased $369 million, or 1%, from 2016, 
which increased $2.6 billion, or 10%, from 2015. Net interest 
income of $17.0 billion in 2017 increased $915 million, or 6%, 
from 2016, which increased $1.7 billion, or 12%, from 2015. The 
increase in net interest income in 2017 was due to loan and other 
earning asset growth as well as the impact of higher interest 
rates, partially offset by an adjustment related to leveraged 
leases resulting from the Tax Act that reduced net interest 
income by $183 million. The increase in net interest income in 
2016 was due to strong loan and other earning asset growth. 

Average loans of $464.6 billion in 2017 increased 

$15.3 billion, or 3%, from 2016, which increased $52.0 billion, or 
13%, from 2015. Loan growth in 2017 and 2016 was broad based 
across many Wholesale Banking businesses and included the 
impact of the GE Capital business acquisitions in 2016. Average 
deposits of $464.5 billion in 2017 increased $25.9 billion, or 6%, 
compared with $438.6 billion in 2016, which was relatively flat 
compared with 2015. 

Noninterest income of $11.2 billion in 2017 decreased 

$1.3 billion, or 10%, from 2016, which increased $936 million, or 
8%, from 2015. The decrease in 2017 was driven by the gains on 
the sale of our crop insurance and health benefit services 
businesses in 2016, impairments to low income housing and 
renewable energy investments as a result of the Tax Act, lower 
insurance income driven by the 2016 sale of our crop insurance 
business, and lower gains on debt securities and equity 
investments. These declines were partially offset by a gain on the 
sale of our insurance services business in 2017. The increase in 
2016, compared with 2015, was driven by increased lease income 
from the GE Capital business acquisitions, gains on the sale of 
our crop insurance and health benefit services businesses, 
increased trust and investment banking revenue driven by 
syndicated loan, advisory, and debt origination fees, and higher 
service charges on deposit accounts (which represented treasury 
management fees for providing cash management payable and 
receivable services), partially offset by lower gains on debt 
securities and equity investments, lower insurance income due 
to the divestiture of our crop insurance business, and lower 
other fees related to a decline in commercial real estate 
brokerage fees and the deconsolidation of our merchant services 
joint venture in fourth quarter 2015, which also lowered 2016 
minority interest expense. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

57 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Table 9c:  Wealth and Investment Management 

  

(in millions, except average balances which are in billions) 
Net interest income 
Noninterest income: 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees: 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and other fees 
Trust and investment management 
Investment banking (1) 

Total trust and investment fees 

Card fees 
Other fees 
Mortgage banking 
Insurance 
Net gains from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Other income of the segment 

Total noninterest income 

Total revenue 

Reversal of provision for credit losses 
Noninterest expense: 
Personnel expense 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Outside professional services 
Operating losses 
Other expense of the segment 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income tax expense and noncontrolling interest 

Income tax expense 
Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interest 
Net income 
Average loans 
Average deposits 

2017 
$  4,493 

2016  % Change 
3,913 

15%  $ 

Year ended December 31, 
2015  % Change 
3,478 
13% 

17 

19 

(11) 

19 

— 

9,072 
2,877 
(2) 
11,947 
6 
18 
(10) 
88 
294 
2 
7 
64 
12,433 

8,870 
2,891 
(1) 
11,760 
6 
18 
(9) 
— 
174 
1 
7 
57 
12,033 

16,926 

15,946 

(5) 

(5) 

8,126 
28 
431 
292 
155 
834 
115 
2,650 
12,631 
4,300 

1,610 
16 
$  2,674 
$ 
71.9 
189.0 

7,852 
52 
442 
302 
152 
925 
50 
2,284 
12,059 
3,892 

1,467 
(1) 
2,426 
67.3 
187.8 

2 
— 
(100) 
2 
— 
— 
(11) 
NM 
69 
100 
— 
12 
3 

6 

— 

3 
(46) 
(2) 
(3) 
2 
(10) 
130 
16 
5 
10 

9,154 
3,017 
— 
12,171 
5 
17 
(7) 
— 
41 
— 
5 
48 
12,299 

15,777 

(25) 

7,820 
57 
447 
326 
123 
846 
229 
2,219 
12,067 
3,735 

10 
NM 
10%  $ 
7%  $ 
1 

1,420 
(1) 
2,316 
60.1 
172.3 

(3) 
(4) 
NM 
(3) 
20 
6 
(29) 
NM 

324 

NM 
40 
19 
(2) 

1 

80 

— 
(9) 
(1) 
(7) 
24 
9 
(78) 
3 
— 
4 

3 
— 
5% 
12% 

9 

NM - Not meaningful 
(1) 

Includes syndication and underwriting fees paid to Wells Fargo Securities which are offset in our Wholesale Banking segment. 

benefits expense). Noninterest expense of $12.6 billion in 2017 
increased 5% from $12.1 billion in 2016 due to higher project 
and technology spending on compliance and regulatory 
requirements, higher broker commissions, and higher deferred 
compensation plan expense (offset in trading revenue). 
Noninterest expense in 2016 was flat compared with 2015, as a 
decline in operating losses reflecting lower litigation expense for 
various legal matters was offset by higher outside professional 
services expense, other expense, and personnel expense. The 
provision for credit losses was flat in 2017 compared with 2016. 
The provision for credit losses increased $20 million in 2016, 
due to lower net recoveries. 

WIM reported net income of $2.7 billion in 2017, up 

$248 million, or 10%, from 2016, which was up $110 million, or 
5%, from 2015. Revenue of $16.9 billion in 2017 increased 
$980 million from 2016, which was up $169 million from 2015. 
The increase in revenue for 2017 was due to growth in net 
interest income and asset-based fees. The increase in revenue for 
2016 was due to growth in net interest income, partially offset by 
lower noninterest income. Net interest income increased 15% in 
2017 and 13% in 2016, in each case due to growth in other 
earning assets and loan balances. Average loan balances of 
$71.9 billion in 2017 increased $4.6 billion from $67.3 billion in 
2016, which was up 12% from 2015. Average deposits of 
$189.0 billion in 2017 increased 1% from $187.8 billion in 2016, 
which increased 9% from 2015. Noninterest income in 2017 
increased 3% from 2016, due to higher asset-based fees and 
gains on deferred compensation plan investments (offset in 
employee benefits expense), partially offset by lower transaction 
revenue. Noninterest income in 2016 decreased 2% from 2015 
due to lower transaction revenue from reduced client activity, 
and lower asset-based fees, partially offset by higher gains on 
deferred compensation plan investments (offset in employee 

58 

Wells Fargo & Company 

The following discussions provide additional information 

for client assets we oversee in our retail brokerage advisory and 
trust and investment management business lines. 

Retail Brokerage Client Assets Brokerage advisory, 
commissions and other fees are received for providing full-
service and discount brokerage services predominantly to retail 
brokerage clients. Offering advisory account relationships to our 
brokerage clients is an important component of our broader 
strategy of meeting their financial needs. Although a majority of 
our retail brokerage client assets are in accounts that earn 

Table 9d:  Retail Brokerage Client Assets 

  

(in billions) 

Retail brokerage client assets 
Advisory account client assets 
Advisory account client assets as a percentage of total client assets 

brokerage commissions, the fees from those accounts generally 
represent transactional commissions based on the number and 
size of transactions executed at the client’s direction. Fees 
earned from advisory accounts are asset-based and depend on 
changes in the value of the client’s assets as well as the level of 
assets resulting from inflows and outflows. A majority of our 
brokerage advisory, commissions and other fee income is earned 
from advisory accounts. Table 9d shows advisory account client 
assets as a percentage of total retail brokerage client assets at 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

$ 

2017 

1,651.3 
542.8 

33% 

Year ended December 31, 
2015 

2016 

1,486.1 
463.8 
31 

1,386.9 
419.9 
30 

Retail Brokerage advisory accounts include assets that are 

financial advisor-directed and separately managed by third-
party managers, as well as certain client-directed brokerage 
assets where we earn a fee for advisory and other services, but do 
not have investment discretion. These advisory accounts 
generate fees as a percentage of the market value of the assets, 
which vary across the account types based on the distinct 

services provided, and are affected by investment performance 
as well as asset inflows and outflows. For the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the average fee rate by 
 
account type ranged from 80 to 120 basis points. Table 9e 
presents retail brokerage advisory account client assets activity 
 
by account type for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 
and 2015. 

Table 9e:  Retail Brokerage Advisory Account Client Assets 

  

(in billions) 

December 31, 2017 

Client directed (4) 
Financial advisor directed (5) 
Separate accounts (6) 
Mutual fund advisory (7) 

Total advisory client assets	 

December 31, 2016 

Client directed (4) 
Financial advisor directed (5) 
Separate accounts (6) 
Mutual fund advisory (7) 

Total advisory client assets	 

December 31, 2015 

Client directed (4) 
Financial advisor directed (5) 
Separate accounts (6) 
Mutual fund advisory (7) 

Total advisory client assets	 

Balance, beginning 
of period 

Inflows (1) 

Outflows (2) 

Market impact (3) 

Year ended 
Balance, end 
of period 

$ 

159.1 
115.7 
125.7 
63.3 

463.8 

154.7 
91.9 
110.4 
62.9 

419.9 

159.8 
85.4 
110.7 
66.9 

422.8 

37.1 
30.6 
26.1 
13.1 

106.9 

36.0 
28.6 
26.0 
8.7 

99.3 

38.7 
20.7 
21.6 
10.4 

91.4 

(39.2) 
(24.5) 
(23.5) 
(11.1) 

(98.3) 

(37.5) 
(18.7) 
(21.9) 
(11.6) 

(89.7) 

(37.3) 
(17.5) 
(20.5) 
(12.2) 

(87.5) 

13.9 
25.2 
20.8 
10.5 

70.4 

5.9 
13.9 
11.2 
3.3 

34.3 

(6.5) 
3.3 
(1.4) 
(2.2) 

(6.8) 

170.9 
147.0 
149.1 
75.8 

542.8 

159.1 
115.7 
125.7 
63.3 

463.8 

154.7 
91.9 
110.4 
62.9 

419.9 

Inflows include new advisory account assets, contributions, dividends and interest. 

(1) 	
(2) 	 Outflows include closed advisory account assets, withdrawals and client management fees. 
(3) 	 Market impact reflects gains and losses on portfolio investments. 
(4) 	

Investment advice and other services are provided to client, but decisions are made by the client and the fees earned are based on a percentage of the advisory account 
assets, not the number and size of transactions executed by the client. 

(5) 	 Professionally managed portfolios with fees earned based on respective strategies and as a percentage of certain client assets. 
(6) 	 Professional advisory portfolios managed by Wells Fargo Asset Management advisors or third-party asset managers. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client 

assets. 

(7) 	 Program with portfolios constructed of load-waived, no-load and institutional share class mutual funds. Fees are earned based on a percentage of certain client assets. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

59 

Earnings Performance (continued) 

Trust and Investment Client Assets Under Management 
 
We earn trust and investment management fees from managing 
and administering assets, including mutual funds, institutional 
separate accounts, personal trust, employee benefit trust and 
agency assets through our asset management, wealth and 
retirement businesses. Our asset management business is 
conducted by Wells Fargo Asset Management (WFAM), which 
offers Wells Fargo proprietary mutual funds and manages 
institutional separate accounts. Our wealth business manages 
assets for high net worth clients, and our retirement business 

Table 9f:  WIM Trust and Investment – Assets Under Management 

  

provides total retirement management, investments, and trust 
and custody solutions tailored to meet the needs of institutional 
clients. Substantially all of our trust and investment 
management fee income is earned from AUM where we have 
discretionary management authority over the investments and 
generate fees as a percentage of the market value of the AUM. 
Table 9f presents AUM activity for the years ended December 31, 
2017, 2016 and 2015. 

(in billions) 

December 31, 2017 

Assets managed by WFAM (4): 

Money market funds (5) 

Other assets managed 

Assets managed by Wealth and Retirement (6) 

Total assets under management	 

December 31, 2016 

Assets managed by WFAM (4): 

Money market funds (5) 
Other assets managed 

Assets managed by Wealth and Retirement (6)	 

Total assets under management	 

December 31, 2015 

Assets managed by WFAM (4): 

Money market funds (5) 
Other assets managed 

Assets managed by Wealth and Retirement (6)	 

Total assets under management	 

Balance, beginning 
of period 

Inflows (1) 

Outflows (2) 

Market impact (3) 

Year ended 
Balance, end of 
period 

$ 

102.6 

379.6 

168.5 

650.7 

123.6 
366.1 
162.1 

651.8 

123.1 
372.6 
165.3 

661.0 

5.6 

116.0 

41.1 

162.7 

— 
114.0 
37.0 

151.0 

0.5 
93.5 
36.2 

130.2 

— 

(130.9) 

(39.4) 

(170.3) 

(21.0) 
(125.0) 
(35.9) 

(181.9) 

— 
(97.0) 
(34.1) 

(131.1) 

— 

31.0 

16.0 

47.0 

— 
24.5 
5.3 

29.8 

— 
(3.0) 
(5.3) 

(8.3) 

108.2 

395.7 

186.2 

690.1 

102.6 
379.6 
168.5 

650.7 

123.6 
366.1 
162.1 

651.8 

Inflows include new managed account assets, contributions, dividends and interest. 

(1) 	
(2) 	 Outflows include closed managed account assets, withdrawals and client management fees. 
(3) 	 Market impact reflects gains and losses on portfolio investments. 
(4) 	 Assets managed by WFAM consist of equity, alternative, balanced, fixed income, money market, and stable value, and include client assets that are managed or sub-

advised on behalf of other Wells Fargo lines of business. 

(5) 	 Money Market funds activity is presented on a net inflow or net outflow basis, because the gross flows are not meaningful nor used by management as an indicator of 

performance. 
Includes $5.5 billion, $6.9 billion and $8.2 billion as of December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of client assets invested in proprietary funds managed by WFAM. 

(6) 	

60 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Balance Sheet Analysis 

At December 31, 2017, our assets totaled $2.0 trillion, up 
$21.6 billion from December 31, 2016. Asset growth was 
predominantly due to trading assets, which increased 
$17.9 billion, and investment securities, which increased 
$8.5 billion. An increase of $29.9 billion in deposits, and total 
equity growth of $7.6 billion from December 31, 2016, were the 
predominant sources that funded our asset growth for 2017. 
Equity growth benefited from a $12.2 billion increase in retained 
earnings, net of dividends paid. 

Investment Securities 

 
Table 10:  Investment Securities – Summary 

  

The following discussion provides additional information 
about the major components of our balance sheet. Information 
regarding our capital and changes in our asset mix is included in 
the “Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” and “Capital 
Management” sections and Note 27 (Regulatory and Agency 
Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

(in millions) 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Debt securities 
Marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity debt securities 

Total investment securities (1) 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Amortized 

Net 
unrealized 
Cost  gain (loss) 

Fair 
value 

Amortized 
Cost 

Net 
unrealized 
gain (loss) 

$  275,096 
532 

275,628 
139,335 

$  414,963 

1,311 
146 

1,457 
(350) 

1,107 

276,407 
678 

277,085 
138,985 

416,070 

309,447 
706 

310,153 
99,583 

409,736 

(2,294) 
505 

(1,789) 
(428) 

(2,217) 

Fair 
value 

307,153 
1,211 

308,364 
99,155 

407,519 

(1)  Available-for-sale securities are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Held-to-maturity securities are carried on the balance sheet at amortized cost. 

Table 10 presents a summary of our investment securities 
portfolio, which increased $8.5 billion from December 31, 2016, 
predominantly due to net purchases of federal agency mortgage-
backed securities. 

 

The total net unrealized gains on available-for-sale 

securities were $1.5 billion at December 31, 2017, up from net 
unrealized losses of $1.8 billion at December 31, 2016, primarily 
due to tighter credit spreads and the transfer of available-for­
sale securities to held-to-maturity. 

The size and composition of the investment securities 

portfolio is largely dependent upon the Company’s liquidity and 
interest rate risk management objectives. Our business generates 
assets and liabilities, such as loans, deposits and long-term debt, 
which have different maturities, yields, re-pricing, prepayment 
characteristics and other provisions that expose us to interest 
rate and liquidity risk. The available-for-sale securities portfolio 
predominantly consists of liquid, high quality U.S. Treasury and 
federal agency debt, agency mortgage-backed securities (MBS), 
privately-issued residential and commercial MBS, securities 
issued by U.S. states and political subdivisions, corporate debt 
securities, and highly rated collateralized loan obligations. Due 
to its highly liquid nature, the available-for-sale securities 
portfolio can be used to meet funding needs that arise in the 
normal course of business or due to market stress. Changes in 
our interest rate risk profile may occur due to changes in overall 
economic or market conditions, which could influence loan 
origination demand, prepayment speeds, or deposit balances 
and mix. In response, the available-for-sale securities portfolio 
can be rebalanced to meet the Company’s interest rate risk 
management objectives. In addition to meeting liquidity and 
interest rate risk management objectives, the available-for-sale 
securities portfolio may provide yield enhancement over other 
short-term assets. See the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability 
Management” section in this Report for more information on 
liquidity and interest rate risk. The held-to-maturity securities 
portfolio consists of high quality U.S. Treasury debt, securities 

issued by U.S. states and political subdivisions, agency MBS, 
asset-backed securities (ABS) primarily collateralized by 
automobile loans and leases and cash, and collateralized loan 
obligations where our intent is to hold these securities to 
maturity and collect the contractual cash flows. The held-to­
maturity securities portfolio may also provide yield 
enhancement over short-term assets. 

We analyze securities for other-than-temporary impairment 

(OTTI) quarterly or more often if a potential loss-triggering 
event occurs. Of the $606 million in OTTI write-downs 
recognized in earnings in 2017, $262 million related to debt 
securities, $5 million related to marketable equity securities, 
which are included in available-for-sale securities, and 
$339 million related to nonmarketable equity investments, 
which are included in other assets. For a discussion of our OTTI 
accounting policies and underlying considerations and analysis, 
see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and 
Note 5 (Investment Securities) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

At December 31, 2017, investment securities included 

$57.6 billion of municipal bonds, of which 95.7% were rated “A-” 
or better based largely on external and, in some cases, internal 
ratings. Additionally, some of the securities in our total 
municipal bond portfolio are guaranteed against loss by bond 
insurers. These guaranteed bonds are predominantly investment 
grade and were generally underwritten in accordance with our 
own investment standards prior to the determination to 
purchase, without relying on the bond insurer’s guarantee in 
making the investment decision. The credit quality of our 
municipal bond holdings are monitored as part of our ongoing 
impairment analysis. 

The weighted-average expected maturity of debt securities 

available-for-sale was 6.3 years at December 31, 2017. The 
expected remaining maturity is shorter than the remaining 
contractual maturity for the 61.3% of this portfolio that is MBS 
because borrowers generally have the right to prepay obligations 

Wells Fargo & Company 

61 

Balance Sheet Analysis (continued) 

before the underlying mortgages mature. The estimated effects 
of a 200 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates on the 
fair value and the expected remaining maturity of the MBS 
available-for-sale portfolio are shown in Table 11. 

The weighted-average expected maturity of debt securities 

held-to-maturity was 5.9 years at December 31, 2017. See Note 5 
(Investment Securities) to Financial Statements in this Report 
for a summary of investment securities by security type. 

Table 11:  Mortgage-Backed Securities Available for Sale 
 

  

Fair 
value 

Net 
unrealized 
gain (loss) 

Expected 
remaining 
maturity 
(in years) 

169.4 

— 

150.8 
180.4 

(18.6) 
11.0 

5.9 

8.2 
3.5 

(in billions) 

At December 31, 2017 
Actual 
Assuming a 200 basis point: 

Increase in interest rates 
Decrease in interest rates 

 
Table 12:  Loan Portfolios 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial 
Consumer 

Total loans 

Change from prior year 

A discussion of average loan balances and a comparative 

detail of average loan balances is included in Table 5 under 
“Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” earlier in this 
Report. Additional information on total loans outstanding by 
portfolio segment and class of financing receivable is included in 
the “Risk Management – Credit Risk Management” section in 
this Report. Period-end balances and other loan related 

Table 13:  Maturities for Selected Commercial Loan Categories 

  

Loan Portfolios 
Table 12 provides a summary of total outstanding loans by 
portfolio segment. Total loans decreased $10.8 billion from 
December 31, 2016, reflecting paydowns, a continued decline in 
junior lien mortgage loans, and an expected decline in 
automobile loans as the effect of tighter underwriting standards 
implemented in 2016 resulted in lower origination volume. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

$ 

$ 

503,388 
453,382 

956,770 

(10,834) 

506,536 
461,068 

967,604 

51,045 

information are in Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit 
Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Table 13 shows contractual loan maturities for loan 

categories normally not subject to regular periodic principal 
reduction and the contractual distribution of loans in those 
categories to changes in interest rates. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

Selected loan maturities: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 

Total selected loans 

Distribution of loans to changes in interest 

rates: 
Loans at fixed interest rates 
Loans at floating/variable interest rates 

Within 
one 
year 

After 
one year 
through 
five years 

After 
five 
years 

Total 

Within 
one 
year 

After 
one year 
through 
five years 

$ 105,327 
20,069 
9,555 

201,530 
64,384 
13,276 

26,268 
42,146 
1,448 

333,125 
126,599 
24,279 

105,421 
22,713 
9,576 

199,211 
68,928 
13,102 

$ 134,951 

279,190 

69,862 

484,003 

137,710 

281,241 

$  18,587 
116,364 

30,049 
249,141 

26,748 
43,114 

75,384 
408,619 

19,389 
118,321 

29,748 
251,493 

Total selected loans 

$ 134,951 

279,190 

69,862 

484,003 

137,710 

281,241 

After 
five 
years 

26,208 
40,850 
1,238 

68,296 

Total 

330,840 
132,491 
23,916 

487,247 

26,859 
41,437 

68,296 

75,996 
411,251 

487,247 

62 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Deposits 
Deposits were $1.3 trillion at December 31, 2017, up 
$29.9 billion from December 31, 2016, reflecting growth in 
commercial, consumer and small business banking deposits. 
Table 14 provides additional information regarding deposits. 

Information regarding the impact of deposits on net interest 
income and a comparison of average deposit balances is 
provided in “Earnings Performance – Net Interest Income” and 
Table 5 earlier in this Report. 

Table 14:  Deposits 

  

($ in millions) 

Noninterest-bearing 
Interest-bearing checking 
Market rate and other savings 
Savings certificates 
Other time deposits 
Deposits in foreign offices (1) 

Total deposits 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 

373,722 
51,928 
690,168 
20,415 
71,715 
128,043 

% of 
total 
deposits 

28%  $ 

4 
52 
2 
4 
10 

Dec 31, 
2016 

375,967 
49,403 
687,846 
23,968 
52,649 
116,246 

% of 
total 
deposits 

29% 

4 
52 
2 
4 
9 

$ 

1,335,991 

100%  $  1,306,079 

100% 

% Change 

(1) 
5 
— 
(15) 
36 
10 

2 

(1) 

Includes Eurodollar sweep balances of $80.1 billion and $74.8 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Equity 
Total equity was $208.1 billion at December 31, 2017, compared 
with $200.5 billion at December 31, 2016. The increase was 
largely driven by a $12.2 billion increase in retained earnings 

from earnings net of dividends paid, and a $1.0 billion increase 
in cumulative other comprehensive income, partially offset by a 
net increase in treasury stock. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

In the ordinary course of business, we engage in financial 
transactions that are not recorded on the balance sheet, or may 
be recorded on the balance sheet in amounts that are different 
from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction. Our 
off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to lend 
and purchase securities, transactions with unconsolidated 
entities, guarantees, derivatives, and other commitments. These 
transactions are designed to (1) meet the financial needs of 
customers, (2) manage our credit, market or liquidity risks, and/ 
or (3) diversify our funding sources. 

Commitments to Lend and Purchase Securities 
We enter into commitments to lend funds to customers, which 
are usually at a stated interest rate, if funded, and for specific 
purposes and time periods. When we make commitments, we 
are exposed to credit risk. However, the maximum credit risk for 
these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual 
amount because a significant portion of these commitments is 
expected to expire without being used by the customer. For more 
information on lending commitments, see Note 6 (Loans and 
Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. We may enter into commitments to purchase securities 
under resale agreements. For more information, see Note 4 
(Federal Funds Sold, Securities Purchased under Resale 
Agreements and Other Short-Term Investments) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. We also may enter into commitments 
to purchase debt and equity securities to provide capital for 
customers' funding, liquidity or other future needs. For more 
information, see Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and 
Collateral, and Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in 
this Report. 

Transactions with Unconsolidated Entities 
In the normal course of business, we enter into various types of 
on- and off-balance sheet transactions with special purpose 

entities (SPEs), which are corporations, trusts, limited liability 
companies or partnerships that are established for a limited 
purpose. Generally, SPEs are formed in connection with 
securitization transactions and are considered variable interest 
entities (VIEs). For more information on securitizations, 
including sales proceeds and cash flows from securitizations, see 
Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

Guarantees and Certain Contingent 
Arrangements 
Guarantees are contracts that contingently require us to make 
payments to a guaranteed party based on an event or a change in 
an underlying asset, liability, rate or index. Guarantees are 
generally in the form of standby letters of credit, securities 
lending and other indemnifications, written put options, 
recourse obligations and other types of arrangements. For more 
information on guarantees and certain contingent arrangements, 
see Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and 
Other Commitments) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Derivatives 
We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, including 
interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign currency risk, and to 
assist customers with their risk management objectives. 
Derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, and 
volume can be measured in terms of the notional amount, which 
is generally not exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which 
interest and other payments are determined. The notional 
amount is not recorded on the balance sheet and is not, when 
viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of 
the instruments. For more information on derivatives, see 
Note 16 (Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

63 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements (continued) 

Contractual Cash Obligations 
In addition to the contractual commitments and arrangements 
previously described, which, depending on the nature of the 
obligation, may or may not require use of our resources, we enter 
into other contractual obligations that may require future cash 
payments in the ordinary course of business, including debt 
issuances for the funding of operations and leases for premises 
and equipment. 

Table 15:  Contractual Cash Obligations 

  

Table 15 summarizes these contractual obligations as of 

December 31, 2017, excluding the projected cash payments for 
obligations for short-term borrowing arrangements and pension 
and postretirement benefit plans. More information on those 
obligations is in Note 12 (Short-Term Borrowings) and Note 21 
(Employee Benefits and Other Expenses) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

(in millions) 

Contractual payments by period: 

Deposits (1) 
Long-term debt (2) 
Interest (3) 
Operating leases 
Unrecognized tax obligations 
Commitments to purchase debt 

and equity securities (4) 

Purchase and other obligations (5) 

Total contractual obligations 

Note(s) to 
Financial 
Statements 

Less than 
1 year 

1-3 
years 

3-5 
years 

11 
13 

7 
22 

14 

$  106,089 
39,826 
5,803 
1,172 
20 

2,132 
863 

11,988 
47,730 
8,640 
2,056 
— 

296 
662 

5,002 
46,222 
6,231 
1,381 
— 

— 
128 

December 31, 2017 

Indeterminate 
maturity 

Total 

1,207,397 
— 
— 
— 
3,505 

1,335,991 
225,020 
44,548 
6,585 
3,525 

— 
— 

2,428 
1,696 

More 
than 
5 years 

5,515 
91,242 
23,874 
1,976 
— 

— 
43 

$  155,905 

71,372 

58,964 

122,650 

1,210,902 

1,619,793 

Includes interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking, and market rate and other savings accounts. 

(1) 	
(2) 	 Balances are presented net of unamortized debt discounts and premiums and purchase accounting adjustments. 
(3) 	 Represents the future interest obligations related to interest-bearing time deposits and long-term debt in the normal course of business including a net reduction of 

(4) 	

$9.7 billion related to hedges used to manage interest rate risk. These interest obligations assume no early debt redemption. We estimated variable interest rate payments 
using December 31, 2017, rates, which we held constant until maturity. We have excluded interest related to structured notes where our payment obligation is contingent 
on the performance of certain benchmarks. 
Includes unfunded commitments to purchase debt and equity investments, excluding trade date payables, of $194 million and $2.2 billion, respectively. Our unfunded 
equity commitments include certain investments subject to the Volcker Rule, which we expect to divest in the near future. For additional information regarding the Volcker 
Rule, see the “Regulatory Matters” section in this Report. We have presented predominantly all of our contractual obligations on equity investments above in the maturing 
in less than one year category as there are no specified contribution dates in the agreements. These obligations may be requested at any time by the investment manager. 

(5) 	 Represents agreements related to unrecognized obligations to purchase goods or services. 

We are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states 

and municipalities, and those of the foreign jurisdictions in 
which we operate. We have various unrecognized tax obligations 
related to these operations that may require future cash tax 
payments to various taxing authorities. Because of their 
uncertain nature, the expected timing and amounts of these 
payments generally are not reasonably estimable or 
determinable. We attempt to estimate the amount payable in the 
next 12 months based on the status of our tax examinations and 
settlement discussions. See Note 22 (Income Taxes) to Financial 
Statements in this Report for more information. 

Transactions with Related Parties 
The Related Party Disclosures topic of the Accounting Standards 
Codification (ASC) 850 requires disclosure of material related 
party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, 
expense allowances and other similar items in the ordinary 
course of business. Based on ASC 850, we had no transactions 
required to be reported for the years ended December 31, 2017, 
2016 and 2015. The Company has included within its disclosures 
information on its equity investments, relationships with 
variable interest entities, and employee benefit plan 
arrangements. See Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease 
Commitments and Other Assets), Note 8 (Securitizations and 
Variable Interest Entities) and Note 21 (Employee Benefits and 
Other Expenses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

 

64 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Risk Management 

Wells Fargo manages a variety of risks that can significantly 
affect our financial performance and our ability to meet the 
expectations of our customers, stockholders, regulators and 
other stakeholders. Among the significant risks that we manage 
are conduct risk, operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, 
and asset/liability management related risks, which include 
interest rate risk, market risk, liquidity risk, and funding related 
risks. We operate under a Board-level approved risk framework 
which outlines our company-wide approach to risk management 
and oversight, and describes the structures and practices 
employed to manage current and emerging risks inherent to 
Wells Fargo. 

Risk Framework 
Our risk framework consists of three lines of defense – (1) 
Wells Fargo’s lines of business and certain other enterprise 
functions, (2) Corporate Risk, our Company’s primary second-
line of defense led by our Chief Risk Officer who reports to the 
Board’s Risk Committee, and (3) Wells Fargo Audit Services, our 
internal audit function which is led by our Chief Auditor who 
reports to the Board’s Audit & Examination Committee. The 
Company’s primary risk management objectives are: (a) to 
support the Board as it carries out its risk oversight 
responsibilities; (b) to support members of senior management 
in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives and priorities by 
establishing a comprehensive and effective risk framework and 
enterprise risk inventory; and (c) to maintain and continually 
promote a strong culture, which emphasizes each team 
member’s responsibility and authority as a risk manager. Key 
elements of our risk program include: 
• 	

Cultivating a strong culture, with key risk management 
components emphasizing each team member’s ownership of 
risk and the Company’s bias for conservatism through which 
we strive to maintain a conservative financial position 
measured by satisfactory asset quality, capital levels, 
funding sources, and diversity of revenues. 

• 	 Defining and communicating across the Company a 

company-wide statement of risk appetite (or, risk 
tolerance) which serves to guide business and risk leaders 
as they manage risk on a daily basis. The company-wide 
statement of risk appetite describes the nature and 
magnitude of risk that Wells Fargo is willing to assume in 
pursuit of its strategic and business objectives. 

• 	 Maintaining a risk management governance 

 

structure, including escalation protocols and a committee 
structure, that enables the comprehensive oversight of the 
Company’s risk program and the effective and efficient 
escalation of risk issues to the appropriate level of the 
Company for information and decision-making. 

• 	 Maintaining an enterprise risk inventory and 

promoting a standardized and systematic process to identify 
risks across the Company to guide business decisions and 
capital planning efforts. 

• 	 Designing risk frameworks, programs, policies, 

• 	

 

procedures, controls, processes, and practices that 
are effective and aligned, and facilitate the active and timely 
management of current and emerging risks across the 
Company. 
Structuring an effective and independent Corporate 
Risk function whose primary responsibilities include: 
(a) establishing and maintaining an effective risk 
framework, (b) maintaining an independent and 
comprehensive perspective on the Company’s current and 
emerging risks, (c) independently opining on the strategy 
and performance of the Company’s risk taking activities, 
(d) credibly challenging the intended business and risk 
management actions of Wells Fargo’s first-line of defense, 
and (e) reviewing risk management programs and practices 
across the Company to confirm appropriate coordination 
and consistency in the application of effective risk 
management approaches. 

 
• 	 Maintaining an independent internal audit function 

 

 

that is primarily responsible for adopting a systematic, 
disciplined approach to evaluating the effectiveness of risk 
management, control and governance processes and 
activities as well as evaluating risk framework adherence to 
relevant regulatory guidelines and appropriateness for Wells 
Fargo’s size and risk profile. 

The Board and the management-level Operating Committee 
(composed of direct reports to the CEO and President, including 
the Chief Risk Officer and Chief Auditor who report to the CEO 
administratively, and to their respective Board committees 
functionally) have overall and ultimate responsibility to provide 
oversight for our three lines of defense and the risks we take, and 
carry out their oversight through governance committees with 
specific risk management responsibilities described below. 

Board and Management-level Committee Structure 
Wells Fargo’s Board and management-level governance 
committee structure is designed to ensure that key risks are 
considered and, if necessary, decided upon at the appropriate 
level of the Company and by the appropriate mix of executives. 
Accordingly, the structure is composed of defined escalation and 
reporting paths from first-line of defense groups to second-line 
of defense independent risk and management-level governance 
committees and, ultimately, to the Board level as appropriate. 
Each Board and management-level governance committee has 
defined authorities and responsibilities for considering a specific 
set of risks, as outlined in each of their charters. Our Board and 
management-level governance committee structure, and their 
primary risk oversight responsibilities, is presented in Table 16. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

65 

Risk Management (continued) 

Table 16:  Board and Management-level Governance Committee Structure 
 

  

Wells Fargo & Company 

Board Committees and Primary Risk Oversight Responsibility 

Audit & 

Examination 
Committee 

(1) 

Corporate 

Responsibility 

Committee 

Finance 

Committee 

Committee 

Risk 

(2) 

Social and public 

responsibility 

matters 

Financial, regulatory 

and risk reporting 

and controls 

Regulatory 
and Risk 
Reporting 
Oversight 
Committee 

SOX 

Disclosure 
Committee 

Governance 
& Nominating 

Committee 

Credit 

Committee 

Human 

Resources 
Committee 

Board-level 

governance matters 

Credit Risk 

Conduct Risk 
(culture, ethics 
and integrity, 

incentive 

compensation) 

Interest Rate 

Risk 

Market Risk 

COMPANY-WIDE 
RISKS including: 

- Compliance 

- Conduct 

- Data 

- Financial Crimes 

- Information 

Security

 - Liquidity 

- Model 

- Operational 

- Strategic 
- Technology 

Corporate 
Allowance 
for Credit 

Losses 
Approval 

Governance 
Committee 

Management-level Governance Committees 

Capital 

Adequacy 
Process 

Committee 

Enterprise Risk 
Management 
Committee (3) 

Capital 

Management 
Committee 

Corporate 
Asset and 
Liability 

Committee 

Incentive 

Compensation 

Committee 

Recovery 

and 

Resolution 
Committee 

(1) 	 The Audit & Examination Committee additionally oversees the internal audit function, external auditor performance, and the disclosure framework for financial, regulatory 

and risk reports prepared for the Board, management, and bank regulatory agencies, and assists the Board in its oversight of the Company’s compliance with legal and 
regulatory requirements. 

(2) 	 The Risk Committee has formed a compliance subcommittee and a technology subcommittee to provide more focused oversight of those risks. 
(3) 	 Certain committees that report to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee have dual escalation and informational reporting paths to Board-level committees. 

Board Oversight of Risk 
The business and affairs of the Company are managed under the 
direction of the Board, whose responsibilities include overseeing 
the Company’s risk management structure. The Board carries 
out its risk oversight responsibilities directly and through the 
work of its seven standing committees, which all report to the 
full Board. Each Board committee works closely with 
management to understand and oversee the Company’s key risk 
exposures. 

The Risk Committee oversees company-wide risks. The 

Board’s other standing committees also have primary oversight 
responsibility for certain specific risk matters, as highlighted in 
Table 16. 

The Risk Committee additionally oversees the Company's 
Corporate Risk function and plays an active role in approving 
and overseeing the Company’s company-wide risk management 
framework established by management to manage risk. The Risk 
Committee and the full Board review and approve the enterprise 
statement of risk appetite annually, and the Risk Committee also 
actively monitors the risk profile relative to the approved risk 
appetite. 

The full Board receives reports at each of its meetings from 

the Board committee chairs about committee activities, 
including risk oversight matters, and the Risk Committee 
receives a quarterly report from the management-level 
Enterprise Risk Management Committee regarding current or 
emerging risk matters. 

Management Oversight of Risk 
In addition to the Board committees that oversee the Company’s 
risk management framework, the Company has established 
several management-level governance committees to support 
Wells Fargo leaders in carrying out their risk management 
responsibilities. Each risk-focused governance committee has a 
defined set of authorities and responsibilities specific to one or 
more risk types. The risk governance committee structure is 
designed so that significant risks are considered and, if 
necessary, decided upon at the appropriate level of the Company 
and by the appropriate mix of executives. 

The Enterprise Risk Management Committee, chaired by 

the Company’s Chief Risk Officer (CRO), oversees the 
management of all risk types across the Company. The 

66 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Enterprise Risk Management Committee reports to the Board’s 
Risk Committee, and serves as the focal point for risk 
governance and oversight at the management level. 

Corporate Risk develops our enterprise statement of risk 

appetite in the context of our risk management framework 
described above. As part of Wells Fargo’s risk appetite, we 
maintain metrics along with associated objectives to measure 
and monitor the amount of risk that the Company is prepared to 
take. Actual results of these metrics are reported to the 
Enterprise Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis as 
well as to the Board’s Risk Committee. Our operating segments 
also have business-specific risk appetite statements based on the 
enterprise statement of risk appetite. The metrics included in the 
operating segment statements are harmonized with the 
enterprise level metrics to ensure consistency where appropriate. 
Business lines also maintain metrics and qualitative statements 
that are unique to their line of business. This allows for 
monitoring of risk and definition of risk appetite deeper within 
the organization. 

While the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and the 

committees that report to it serve as the focal point for the 
management of company-wide risk matters, the management of 
specific risk types is supported by additional management-level 
governance committees, which all report to at least one of the 
Board’s standing committees. 

The Company’s management-level governance committees 

collectively help management facilitate company-wide 
understanding and monitoring of risks and challenges faced by 
the Company. 

The Corporate Risk organization, which is the Company’s 

primary second-line of defense, is headed by the Company’s 
Chief Risk Officer who, among other things, is responsible for 
setting the strategic direction and driving the execution of Wells 
Fargo’s risk management activities. 

The Chief Risk Officer, as well as the Chief Risk Officer’s 
direct reports, work closely with the Board’s committees and 
frequently provide reports and updates to the committees and 
the committee chairs on risk matters during and outside of 
regular committee meetings, as appropriate. 

Conduct Risk Management 
Conduct risk is the risk resulting from behavior that does not 
comply with the Company’s values or ethical principles. 

Our Board has enhanced its oversight of conduct risk to 

oversee the alignment of team member conduct to the 
Company’s risk appetite (which the Board approves annually) 
 
and culture as reflected in our Vision, Values and Goals and 
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Board’s Risk 
Committee has primary oversight responsibility for company-
wide conduct risk, while certain other Board committees have 
primary oversight responsibility for specific components of 
conduct risk. For example, the conduct risk oversight 
responsibilities of the Board’s Human Resources Committee 
include the Company’s human capital management, company-
wide culture, the Ethics Oversight program (including the 
Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct), and oversight 
of our company-wide incentive compensation risk management 
program. 

At the management level, the new Conduct Management 
Office has primary oversight responsibility for key elements of 
conduct risk, including internal investigations, sales practices 
oversight, complaints oversight, and ethics oversight. This office 
reports and is accountable to the CRO and the Enterprise Risk 
Management Committee and also has direct escalation and 
informational reporting paths to the relevant Board committees. 

Operational Risk Management 
Operational risk is the risk resulting from inadequate or failed 
internal controls and processes, people and systems, or resulting 
from external events. Operational risk is inherent in all Wells 
Fargo products and services as it often arises in the presence of 
other risk types. 

The Board’s Risk Committee has primary oversight 

responsibility for all aspects of operational risk. In this capacity, 
it reviews and approves significant supporting operational risk 
policies and programs, including the Company’s business 
continuity, financial crimes, information security, privacy, 
technology, and third-party risk management policies and 
programs. In addition, it periodically reviews updates from 
management on the overall state of operational risk, including 
all related programs and risk types. 

At the management level, the Operational Risk Group has 

primary oversight responsibility for operational risk. This group 
reports and is accountable to the CRO and the Enterprise Risk 
Management Committee, and existing management-level 
committees with primary oversight responsibility for key 
elements of operational risk report to it while maintaining 
relevant dual escalation and informational reporting paths to 
Board-level committees. 

Information security is a significant operational risk for 

financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, and includes the risk 
of losses resulting from cyber attacks. Wells Fargo and other 
financial institutions continue to be the target of various 
evolving and adaptive cyber attacks, including malware and 
denial-of-service, as part of an effort to disrupt the operations of 
financial institutions, potentially test their cybersecurity 
capabilities, or obtain confidential, proprietary or other 
information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting the 
infrastructure of the internet, causing the widespread 
unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. 
Wells Fargo has not experienced any material losses relating to 
these or other cyber attacks. Addressing cybersecurity risks is a 
priority for Wells Fargo, and we continue to develop and 
enhance our controls, processes and systems in order to protect 
our networks, computers, software and data from attack, 
damage or unauthorized access. We are also proactively involved 
in industry cybersecurity efforts and working with other parties, 
including our third-party service providers and governmental 
agencies, to continue to enhance defenses and improve resiliency 
to cybersecurity threats. See the “Risk Factors” section in this 
Report for additional information regarding the risks associated 
with a failure or breach of our operational or security systems or 
infrastructure, including as a result of cyber attacks. 

Compliance Risk Management 
Compliance risk is the risk resulting from the failure to comply 
with applicable laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory 
requirements, or the failure to appropriately address and limit 
violations of law and any associated harm to customers. 
Compliance risk encompasses compliance with the applicable 
standards of self-regulatory organizations as well as with 
internal policies and procedures. 

The Board’s Risk Committee has primary oversight 

responsibility for compliance risk. In this capacity, it periodically 
receives updates and reports from management on the state of 
compliance risk in the Company. 

At the management level, Wells Fargo Compliance has 

primary oversight responsibility for compliance risk. This 
management-level organization reports and is accountable to the 
CRO and the Enterprise Risk Management Committee and also 
has a direct escalation and information reporting path to the 

Wells Fargo & Company 

67 

Risk Management (continued) 

Board's Risk Committee. We continue to enhance our oversight 
of operational and compliance risk management, including as 
required by the FRB’s February 2, 2018 consent order. 

Credit Risk Management 
We define credit risk as the risk of loss associated with a 
borrower or counterparty default (failure to meet obligations in 
accordance with agreed upon terms). Credit risk exists with 
many of our assets and exposures such as debt security holdings, 
certain derivatives, and loans. The following discussion focuses 
on our loan portfolios, which represent the largest component of 
assets on our balance sheet for which we have credit risk. 

Table 17 presents our total loans outstanding by portfolio 

segment and class of financing receivable. 

Table 17:  Total Loans Outstanding by Portfolio Segment and 
Class of Financing Receivable 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien 

mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total loans 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$  333,125 
126,599 
24,279 
19,385 

503,388 

330,840 
132,491 
23,916 
19,289 

506,536 

284,054 

275,579 

39,713 
37,976 
53,371 
38,268 

453,382 

$  956,770 

46,237 
36,700 
62,286 
40,266 

461,068 

967,604 

We manage our credit risk by establishing what we believe 
are sound credit policies for underwriting new business, while 
monitoring and reviewing the performance of our existing loan 
portfolios. We employ various credit risk management and 
monitoring activities to mitigate risks associated with multiple 
risk factors affecting loans we hold, could acquire or originate 
including: 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
•  Merger and acquisition activities 
•  Reputation risk 

Loan concentrations and related credit quality 
Counterparty credit risk 
Economic and market conditions 
Legislative or regulatory mandates 
Changes in interest rates 

Our credit risk management oversight process is governed 

centrally, but provides for decentralized management and 
accountability by our lines of business. Our overall credit process 
includes comprehensive credit policies, disciplined credit 
underwriting, frequent and detailed risk measurement and 
modeling, extensive credit training programs, and a continual 
loan review and audit process. 

A key to our credit risk management is adherence to a well-

controlled underwriting process, which we believe is appropriate 
for the needs of our customers as well as investors who purchase 
the loans or securities collateralized by the loans. 

68 

Wells Fargo & Company 

  

Credit Quality Overview  Credit quality improved in 2017, as 
our net charge-off rate remained low at 0.31% of average total 
loans. We continued to benefit from improvements in the 
performance of our residential real estate portfolio along with 
lower losses in our oil and gas portfolio. In particular: 
• 	 Nonaccrual loans were $8.0 billion at December 31, 2017, 

For additional information on PCI loans, see the “Risk 
Management – Credit Risk Management – Real Estate 1-4 
Family First and Junior Lien Mortgage Loans – Pick-a-Pay 
Portfolio” section of this Report, Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies ) and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for 
Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

down from $10.4 billion at December 31, 2016. Commercial 
nonaccrual loans declined to $2.6 billion at December 31, 
2017, compared with $4.1 billion at December 31, 2016, and 
consumer nonaccrual loans declined to $5.4 billion at 
December 31, 2017, compared with $6.3 billion at 
December 31, 2016. The decline reflected an improved 
housing market and continued improvement in our oil and 
gas portfolio. Nonaccrual loans represented 0.84% of total 
loans at December 31, 2017, compared with 1.07% at 
December 31, 2016. 

• 	 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans 

• 	

declined to 0.31% in 2017, compared with 0.37% in 2016. 
Net charge-offs as a percentage of our average commercial 
and consumer portfolios were 0.09% and 0.55% in 2017, 
respectively, compared with 0.22% and 0.53%, respectively, 
in 2016. 
Loans that are not government insured/guaranteed and 
90 days or more past due and still accruing were 
$49 million and $1.0 billion in our commercial and 
consumer portfolios, respectively, at December 31, 2017, 
compared with $64 million and $908 million at 
December 31, 2016. 

• 	 Our provision for credit losses was $2.5 billion during 2017, 

• 	

compared with $3.8 billion in 2016. 
The allowance for credit losses declined to $12.0 billion, or 
1.25% of total loans, at December 31, 2017, compared with 
$12.5 billion, or 1.30%, at December 31, 2016. 

Additional information on our loan portfolios and our credit 

quality trends follows. 

 

PURCHASED CREDIT-IMPAIRED (PCI) LOANS  Loans 
acquired with evidence of credit deterioration since their 
origination and where it is probable that we will not collect all 
contractually required principal and interest payments are PCI 
loans. Substantially all of our PCI loans were acquired in the 
Wachovia acquisition on December 31, 2008. PCI loans are 
recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, and the 
historical allowance for credit losses related to these loans is not 
carried over. The carrying value of PCI loans at December 31, 
2017, totaled $12.8 billion, compared with $16.7 billion at 
December 31, 2016, and $58.8 billion at December 31, 2008. The 
decrease from December 31, 2016, was due in part to 
prepayments observed in our Pick-a-Pay PCI portfolio, as well as 
the sale of $569 million of Pick-a-Pay PCI loans in second 
quarter 2017. PCI loans are considered to be accruing due to the 
existence of the accretable yield amount, which represents the 
cash expected to be collected in excess of their carrying value, 
and not based on consideration given to contractual interest 
payments. The accretable yield at December 31, 2017, was 
$8.9 billion. 

A nonaccretable difference is established for PCI loans to 

absorb losses expected on the contractual amounts of those 
loans in excess of the fair value recorded at the date of 
acquisition. Amounts absorbed by the nonaccretable difference 
do not affect the income statement or the allowance for credit 
losses. At December 31, 2017, $474 million in nonaccretable 
difference remained to absorb losses on PCI loans. 

 

Significant Loan Portfolio Reviews  Measuring and 
monitoring our credit risk is an ongoing process that tracks 
delinquencies, collateral values, Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) 
scores, economic trends by geographic areas, loan-level risk 
grading for certain portfolios (typically commercial) and other 
indications of credit risk. Our credit risk monitoring process is 
designed to enable early identification of developing risk and to 
support our determination of an appropriate allowance for credit 
losses. The following discussion provides additional 
characteristics and analysis of our significant portfolios. See 
Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial 
Statements in this Report for more analysis and credit metric 
information for each of the following portfolios. 

 

COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL LOANS AND LEASE 
FINANCING  For purposes of portfolio risk management, we 
aggregate commercial and industrial loans and lease financing 
according to market segmentation and standard industry 
codes. We generally subject commercial and industrial loans and 
lease financing to individual risk assessment using our internal 
borrower and collateral quality ratings. Our ratings are aligned 
to regulatory definitions of pass and criticized categories with 
criticized divided between special mention, substandard, 
doubtful and loss categories. 

The commercial and industrial loans and lease financing 

portfolio totaled $352.5 billion, or 37% of total loans, at 
December 31, 2017. The net charge-off rate for this portfolio was 
0.15% in 2017 compared with 0.35% in 2016. At December 31, 
2017, 0.56% of this portfolio was nonaccruing, compared with 
 
0.95% at December 31, 2016, reflecting a decrease of $1.4 billion 
in nonaccrual loans, predominantly due to improvement in the 
oil and gas portfolio. Also, $17.9 billion of the commercial and 
industrial loan and lease financing portfolio was internally 
classified as criticized in accordance with regulatory guidance at 
December 31, 2017, compared with $24.0 billion at 
December 31, 2016. The decrease in criticized loans, which also 
includes the decrease in nonaccrual loans, was primarily due to 
improvement in the oil and gas portfolio. 

Most of our commercial and industrial loans and lease 
financing portfolio is secured by short-term assets, such as 
accounts receivable, inventory and securities, as well as long-
lived assets, such as equipment and other business assets. 
Generally, the collateral securing this portfolio represents a 
secondary source of repayment. 

Table 18 provides a breakout of commercial and industrial 
 
loans and lease financing by industry, and includes $61.2 billion 
of foreign loans at December 31, 2017. Foreign loans totaled 
$19.2 billion within the investors category, $18.4 billion within 
the financial institutions category and $1.4 billion within the oil 
and gas category. 

The investors category includes loans to special purpose 

vehicles (SPVs) formed by sponsoring entities to invest in 
financial assets backed predominantly by commercial and 
residential real estate or corporate cash flow, and are repaid 
from the asset cash flows or the sale of assets by the SPV. We 
limit loan amounts to a percentage of the value of the underlying 
assets, as determined by us, based on analysis of underlying 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

69 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

credit risk and other factors such as asset duration and ongoing 
performance. 

We provide financial institutions with a variety of 

relationship focused products and services, including loans 
supporting short-term trade finance and working capital needs. 
The $18.4 billion of foreign loans in the financial institutions 
category were predominantly originated by our Financial 
Institutions business.

 The oil and gas loan portfolio totaled $12.5 billion, or 1% of 

total outstanding loans at December 31, 2017, compared with 
$14.8 billion, or 2% of total outstanding loans at December 31, 
2016. Oil and gas nonaccrual loans decreased to $1.1 billion at 
December 31, 2017, compared with $2.4 billion at December 31, 
2016, due to improved portfolio performance. 

Table 18:  Commercial and Industrial Loans and Lease 
Financing by Industry (1) 

  

December 31, 2017 
% of total 
loans 

Total 

portfolio  (2) 

(in millions) 

Investors 
Financial institutions 
Cyclical retailers 
Healthcare 
Food and beverage 
Real estate lessor 
Industrial equipment 
Technology 
Oil and gas 
Transportation 
Public administration 
Business services 
Other 

Nonaccrual 
loans 

$ 

11 
2 
78 
49 
9 
8 
153 
38 
1,092 
139 
20 
31 
345 

61,851 
40,771 
26,334 
17,255 
16,627 
15,140 
14,950 
13,475 
12,483 
9,053 
8,839 
8,604 

107,128  (3) 

6% 
4 
3 
2 
2 
2 
2 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
11 

37% 

Risk mitigation actions, including the restructuring of 

repayment terms, securing collateral or guarantees, and entering 
into extensions, are based on a re-underwriting of the loan and 
our assessment of the borrower’s ability to perform under the 
agreed-upon terms. Extension terms generally range from six to 
thirty-six months and may require that the borrower provide 
additional economic support in the form of partial repayment, or 
additional collateral or guarantees. In cases where the value of 
collateral or financial condition of the borrower is insufficient to 
repay our loan, we may rely upon the support of an outside 
repayment guarantee in providing the extension. 

Our ability to seek performance under a guarantee is 

directly related to the guarantor’s creditworthiness, capacity and 
willingness to perform, which is evaluated on an annual basis, or 
more frequently as warranted. Our evaluation is based on the 
most current financial information available and is focused on 
various key financial metrics, including net worth, leverage, and 
current and future liquidity. We consider the guarantor’s 
reputation, creditworthiness, and willingness to work with us 
based on our analysis as well as other lenders’ experience with 
the guarantor. Our assessment of the guarantor’s credit strength 
is reflected in our loan risk ratings for such loans. The loan risk 
rating and accruing status are important factors in our allowance 
methodology. 

In considering the accrual status of the loan, we evaluate the 
collateral and future cash flows as well as the anticipated support 
of any repayment guarantor. In many cases, the strength of the 
guarantor provides sufficient assurance that full repayment of 
the loan is expected. When full and timely collection of the loan 
becomes uncertain, including the performance of the guarantor, 
we place the loan on nonaccrual status. As appropriate, we also 
charge the loan down in accordance with our charge-off policies, 
generally to the net realizable value of the collateral securing the 
loan, if any. 

Total	 

$ 

1,975 

352,510 

(1) 	

(2) 	

Industry categories are based on the North American Industry Classification 
System and the amounts reported include foreign loans. See Note 6 (Loans 
and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report for a 
breakout of commercial foreign loans. 
Includes $86 million PCI loans, which are considered to be accruing due to the 
existence of the accretable yield and not based on consideration given to 
contractual interest payments. 

(3) 	 No other single industry had total loans in excess of $6.9 billion. 

70 

Wells Fargo & Company 

COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE (CRE)  We generally subject CRE 
loans to individual risk assessment using our internal borrower 
and collateral quality ratings. Our ratings are aligned to 
regulatory definitions of pass and criticized categories with 
criticized divided among special mention, substandard, doubtful 
and loss categories. The CRE portfolio, which included 
 
$8.7 billion of foreign CRE loans, totaled $150.9 billion, or 16% 
of total loans, at December 31, 2017, and consisted of 
$126.6 billion of mortgage loans and $24.3 billion of 
construction loans. 

Table 19 summarizes CRE loans by state and property type 
with the related nonaccrual totals. The portfolio is diversified 
both geographically and by property type. The largest geographic 

Table 19:  CRE Loans by State and Property Type 

  

concentrations of CRE loans are in California, New York, Texas 
and Florida, which combined represented 49% of the total CRE 
portfolio. By property type, the largest concentrations are office 
buildings at 28% and apartments at 16% of the portfolio. CRE 
nonaccrual loans totaled 0.4% of the CRE outstanding balance at 
December 31, 2017, compared with 0.5% at December 31, 2016. 
At December 31, 2017, we had $4.3 billion of criticized CRE 
mortgage loans, compared with $5.4 billion at December 31, 
2016, and $298 million of criticized CRE construction loans, 
compared with $461 million at December 31, 2016. 

(in millions) 

By state: 
California 
New York 
Texas 
Florida 
North Carolina 
Georgia 
Arizona 
Virginia 
Illinois 
Washington 
Other 

Total 

By property: 
Office buildings 
Apartments 
Industrial/warehouse 
Retail (excluding shopping center) 
Shopping center 
Hotel/motel 
Real estate - other 
Institutional 
Agriculture 
1-4 family structure 
Other 

Total 

Real estate mortgage 
Total 
portfolio 

Nonaccrual 
loans 

Real estate construction 
Total 
portfolio 

Nonaccrual 
loans 

Nonaccrual 
loans 

Total 
Total 
portfolio 

% of 
total
loans 

December 31, 2017 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

132 
11 
95 
49 
27 
16 
25 
10 
5 
18 
240 

628 

130 
19 
127 
85 
12 
21 
92 
55 
35 
— 
52 

628 

35,773 
10,087 
8,941 
7,838 
3,947 
3,699 
3,854 
3,283 
3,482 
3,115 
42,580 

126,599 

39,400 
15,067 
15,672 
16,464 
11,855 
9,229 
6,760 
3,276 
2,572 
10 
6,294 

126,599 

2 
— 
— 
2 
6 
1 
— 
— 
— 
— 
26 

37 

2 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
2 
— 
— 
13 
20 

37 

4,073 
2,789 
1,999 
1,979 
879 
881 
593 
1,000 
469 
568 
9,049 

24,279 

3,282 
8,543 
1,884 
605 
1,274 
1,817 
173 
1,651 
22 
2,410 
2,618 

24,279 

134 
11 
95 
51 
33 
17 
25 
10 
5 
18 
266 

665 

132 
19 
127 
85 
12 
21 
94 
55 
35 
13 
72 

665 

39,846 
12,876 
10,940 
9,817 
4,826 
4,580 
4,447 
4,283 
3,951 
3,683 

51,629  (1) 

4% 
1 
1 
1 
1 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
5 

150,878 

16% 

42,682 
23,610 
17,556 
17,069 
13,129 
11,046 
6,933 
4,927 
2,594 
2,420 
8,912 

4% 
2 
2 
2 
1 
1 
1 
* 
* 
* 
1 

150,878 

16% 

* 
(1) 

Less than 1%. 
Includes 40 states; no state had loans in excess of $3.5 billion. 

FOREIGN LOANS AND COUNTRY RISK EXPOSURE  We 
classify loans for financial statement and certain regulatory 
purposes as foreign primarily based on whether the borrower’s 
primary address is outside of the United States. At December 31, 
2017, foreign loans totaled $70.4 billion, representing 
approximately 7% of our total consolidated loans outstanding, 
compared with $65.7 billion, or approximately 7% of total 
consolidated loans outstanding, at December 31, 2016. Foreign 
loans were approximately 4% of our consolidated total assets at 
December 31, 2017, and 3% at December 31, 2016. 

Our country risk monitoring process incorporates frequent 
dialogue with our financial institution customers, counterparties 
and regulatory agencies, enhanced by centralized monitoring of 

macroeconomic and capital markets conditions in the respective 
countries. We establish exposure limits for each country through 
a centralized oversight process based on customer needs, and in 
consideration of relevant economic, political, social, legal, and 
transfer risks. We monitor exposures closely and adjust our 
country limits in response to changing conditions. 

We evaluate our individual country risk exposure based on 

our assessment of the borrower’s ability to repay, which gives 
consideration for allowable transfers of risk such as guarantees 
and collateral and may be different from the reporting based on 
the borrower’s primary address. Our largest single foreign 
country exposure based on our assessment of risk at 
December 31, 2017, was the United Kingdom, which totaled 

Wells Fargo & Company 

71 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

$28.4 billion, or approximately 1% of our total assets, and 
included $5.0 billion of sovereign claims. Our United Kingdom 
sovereign claims arise predominantly from deposits we have 
placed with the Bank of England pursuant to regulatory 
requirements in support of our London branch. The United 
Kingdom officially announced its intention to leave the 
European Union (Brexit) on March 29, 2017, starting the two-
year negotiation process leading to its departure. We continue to 
conduct assessments and are executing our implementation 
plans to ensure we can continue to prudently serve our 
customers post-Brexit. 

Table 20:  Select Country Exposures 

  

Table 20 provides information regarding our top 20 

exposures by country (excluding the U.S.) and our Eurozone 
exposure, based on our assessment of risk, which gives 
consideration to the country of any guarantors and/or 
underlying collateral. Our exposure to Puerto Rico (considered 
part of U.S. exposure) is predominantly through automobile 
lending and was not material to our consolidated country 
exposure. 

(in millions) 

Top 20 country exposures: 
United Kingdom 
Canada 
Germany 
Cayman Islands 
Ireland 
Bermuda 
China 
Netherlands 
India 
Luxembourg 
Australia 
Chile 
Guernsey 
Brazil 
France 
Japan 
South Korea 
Jersey, C.I. 
Switzerland 
Mexico 

Total top 20 country exposures 

$ 

Eurozone exposure: 
Eurozone countries included in Top 20 above (5)  $ 
Austria 
Spain 
Belgium 
Other Eurozone countries (6) 
Total Eurozone exposure 

$ 

Securities (2) 

Derivatives and other (3)	 

December 31, 2017 

Total exposure 

Sovereign 

Non-
sovereign 

Sovereign 

Non-
sovereign 

Sovereign 

Non­
sovereign (4) 

Lending (1) 

Non-
sovereign 

Sovereign 

$ 

4,986 
31 
4,323 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
297 
— 
— 
— 
103 
9,740 

4,323 
— 
— 
— 
24 
4,347 

20,828 
17,429 
1,703 
5,732 
3,543 
3,141 
2,961 
2,337 
2,341 
1,162 
1,575 
1,674 
1,609 
1,569 
971 
921 
1,174 
662 
998 
958 
73,288 

9,716 
571 
401 
295 
245 
11,228 

— 
196 
8 
— 
— 
— 
(1) 
77 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(1) 
— 
5 
(5) 
— 
— 
— 
279 

85 
— 
— 
— 
8 
93 

1,807 
273 
12 
— 
97 
81 
154 
358 
133 
664 
121 
55 
15 
14 
96 
(17) 
68 
451 
95 
5 
4,482 

1,227 
— 
29 
(42) 
57 
1,271 

7 
— 
8 
— 
— 
— 
24 
1 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1 
— 
— 
— 
41 

9 
— 
— 
— 
— 
9 

792 
427 
397 
213 
178 
191 
34 
189 
— 
168 
75 
— 
3 
1 
214 
55 
7 
15 
27 
2 
2,988 

1,146 
1 
23 
6 
— 
1,176 

4,993 
227 
4,339 
— 
— 
— 
23 
78 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(1) 
— 
302 
(4) 
— 
— 
103 
10,060 

4,417 
— 
— 
— 
32 
4,449 

23,427 
18,129 
2,112 
5,945 
3,818 
3,413 
3,149 
2,884 
2,474 
1,994 
1,771 
1,729 
1,627 
1,584 
1,281 
959 
1,249 
1,128 
1,120 
965 
80,758 

12,089 
572
453
259 
302 
13,675 

Total 

28,420 
18,356 
6,451 
5,945 
3,818 
3,413 
3,172 
2,962 
2,474 
1,994 
1,771 
1,729 
1,627 
1,583 
1,281 
1,261 
1,245 
1,128 
1,120 
1,068 
90,818 

16,506 
572 
453 
259 
334 
18,124 

(1) 	 Lending exposure includes funded loans and unfunded commitments, leveraged leases, and money market placements presented on a gross basis prior to the deduction of 

impairment allowance and collateral received under the terms of the credit agreements. For the countries listed above, there are $551 million in defeased leases secured 
significantly by U.S. Treasury and government agency securities. 

(2) 	 Represents exposure on debt and equity securities of foreign issuers. Long and short positions are netted and net short positions are reflected as negative exposure. 
(3) 	 Represents counterparty exposure on foreign exchange and derivative contracts, and securities resale and lending agreements. This exposure is presented net of 

counterparty netting adjustments and reduced by the amount of cash collateral. It includes credit default swaps (CDS) predominantly used for market making activities in 
the U.S. and London based trading businesses, which sometimes results in selling and purchasing protection on the identical reference entities. Generally, we do not use 
market instruments such as CDS to hedge the credit risk of our investment or loan positions, although we do use them to manage risk in our trading businesses. At 
December 31, 2017, the gross notional amount of our CDS sold that reference assets in the Top 20 or Eurozone countries was $287 million, which was offset by the 
notional amount of CDS purchased of $497 million. We did not have any CDS purchased or sold that reference pools of assets that contain sovereign debt or where the 
reference asset was solely the sovereign debt of a foreign country. 

(4) 	 For countries presented in the table, total non-sovereign exposure comprises $39.7 billion exposure to financial institutions and $42.6 billion to non-financial corporations 

at December 31, 2017. 

(5) 	 Consists of exposure to Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, Luxembourg and France included in Top 20. 
(6) 	

Includes non-sovereign exposure to Italy, Portugal, and Greece in the amount of $154 million, $24 million and $2 million, respectively. We had no sovereign exposure to 
Portugal and Greece, and the sovereign exposure to Italy was $8 million at December 31, 2017. 

72 

Wells Fargo & Company 

REAL ESTATE 1-4 FAMILY FIRST AND JUNIOR LIEN 
MORTGAGE LOANS  Our real estate 1-4 family first and junior 
lien mortgage loans, as presented in Table 21, include loans we 
have made to customers and retained as part of our asset/ 
liability management strategy, the Pick-a-Pay portfolio acquired 

 

from Wachovia which is discussed later in this Report and other 
purchased loans, and loans included on our balance sheet as a 
result of consolidation of variable interest entities (VIEs). 

Table 21:  Real Estate 1-4 Family First and Junior Lien Mortgage Loans 

  

December 31, 2017 
% of 
portfolio 
88% 
12 

Balance 
284,054 
39,713 

$ 

December 31, 2016 
% of 
portfolio 
86% 
14 

Balance 
275,579 
46,237 

$ 

$  323,767 

100% 

$  321,816 

100% 

Part of our credit monitoring includes tracking delinquency, 
current FICO scores and loan/combined loan to collateral values 
(LTV/CLTV) on the entire real estate 1-4 family mortgage loan 
portfolio. These credit risk indicators, which exclude government 
insured/guaranteed loans, continued to improve in 2017 on the 
non-PCI mortgage portfolio. Loans 30 days or more delinquent 
at December 31, 2017, totaled $5.3 billion, or 2% of total non-
PCI mortgages, compared with $5.9 billion, or 2%, at 
December 31, 2016. Loans with FICO scores lower than 
640 totaled $11.7 billion, or 4% of total non-PCI mortgages at 
December 31, 2017, compared with $16.6 billion, or 5%, at 
December 31, 2016. Mortgages with a LTV/CLTV greater than 
100% totaled $6.1 billion at December 31, 2017, or 2% of total 
non-PCI mortgages, compared with $8.9 billion, or 3%, at 
December 31, 2016. Information regarding credit quality 
indicators, including PCI credit quality indicators, can be found 
in Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

(in millions) 
Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 

Total real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans 

The real estate 1-4 family mortgage loan portfolio includes 

some loans with adjustable-rate features and some with an 
interest-only feature as part of the loan terms. Interest-only 
loans were approximately 4% and 7% of total loans at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We believe we have 
manageable adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) reset risk across 
our owned mortgage loan portfolios. We do not offer option 
ARM products, nor do we offer variable-rate mortgage products 
with fixed payment amounts, commonly referred to within the 
financial services industry as negative amortizing mortgage 
loans. The option ARMs we do have are included in the Pick-a-
Pay portfolio which was acquired from Wachovia. Since our 
acquisition of the Pick-a-Pay loan portfolio at the end of 2008, 
the option payment portion of the portfolio has reduced from 
86% to 36% at December 31, 2017, as a result of our modification 
and loss mitigation efforts. For more information, see the “Pick­
a-Pay Portfolio” section in this Report. 

We continue to modify real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans 

to assist homeowners and other borrowers experiencing 
financial difficulties. Loans are generally underwritten at the 
time of the modification in accordance with underwriting 
guidelines established for our loan modification programs. 
Under these programs, we may provide concessions such as 
interest rate reductions, forbearance of principal, and in some 
cases, principal forgiveness. These programs generally include 
trial payment periods of three to four months, and after 
successful completion and compliance with terms during this 
period, the loan is permanently modified. Loans included under 
these programs are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings 
(TDRs) at the start of a trial period or at the time of permanent 
modification, if no trial period is used. See the “Critical 
Accounting Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” section in 
this Report for discussion on how we determine the allowance 
attributable to our modified residential real estate portfolios. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

73 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgage loans by 

state are presented in Table 22. Our real estate 1-4 family non-
 
PCI mortgage loans to borrowers in California represented 12% 
of total loans at December 31, 2017, located mostly within the 
larger metropolitan areas, with no single California metropolitan 
area consisting of more than 4% of total loans. We monitor 
changes in real estate values and underlying economic or market 
conditions for all geographic areas of our real estate 1-4 family 
first and junior lien mortgage portfolios as part of our credit risk 
management process. Our underwriting and periodic review of 
loans and lines secured by residential real estate collateral 
includes appraisals or estimates from automated valuation 
models (AVMs) to support property values. AVMs are computer-
based tools used to estimate the market value of homes. AVMs 
are a lower-cost alternative to appraisals and support valuations 
of large numbers of properties in a short period of time using 
market comparables and price trends for local market areas. The 
primary risk associated with the use of AVMs is that the value of 
an individual property may vary significantly from the average 
for the market area. We have processes to periodically validate 
AVMs and specific risk management guidelines addressing the 
circumstances when AVMs may be used. AVMs are not allowed 
in real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgage origination 
underwriting. Broker evaluations and enhanced desktop 
appraisal reports are allowed in junior lien originations and 
some first lien line of credit originations up to $250,000. An 
appraisal is required for all real estate 1-4 family first and junior 
lien mortgage commitments greater than $250,000. Additional 
information about AVMs and our policy for their use can be 
found in Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

Table 22:  Real Estate 1-4 Family First and Junior Lien 
Mortgage Loans by State 

  

December 31, 2017 

Real 
estate 
1-4 
family 
junior 
lien 

Real 
estate 
1-4 family 
first 

family 
mortgage  mortgage  mortgage 

1-4  % of 
total 
loans 

Total real 
estate 

$ 101,464 
26,624 
13,212 
13,083 
7,944 
8,845 
8,713 
6,044 
5,636 
64,624 

10,599 
1,937 
3,606 
3,688 
2,358 
857 
730 
1,872 
2,210 
11,829 

112,063 
28,561 
16,818 
16,771 
10,302 
9,702 
9,443 
7,916 
7,846 
76,453 

15,143 

— 

15,143 

12% 

3 
2 
2 
1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
8 

1 

271,332 

39,686 

311,018 

33 

12,722 

27 

12,749 

1 

(in millions) 
Real estate 1-4 family 
loans (excluding PCI): 
California 
New York 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Virginia 
Washington 
Texas 
North Carolina 
Pennsylvania 
Other (1) 
Government insured/ 

guaranteed loans (2) 
Real estate 1-4 family 
loans (excluding PCI) 

Real estate 1-4 family 
PCI loans 

Total 

$ 284,054 

39,713 

323,767 

34% 

(1) 	 Consists of 41 states; no state had loans in excess of $6.8 billion. 
(2) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the Federal 

Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans 
Affairs (VA). 

74 

Wells Fargo & Company 

First Lien Mortgage Portfolio  Our total real estate 1-4 
family first lien mortgage portfolio increased $8.5 billion in 
2017, as non-conforming loan growth was partially offset by a 
decline in Pick-a-Pay loan balances. We retained $49.4 billion in 
non-conforming originations, consisting of loans that exceed 
conventional conforming loan amount limits established by 
federal government-sponsored entities (GSEs) in 2017. 

The credit performance associated with our real estate 1-4 

family first lien mortgage portfolio continued to improve in 
2017, as measured through net charge-offs and nonaccrual 
loans. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average real estate 1-4 
family first lien mortgage loans improved to a net recovery of 
0.02% in 2017, compared with a net charge-off of 0.03% in 2016. 

Table 23:  First Lien Mortgage Portfolio Performance 

  

Nonaccrual loans were $4.1 billion at December 31, 2017, 
compared with $5.0 billion at December 31, 2016. Improvement 
in the credit performance was driven by an improving housing 
environment. Real estate 1-4 family first lien mortgage loans 
originated after 2008, which generally utilized tighter 
underwriting standards, comprised approximately 79% of our 
total real estate 1-4 family first lien mortgage portfolio as of 
December 31, 2017. 

Table 23 shows certain delinquency and loss information for 

the first lien mortgage portfolio and lists the top five states by 
outstanding balance. 

(in millions) 
California 
New York 
New Jersey 
Florida 
Washington 
Other 

Total 

Government insured/guaranteed loans 
PCI 

Total first lien mortgages 

% of loans 30 days or 
more past due 

December 31, 
2016 
1.21 
1.97 
3.66 
3.62 
1.20 
2.59 

2017 
1.06% 
1.65 
2.74 
3.95 
0.85 
2.25 

Loss (recovery) rate 

Year ended December 31, 
2016 
(0.08) 
0.08 
0.36 
(0.09) 
(0.13) 
0.12 

2017 
(0.07) 
0.03 
0.16 
(0.16) 
(0.08) 
0.02 

1.78 

2.07 

(0.02) 

0.03 

$ 

Outstanding balance 

December 31, 
2016 
94,015 
23,815 
12,669 
13,737 
7,852 
91,868 

2017 
101,464 
26,624 
13,212 
13,083 
8,845 
92,961 

256,189 
15,143 
12,722 
284,054 

$ 

243,956 
15,605 
16,018 
275,579 

Wells Fargo & Company 

75 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

 

Pick-a-Pay Portfolio  The Pick-a-Pay portfolio was one of the 
consumer residential first lien mortgage portfolios we acquired 
from Wachovia and a majority of the portfolio was identified as 
PCI loans. 

The Pick-a-Pay portfolio includes loans that offer payment 

options (Pick-a-Pay option payment loans), and also includes 
loans that were originated without the option payment feature, 
loans that no longer offer the option feature as a result of our 
modification efforts since the acquisition, and loans where the 
customer voluntarily converted to a fixed-rate product. The Pick­
a-Pay portfolio is included in the consumer real estate 1-4 family 
 
first mortgage class of loans throughout this Report. Table 24 
provides balances by types of loans as of December 31, 2017. As a 

Table 24:  Pick-a-Pay Portfolio – Comparison to Acquisition Date 

  

result of our loan modification and loss mitigation efforts, Pick­
a-Pay option payment loans have been reduced to $10.9 billion 
at December 31, 2017, from $99.9 billion at acquisition. 

Total adjusted unpaid principal balance of Pick-a-Pay PCI 

loans was $16.7 billion at December 31, 2017, compared with 
$61.0 billion at acquisition. Due to loan modification and loss 
mitigation efforts, the adjusted unpaid principal balance of 
option payment PCI loans has declined to 14% of the total Pick­
a-Pay portfolio at December 31, 2017, compared with 51% at 
acquisition. We expect to close on the sale of approximately 
$2.0 billion unpaid principal balance of Pick-a-Pay PCI loans in 
first quarter 2018. 

(in millions) 

Option payment loans 
Non-option payment adjustable-rate and fixed-rate loans 
Full-term loan modifications 

Total adjusted unpaid principal balance 

Total carrying value 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2008 

Adjusted 
unpaid 
principal 

balance (1)  % of total 

Adjusted 
unpaid 
principal 
balance (1) 

$ 

$ 

$ 

10,891 
3,771 
15,366 

30,028 

26,038 

$ 

36% 
13 
51 

99,937 
15,763 
—

100% 

$  115,700 

$ 

95,315 

% of total 

86% 
14 
— 

100% 

(1)  Adjusted unpaid principal balance includes write-downs taken on loans where severe delinquency (normally 180 days) or other indications of severe borrower financial 

stress exist that indicate there will be a loss of contractually due amounts upon final resolution of the loan. 

An increase in expected prepayments and passage of time 
lowered our estimated weighted-average life to approximately 
6.8 years at December 31, 2017, from 7.4 years at December 31, 
2016. The accretable yield percentage for Pick-a-Pay PCI loans 
for fourth quarter 2017 was 9.83%, up from 8.22% for fourth 
quarter 2016, due to the increase in the amount of accretable 
yield relative to the shortened weighted-average life. 

For further information on the judgment involved in 
estimating expected cash flows for PCI loans, see Note 1 
(Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

Pick-a-Pay option payment loans may have fixed or 

adjustable rates with payment options that include a minimum 
payment, an interest-only payment or fully amortizing payment 
(both 15 and 30 year options). 

 
Since December 31, 2008, we have completed over 138,000 

proprietary and Home Affordability Modification Program 
(HAMP) Pick-a-Pay loan modifications, which have resulted in 
over $6.1 billion of principal forgiveness. We have also provided 
interest rate reductions and loan term extensions to enable 
sustainable homeownership for our Pick-a-Pay customers. As a 
result of these loss mitigation programs, approximately 71% of 
our Pick-a-Pay PCI adjusted unpaid principal balance as of 
December 31, 2017, has been modified. 

The predominant portion of our PCI loans is included in the 

Pick-a-Pay portfolio. Our cash flows expected to be collected 
have been favorably affected over time by lower expected 
defaults and losses as a result of observed and forecasted 
economic strengthening, particularly in housing prices, and our 
loan modification efforts. Since acquisition, we have reclassified 
$8.9 billion from the nonaccretable difference to the accretable 
yield. Fluctuations in the accretable yield are driven by changes 
in interest rate indices for variable rate PCI loans, prepayment 
assumptions, and expected principal and interest payments over 
the estimated life of the portfolio, which will be affected by the 
pace and degree of improvements in the U.S. economy and 
housing markets and projected lifetime performance resulting 
from loan modification activity. Changes in the projected timing 
of cash flow events, including loan liquidations, modifications 
and short sales, can also affect the accretable yield and the 
estimated weighted-average life of the portfolio. 

76 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Junior Lien Mortgage Portfolio  The junior lien mortgage 
portfolio consists of residential mortgage lines and loans that are 
subordinate in rights to an existing lien on the same property. It 
is not unusual for these lines and loans to have draw periods, 
interest only payments, balloon payments, adjustable rates and 
similar features. Junior lien loan products are mostly amortizing 
payment loans with fixed interest rates and repayment periods 
between five to 30 years. 

We continuously monitor the credit performance of our 

junior lien mortgage portfolio for trends and factors that 
influence the frequency and severity of loss. We have observed 
that the severity of loss for junior lien mortgages is high and 
generally not affected by whether we or a third party own or 
service the related first lien mortgage, but the frequency of 
delinquency is typically lower when we own or service the first 
lien mortgage. In general, we have limited information available 
on the delinquency status of the third party owned or serviced 
senior lien where we also hold a junior lien. To capture this 
inherent loss content, our allowance process for junior lien 
mortgages considers the relative difference in loss experience for 
junior lien mortgages behind first lien mortgage loans we own or 
service, compared with those behind first lien mortgage loans 
owned or serviced by third parties. In addition, our allowance 
process for junior lien mortgages that are current, but are in 

Table 25:  Junior Lien Mortgage Portfolio Performance 

  

Table 25 shows certain delinquency and loss information for 

their revolving period, considers the inherent loss where the 
borrower is delinquent on the corresponding first lien mortgage 
loans. 
 
the junior lien mortgage portfolio and lists the top five states by 
outstanding balance. The decrease in outstanding balances since 
December 31, 2016, predominantly reflects loan paydowns. As of 
December 31, 2017, 9% of the outstanding balance of the junior 
lien mortgage portfolio was associated with loans that had a 
combined loan to value (CLTV) ratio in excess of 100%. Of those 
junior lien mortgages with a CLTV ratio in excess of 100%, 
3.29% were 30 days or more past due. CLTV means the ratio of 
the total loan balance of first lien mortgages and junior lien 
mortgages (including unused line amounts for credit line 
products) to property collateral value. The unsecured portion 
(the outstanding amount that was in excess of the most recent 
property collateral value) of the outstanding balances of these 
loans totaled 3% of the junior lien mortgage portfolio at 
December 31, 2017. For additional information on consumer 
loans by LTV/CLTV, see Table 6.12 in Note 6 (Loans and 
Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

Outstanding balance 

(in millions) 
California 
Florida 
New Jersey 
Virginia 
Pennsylvania 
Other 

Total 

PCI 

$ 

2017 
10,599 
3,688 
3,606 
2,358 
2,210 
17,225 

39,686 

27 

Total junior lien mortgages 

$ 

39,713 

December 31, 
2016 
12,539 
4,252 
4,031 
2,696 
2,494 
20,189 

46,201 

36 

46,237 

% of loans 30 days or 
more past due 

December 31, 
2016 
1.86 
2.17 
2.79 
1.97 
2.07 
2.09 

2017 
2.09% 
3.05 
2.86 
2.34 
2.37 
2.33 

2.38 

2.09 

Loss rate 

Year ended December 31, 
2016 
0.01 
0.65 
1.06 
0.72 
0.72 
0.52 

2017 
(0.40) 
0.10 
0.64 
0.29 
0.39 
0.08 

0.03 

0.46 

Wells Fargo & Company 

77 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Our junior lien, as well as first lien, lines of credit portfolios 

generally have draw periods of 10, 15 or 20 years with variable 
interest rate and payment options during the draw period of 
(1) interest only or (2) 1.5% of outstanding principal balance plus 
accrued interest. During the draw period, the borrower has the 
option of converting all or a portion of the line from a variable 
interest rate to a fixed rate with terms including interest-only 
payments for a fixed period between three to seven years or a 
fully amortizing payment with a fixed period between five to 
30 years. At the end of the draw period, a line of credit generally 
converts to an amortizing payment schedule with repayment 
terms of up to 30 years based on the balance at time of 
conversion. Certain lines and loans have been structured with a 
balloon payment, which requires full repayment of the 
outstanding balance at the end of the term period. The 
conversion of lines or loans to fully amortizing or balloon payoff 
may result in a significant payment increase, which can affect 
some borrowers’ ability to repay the outstanding balance. 

On a monthly basis, we monitor the payment characteristics 

of borrowers in our junior lien portfolio. In December 2017, 
approximately 48% of these borrowers paid only the minimum 
amount due and approximately 46% paid more than the 
minimum amount due. The rest were either delinquent or paid 
less than the minimum amount due. For the borrowers with an 
interest only payment feature, approximately 31% paid only the 

 

minimum amount due and approximately 64% paid more than 
the minimum amount due. 

The lines that enter their amortization period may 

experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates than the 
ones in their draw or term period. We have considered this 
increased inherent risk in our allowance for credit loss estimate. 

In anticipation of our borrowers reaching the end of their 

contractual commitment, we have created a program to inform, 
educate and help these borrowers transition from interest-only 
to fully-amortizing payments or full repayment. We monitor the 
performance of the borrowers moving through the program in 
an effort to refine our ongoing program strategy. 

Table 26 reflects the outstanding balance of our portfolio of 
junior lien mortgages, including lines and loans, and senior lien 
lines segregated into scheduled end of draw or end of term 
periods and products that are currently amortizing, or in balloon 
repayment status. It excludes real estate 1-4 family first lien line 
reverse mortgages, which total $132 million, because they are 
predominantly insured by the FHA, and it excludes PCI loans, 
which total $49 million, because their losses were generally 
reflected in our nonaccretable difference established at the date 
of acquisition. 

Table 26:  Junior Lien Mortgage Line and Loan and Senior Lien Mortgage Line Portfolios Payment Schedule 

  

(in millions) 
Junior lien lines and loans 
First lien lines 
Total (2)(3)	 

% of portfolios	 

Outstanding balance 
December 31, 2017 

$ 

$ 

39,686 
13,485 
53,171 

100% 

2018 
1,550 
516 
2,066 

4 

2019 
705 
258 
963 

2 

2020 
670 
257 
927 

2 

2021 
1,353 
600 
1,953 

4

Scheduled end of draw/term 

2023 and 
thereafter (1) 
17,642 
7,600 
25,242 

Amortizing 
13,103
 
2,064
 
15,167 

47 

28 

2022 
4,663 
2,190 
6,853 

13 

(1) 	 Substantially all lines and loans are scheduled to convert to amortizing loans by the end of 2026, with annual scheduled amounts through that date ranging from 

(2) 	

(3) 	

$4.1 billion to $7.0 billion and averaging $5.6 billion per year. 
Junior and first lien lines are primarily interest-only during their draw period. The unfunded credit commitments for junior and first lien lines totaled $62.3 billion at 
December 31, 2017. 
Includes scheduled end-of-term balloon payments for lines and loans totaling $223 million, $260 million, $288 million, $458 million, $215 million and $44 million for 2018, 
2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023 and thereafter, respectively. Amortizing lines and loans include $110 million of end-of-term balloon payments, which are past due. At 
December 31, 2017, $575 million, or 5% of outstanding lines of credit that are amortizing, are 30 days or more past due compared to $690 million or 2% for lines in their 
draw period. 

 

 

CREDIT CARDS  Our credit card portfolio totaled $38.0 billion 
 
at December 31, 2017, which represented 4% of our total 
outstanding loans. The net charge-off rate for our credit card 
portfolio was 3.49% for 2017, compared with 3.08% for 2016, 
principally from seasoning of newer vintages. 
 
AUTOMOBILE  Our automobile portfolio, predominantly 
composed of indirect loans, totaled $53.4 billion at December 31, 
2017. The net charge-off rate for our automobile portfolio was 
1.18% for 2017, compared with 0.84% for 2016. The increase in 
net charge-offs in 2017, compared with 2016, was due to 
increased loss severities resulting from a temporary moratorium 
on certain repossessions for customers who have had CPI 
policies purchased on their behalf while we remediate the 
previously disclosed CPI issues, as well as updated industry 
regulatory guidance regarding the timing of loss recognition for 
automobile loans in bankruptcy, and also reflected the current 
trend of increased charge-offs in the automobile lending 
industry. 

We have entered into an agreement to sell certain assets and 
liabilities of Reliable Financial Services Inc. and Reliable Finance 
Holding Company, which are subsidiaries of Wells Fargo’s auto 
financing business in Puerto Rico. The sale, consisting of 
approximately $1.5 billion in consumer auto loans and 
$340 million in commercial loans, is expected to close in second 
quarter 2018. 

 

OTHER REVOLVING CREDIT AND INSTALLMENT  Other 
revolving credit and installment loans totaled $38.3 billion at 
December 31, 2017, and primarily included student and security-
based loans. Our private student loan portfolio totaled 
$11.9 billion at December 31, 2017. All remaining student loans 
guaranteed by agencies on behalf of the U.S. Department of 
Education under the Federal Family Education Loan Program 
(FFELP) were sold as of March 31, 2017. The net charge-off rate 
for other revolving credit and installment loans was 1.52% for 
2017, compared with 1.46% for 2016. 

78 

Wells Fargo & Company 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS (NONACCRUAL LOANS AND 
FORECLOSED ASSETS)  Table 27 summarizes nonperforming 
assets (NPAs) for each of the last five years. We generally place 
loans on nonaccrual status when: 
• 	

  

the full and timely collection of interest or principal 
becomes uncertain (generally based on an assessment of the 
borrower’s financial condition and the adequacy of 
collateral, if any); 
they are 90 days (120 days with respect to real estate 1-4 
family first and junior lien mortgages) past due for interest 
or principal, unless both well-secured and in the process of 
collection; 
part of the principal balance has been charged off; 
for junior lien mortgages, we have evidence that the related 
first lien mortgage may be 120 days past due or in the 
process of foreclosure regardless of the junior lien 
delinquency status; or 
consumer real estate and automobile loans receive 
notification of bankruptcy, regardless of their delinquency 
status. 

• 	

• 	
• 	

• 	

Credit card loans are not placed on nonaccrual status, but 
are generally fully charged off when the loan reaches 180 days 
past due. 

Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies – 
Loans) to Financial Statements in this Report describes our 
accounting policy for nonaccrual and impaired loans. 

Nonaccrual loans were $8.0 billion at December 31, 2017, 
down $2.4 billion from $10.4 billion at December 31, 2016, due 
to a $1.3 billion decrease in commercial and industrial 
nonaccruals reflecting continued improvement in the oil and gas 
portfolio, as well as a decrease of $1.0 billion in consumer real 
estate nonaccruals. 

Table 27:  Nonperforming Assets (Nonaccrual Loans and Foreclosed Assets) 

  

(in millions)	 

Nonaccrual loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage (1) 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer	 

Total nonaccrual loans (2)(3)(4)	 

As a percentage of total loans	 

Foreclosed assets: 

Government insured/guaranteed (5) 
Non-government insured/guaranteed 

Total foreclosed assets	 

Total nonperforming assets	 

As a percentage of total loans	 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

December 31, 

$ 

$ 

1,899 
628 
37 
76 

2,640 

4,122 
1,086 
130 
58 

5,396 

8,036 

0.84% 

120 
522 

642 

$ 

8,678 

0.91% 

3,216 
685 
43 
115 

4,059 

4,962 
1,206 
106 
51 

6,325 

10,384 

1.07 

197 
781 

978 

11,362 

1.17 

1,363 
969 
66 
26 

2,424 

7,293 
1,495 
121 
49 

8,958 

11,382 

1.24 

446 
979 

1,425 

12,807 

1.40 

538 
1,490 
187 
24 

2,239 

8,583 
1,848 
137 
41 

10,609 

12,848 

1.49 

982 
1,627 

2,609 

15,457 

1.79 

775 
2,254 
416 
30 

3,475 

9,799 
2,188 
173 
33 

12,193 

15,668 

1.91 

2,093 
1,844 

3,937 

19,605 

2.38 

Includes MHFS of $136 million, $149 million, $177 million, $177 million and $227 million at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. 

(1) 	
(2) 	 Excludes PCI loans because they continue to earn interest income from accretable yield, independent of performance in accordance with their contractual terms. 
(3) 	 Real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA and student loans largely guaranteed by agencies on behalf of the U.S. 
Department of Education under the FFELP are not placed on nonaccrual status because they are insured or guaranteed. All remaining student loans guaranteed under the 
FFELP were sold as of March 31, 2017. 

(4) 	 See Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report for further information on impaired loans. 
(5) 	 During fourth quarter 2014, we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-14, Classification of Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans Upon Foreclosure, 

effective as of January 1, 2014. This ASU requires that certain government guaranteed residential real estate mortgage loans that meet specific criteria be recognized as 
other receivables upon foreclosure; previously, these assets were included in foreclosed assets. Government guaranteed residential real estate mortgage loans that 
completed foreclosure during 2014 and met the criteria specified by ASU 2014-14 are excluded from this table and included in Accounts Receivable in Other Assets. For 
more information on the classification of certain government-guaranteed mortgage loans upon foreclosure, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

79 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Table 28 provides a summary of nonperforming assets 

during 2017. 

Table 28:  Nonperforming Assets by Quarter During 2017 

  

(in millions) 
Nonaccrual loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

December 31, 2017 

September 30, 2017 

June 30, 2017 

March 31, 2017 

% of 
total 
loans 

Balance 

% of 
total 
loans 

Balance 

% of 
total 
loans 

Balance 

Balance 

$  1,899 
628 
37 
76 

0.57%  $  2,397 
0.50 
593 
0.15 
38 
0.39 
81 

0.73%  $  2,632 
630 
0.46 
34 
0.15 
0.42 
89 

0.79%  $  2,898 
672 
0.48 
40 
0.13 
0.46 
96 

% of 
total 
loans 

0.88% 
0.51 
0.16 
0.50 

2,640 

0.52 

3,109 

0.62 

3,385 

0.67 

3,706 

0.73 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer (1) 

Total nonaccrual loans 

Foreclosed assets: 

Government insured/guaranteed 
Non-government insured/guaranteed 

Total foreclosed assets 

1.45 
2.73 
0.24 
0.15 

1.19 

0.84 

4,122 
1,086 
130 
58 

5,396 

8,036 

120 
522 

642 

1.50 
2.68 
0.25 
0.15 

1.22 

0.91 

4,213 
1,101 
137 
59 

5,510 

8,619 

137 
569 

706 

1.60 
2.56 
0.18 
0.15 

1.26 

0.95 

4,413 
1,095 
104 
59 

5,671 

9,056 

149 
632 

781 

1.73 
2.60 
0.17 
0.14 

1.34 

1.02 

4,743 
1,153 
101 
56 

6,053 

9,759 

179 
726 

905 

Total nonperforming assets 

$  8,678 

0.91%  $  9,325 

0.98%  $  9,837 

1.03%  $  10,664 

1.11% 

Change in NPAs from prior quarter 

$ 

(647) 

(512) 

(827) 

(698) 

(1) 

Includes an incremental $171 million of nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2017, reflecting updated industry regulatory guidance related to loans in bankruptcy. 

80 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 29 provides an analysis of the changes in nonaccrual 

loans. 

Table 29:  Analysis of Changes in Nonaccrual Loans 

  

(in millions) 
Commercial nonaccrual loans 
Balance, beginning of period 

Inflows 
Outflows: 

Returned to accruing 
Foreclosures 
Charge-offs 
Payments, sales and other 

Total outflows	 

Balance, end of period	 

Consumer nonaccrual loans 
Balance, beginning of period 

Inflows (1) 
Outflows: 

Returned to accruing 
Foreclosures 
Charge-offs 
Payments, sales and other 

Total outflows	 

Balance, end of period	 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Sep 30, 
2017 

Quarter ended 
Mar 31, 
2017 

Jun 30, 
2017 

Year ended Dec 31, 
2016 

2017 

$ 

3,109 
617 

(126) 
(1) 
(139) 
(820) 

(1,086) 

2,640 

5,510 
845 

(345) 
(72) 
(94) 
(448) 

(959) 

5,396 

8,036 

3,385 
627 

(97) 
(3) 
(173) 
(630) 

(903) 

3,109 

5,671 
887 

(397) 
(56) 
(109) 
(486) 

3,706 
704 

(61) 
(15) 
(116) 
(833) 

(1,025) 

3,385 

6,053 
676 

(425) 
(72) 
(117) 
(444) 

4,059 
945 

4,059 
2,893 

(133) 
(1) 
(202) 
(962) 

(1,298) 

3,706 

(417) 
(20) 
(630) 
(3,245) 

(4,312) 

2,640 

6,325 
814 

6,325 
3,222 

(428) 
(81) 
(151) 
(426) 

(1,595) 
(281) 
(471) 
(1,804) 

(4,151) 

5,396 

8,036 

2,424 
6,358 

(205) 
(26) 
(1,319) 
(3,173) 

(4,723) 

4,059 

8,958 
3,524 

(2,137) 
(327) 
(720) 
(2,973) 

(6,157) 

6,325 

10,384 

(1,048) 

(1,058) 

(1,086) 

5,510 

8,619 

5,671 

9,056 

6,053 

9,759 

Total nonaccrual loans	 

$ 

(1)  Quarter ended September 30, 2017, includes an incremental $171 million of nonaccrual loans, reflecting updated industry regulatory guidance related to loans in 

bankruptcy. 

Typically, changes to nonaccrual loans period-over-period 
represent inflows for loans that are placed on nonaccrual status 
in accordance with our policy, offset by reductions for loans that 
are paid down, charged off, sold, foreclosed, or are no longer 
classified as nonaccrual as a result of continued performance 
and an improvement in the borrower’s financial condition and 
loan repayment capabilities. Also, reductions can come from 
borrower repayments even if the loan remains on nonaccrual. 

While nonaccrual loans are not free of loss content, we 

believe exposure to loss is significantly mitigated by the 
following factors at December 31, 2017: 
• 	

99% of total commercial nonaccrual loans and 99% of total 
consumer nonaccrual loans are secured. Of the consumer 
 
nonaccrual loans, 97% are secured by real estate and 82% 
have a combined LTV (CLTV) ratio of 80% or less. 
losses of $402 million and $1.8 billion have already been 
 
recognized on 18% of commercial nonaccrual loans and 43% 
of consumer nonaccrual loans, respectively. Generally, when 
a consumer real estate loan is 120 days past due (except 
when required earlier by guidance issued by bank regulatory 
agencies), we transfer it to nonaccrual status. When the loan 
reaches 180 days past due, or is active or discharged in 
bankruptcy, it is our policy to write these loans down to net 
realizable value (fair value of collateral less estimated costs 
to sell). Thereafter, we re-evaluate each loan regularly and 
record additional write-downs if needed. 
85% of commercial nonaccrual loans were current on 
interest, but were on nonaccrual status because the full or 
timely collection of interest or principal had become 
uncertain. 

• 	

• 	

79% of commercial nonaccrual loans were current on both 
principal and interest, but will remain on nonaccrual status 
until the full and timely collection of principal and interest 
becomes certain. 
the remaining risk of loss of all nonaccrual loans has been 
considered and we believe is adequately covered by the 
allowance for loan losses. 
of $2.3 billion of consumer loans in bankruptcy or 
discharged in bankruptcy, and classified as nonaccrual, 
$1.5 billion were current. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

 

We continue to work with our customers experiencing 

financial difficulty to determine if they can qualify for a loan 
modification so that they can stay in their homes. Under both 
our proprietary modification programs and the Making Home 
Affordable (MHA) programs, customers may be required to 
provide updated documentation, and some programs require 
completion of payment during trial periods to demonstrate 
sustained performance before the loan can be removed from 
nonaccrual status. 

If interest due on all nonaccrual loans (including loans that 

were, but are no longer on nonaccrual at year end) had been 
accrued under the original terms, approximately $525 million of 
interest would have been recorded as income on these loans, 
compared with $404 million actually recorded as interest 
income in 2017, versus $658 million and $481 million, 
respectively, in 2016. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

81 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

Table 30 provides a summary of foreclosed assets and an 

analysis of changes in foreclosed assets. 

Table 30:  Foreclosed Assets 

  

(in millions) 
Summary by loan segment 
Government insured/guaranteed 
PCI loans: 

Commercial 
Consumer 

Total PCI loans 

All other loans: 
Commercial 
Consumer 

Total all other loans 

Total foreclosed assets 

Analysis of changes in foreclosed assets (1) 
Balance, beginning of period 

Net change in government insured/guaranteed (2) 
Additions to foreclosed assets (3) 
Reductions: 

Sales 
Write-downs and gains (losses) on sales 

Total reductions 

Balance, end of period 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Sep 30, 
2017 

Quarter ended 
Mar 31, 
2017 

Jun 30, 
2017 

Year ended Dec 31, 
2016 

2017 

$ 

120 

57 
62 

119 

207 
196 

403 

642 

706 
(17) 
180 

(231) 
4 

(227) 

642 

137 

67 
72 

139 

226 
204 

430 

706 

781 
(12) 
198 

(257) 
(4) 

(261) 

706 

149 

79 
67 

146 

259 
227 

486 

781 

905 
(30) 
233 

(330) 
3 

(327) 

781 

179 

84 
80 

164 

275 
287 

562 

905 

978 
(18) 
288 

(307) 
(36) 

(343) 

905 

120 

57 
62 

119 

207 
196 

403 

642 

978 
(77) 
899 

(1,125) 
(33) 

(1,158) 

642 

197 

91 
75 

166 

287 
328 

615 

978 

1,425 
(249) 
1,237 

(1,512) 
77 

(1,435) 

978 

(1) 	 During fourth quarter 2016, we evaluated a population of foreclosed properties that were previously security for FHA insured loans, and made the decision to retain some 

of the properties as foreclosed real estate, thereby foregoing the FHA insurance claim. Accordingly, the loans for which we decided not to file a claim are reported as 
additions to foreclosed assets rather than included as net change in government insured/guaranteed foreclosures. 

(2) 	 Foreclosed government insured/guaranteed loans are temporarily transferred to and held by us as servicer, until reimbursement is received from FHA or VA. The net change 
in government insured/guaranteed foreclosed assets is generally made up of inflows from mortgages held for investment and MHFS, and outflows when we are reimbursed 
by FHA/VA. 
Includes loans moved into foreclosure from nonaccrual status, PCI loans transitioned directly to foreclosed assets and repossessed automobiles. 

(3) 	

Foreclosed assets at December 31, 2017, included 

$372 million of foreclosed residential real estate, of which 32% is 
predominantly FHA insured or VA guaranteed and expected to 
have minimal or no loss content. The remaining foreclosed 
assets balance of $270 million has been written down to 
estimated net realizable value. Of the $642 million in foreclosed 
assets at December 31, 2017, 55% have been in the foreclosed 
assets portfolio one year or less. 

82 

Wells Fargo & Company 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS (TDRs) 

Table 31:  Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) 

  

(in millions)	 

Commercial TDRs 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial TDRs	 

Consumer TDRs 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit Card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 
Trial modifications 

Total consumer TDRs (1)	 

Total TDRs	 

TDRs on nonaccrual status 
TDRs on accrual status (1) 

Total TDRs	 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

December 31, 

$ 

$ 

$ 

2,096 
901 
44 
35 

3,076 

12,080 
1,849 
356 
87 
126 
194 

14,692 

17,768 

4,801 
12,967 

$ 

17,768 

2,584 
1,119 
91 
6

3,800 

14,134 
2,074 
300 
85 
101 
299 

16,993 

20,793 

6,193 
14,600 

20,793 

1,123 
1,456 
125 
1

2,705 

16,812 
2,306 
299 
105 
73 
402 

19,997 

22,702 

6,506 
16,196 

22,702 

724 
1,880 
314 
2

2,920 

18,226 
2,437 
338 
127 
49 
452 

21,629 

24,549 

7,104 
17,445 

24,549 

1,034 
2,248 
475 
8 

3,765 

18,925 
2,468 
431 
189 
33 
650 

22,696 

26,461 

8,172
 
18,289
 

26,461 

(1) 	 TDR loans include $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion $1.8 billion, $2.1 billion, and $2.5 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, of government 

 

insured/guaranteed loans that are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA and are accruing. 

Table 32:  TDRs Balance by Quarter During 2017 

  

(in millions) 
Commercial TDRs 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial TDRs	 

Consumer TDRs 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit Card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 
Trial modifications 

Total consumer TDRs	 

Total TDRs	 

TDRs on nonaccrual status 
TDRs on accrual status 

Total TDRs	 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Sep 30, 
2017 

Jun 30, 
2017 

Mar 31, 
2017 

$ 

$ 

$ 

2,096 
901 
44 
35 

3,076 

12,080 
1,849 
356 
87 
126 
194 

14,692 

17,768 

4,801 
12,967 

$ 

17,768 

2,424 
953 
48 
39

3,464 

12,617 
1,919 
340 
88 
124 
183 

15,271 

18,735 

5,218 
13,517 

18,735 

2,629 
1,024 
62 
21 

3,736 

13,141 
1,975 
316 
85 
118 
215 

15,850 

19,586 

5,637 
13,949 

19,586 

2,484 
1,090 
73 
8 

3,655 

13,680 
2,027 
308 
80 
107 
261 

16,463 

20,118 

5,819
 
14,299
 

20,118 

Table 31 and Table 32 provide information regarding the 
recorded investment of loans modified in TDRs. The allowance 
for loan losses for TDRs was $1.6 billion and $2.2 billion at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. See Note 6 (Loans 
and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report for additional information regarding TDRs. In those 
situations where principal is forgiven, the entire amount of such 
forgiveness is immediately charged off to the extent not done so 
prior to the modification. When we delay the timing on the 
repayment of a portion of principal (principal forbearance), we 

charge off the amount of forbearance if that amount is not 
considered fully collectible. 

Our nonaccrual policies are generally the same for all loan 

types when a restructuring is involved. We typically re-
underwrite loans at the time of restructuring to determine 
whether there is sufficient evidence of sustained repayment 
capacity based on the borrower’s documented income, debt to 
income ratios, and other factors. Loans lacking sufficient 
evidence of sustained repayment capacity at the time of 
modification are charged down to the fair value of the collateral, 

Wells Fargo & Company 

83 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

if applicable. For an accruing loan that has been modified, if the 
borrower has demonstrated performance under the previous 
terms and the underwriting process shows the capacity to 
continue to perform under the restructured terms, the loan will 
generally remain in accruing status. Otherwise, the loan will be 
placed in nonaccrual status and may be returned to accruing 
status when the borrower demonstrates a sustained period of 
performance, generally six consecutive months of payments, or 
equivalent, inclusive of consecutive payments made prior to 
modification. Loans will also be placed on nonaccrual, and a 
corresponding charge-off is recorded to the loan balance, when 

Table 33:  Analysis of Changes in TDRs 

  

we believe that principal and interest contractually due under 
the modified agreement will not be collectible. 

Table 33 provides an analysis of the changes in TDRs. Loans 
modified more than once are reported as TDR inflows only in the 
period they are first modified. Other than resolutions such as 
foreclosures, sales and transfers to held for sale, we may remove 
loans held for investment from TDR classification, but only if 
they have been refinanced or restructured at market terms and 
qualify as a new loan. 
 

(in millions) 

Commercial TDRs 
Balance, beginning of period 

Inflows (1) 
Outflows 

Charge-offs 
Foreclosure 
Payments, sales and other (2) 

Balance, end of period	 

Consumer TDRs 
Balance, beginning of period 

Inflows (1) 
Outflows 

Charge-offs 
Foreclosure 
Payments, sales and other (2) 

Net change in trial modifications (3) 

Balance, end of period	 

Total TDRs	 

Dec 31, 

2017 

Sep 30, 

2017 

Jun 30, 

2017 

Mar 31, 

2017 

Year ended Dec 31, 

2017 

2016 

Quarter ended 

$ 

3,464 
412 

(65) 
(1) 
(734) 

3,076 

15,271 
395 

(52) 
(135) 
(798) 
11 

14,692 

$ 

17,768 

3,736 
333 

(74) 
(2) 
(529) 

3,464 

15,850 
461 

(51) 
(146) 
(811) 
(32) 

15,271 

18,735 

3,655 
730 

(59) 
(12) 
(578) 

3,736 

16,463 
444 

(51) 
(159) 
(801) 
(46) 

15,850 

19,586 

3,800 
642 

(108) 
— 
(679) 

3,655 

16,993 
517 

(51) 
(179) 
(779) 
(38) 

16,463 

20,118 

3,800 
2,117 

(306) 
(15) 
(2,520) 

3,076 

16,993 
1,817 

(205) 
(619) 
(3,189) 
(105) 

14,692 

17,768 

2,705 
3,192 

(473) 
(16) 
(1,608) 

3,800 

19,997 
2,224 

(218) 
(851) 
(4,056) 
(103) 

16,993 

20,793 

Inflows include loans that modify, even if they resolve, within the period as well as advances on loans that modified in a prior period. 

(1) 	
(2) 	 Other outflows include normal amortization/accretion of loan basis adjustments and loans transferred to held-for-sale. It also includes $6 million of loans refinanced or 

restructured at market terms and qualifying as new loans and removed from TDR classification for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, while no loans were removed 
from TDR classification for the quarters ended December 31, June 30 and March 31, 2017. During 2016, $4 million of loans refinanced or structured as new loans and were 
removed from TDR classification. 

(3) 	 Net change in trial modifications includes: inflows of new TDRs entering the trial payment period, net of outflows for modifications that either (i) successfully perform and 

enter into a permanent modification, or (ii) did not successfully perform according to the terms of the trial period plan and are subsequently charged-off, foreclosed upon or 
otherwise resolved. 

84 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 

LOANS 90 DAYS OR MORE PAST DUE AND STILL ACCRUING 
Loans 90 days or more past due as to interest or principal are 
still accruing if they are (1) well-secured and in the process of 
collection or (2) real estate 1-4 family mortgage loans or 
consumer loans exempt under regulatory rules from being 
classified as nonaccrual until later delinquency, usually 120 days 
past due. PCI loans are not included in past due and still 
accruing loans even when they are 90 days or more contractually 
past due. These PCI loans are considered to be accruing because 
they continue to earn interest from accretable yield, independent 
of performance in accordance with their contractual terms. 

Excluding insured/guaranteed loans, loans 90 days or more 

past due and still accruing at December 31, 2017, were up 
$91 million, or 9%, from December 31, 2016, due to increases 
related to loan growth in real estate 1-4 family first mortgages 
and credit cards, as well as higher delinquencies in automobile 
loans resulting from the impact of the temporary moratorium on 
repossession activity for loans with CPI policies, which allowed 

Table 34:  Loans 90 Days or More Past Due and Still Accruing 

  

(in millions) 
Total (excluding PCI)(1): 

Less: FHA insured/guaranteed by the VA (2)(3) 
Less: Student loans guaranteed under the FFELP (4) 

Total, not government insured/guaranteed	 

By segment and class, not government insured/guaranteed: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage (3) 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage (3) 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer	 

Total, not government insured/guaranteed	 

aging of those loans to continue up to 120 days, and overall 
increases in delinquencies in the automobile lending industry. 
These increases were partially offset by declines in commercial 
real estate mortgages and other revolving credit and installment 
loans. 

Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing whose 

repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or 
guaranteed by the VA for mortgages were $10.9 billion at both 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. All remaining student loans 
guaranteed by agencies on behalf of the U.S. Department of 
Education under the FFELP were sold as of March 31, 2017. 

Table 34 reflects non-PCI loans 90 days or more past due 
and still accruing by class for loans not government insured/ 
guaranteed. For additional information on delinquencies by loan 
class, see Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

December 31, 

2017 
$  11,997 
10,934 
— 

$ 

1,063 

2016 
11,858 
10,883 
3 

972 

2015 
14,380 
13,373 
26 

981 

2014 
17,810 
16,827 
63 

920 

2013 
23,219 
21,274 
900 

1,045 

$ 

26 
23 
— 

49 

219 
60 
492 
143 
100 

1,014 

$ 

1,063 

28 
36 
— 

64 

175 
56 
452 
112 
113 

908 

972 

97 
13 
4 

114 

224 
65 
397 
79 
102 

867 

981 

31 
16 
—

47 

260 
83 
364 
73 
93 

873 

920 

11 
35 
97 

143 

354 
86 
321 
55 
86 

902 

1,045 

(1) 	 PCI loans totaled $1.4 billion, $2.0 billion, $2.9 billion, $3.7 billion and $4.5 billion at December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
(2) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. 
(3) 	
(4) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are largely guaranteed by agencies on behalf of the U.S. Department of Education under the FFELP. All remaining student loans 

Includes mortgages held for sale 90 days or more past due and still accruing. 

guaranteed under the FFELP were sold as of March 31, 2017. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

85 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

NET CHARGE-OFFS 

 
Table 35:  Net Charge-offs 

  

($ in millions) 
2017 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 
Total commercial 
Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first 

mortgage 

Real estate 1-4 family 

junior lien mortgage 

Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and 

installment 

Total consumer 

Total 

2016 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 
Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first 

mortgage 

Real estate 1-4 family junior 

lien mortgage 

Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and 

installment 

Total consumer 

Total 

Year ended 

December 31, 
% of 
avg. 
loans 

Net loan 
charge-
offs 

December 31, 
% of 
avg. 
loans (1) 

Net loan 
charge-
offs 

September 30, 
% of 
avg. 
loans (1) 

Net loan 
charge-
offs 

Net loan 
charge-
offs 

June 30, 
% of 
avg. 
loans (1) 

Quarter ended 

Net loan 
charge-
offs 

March 31, 
% of 
avg. 
loans (1) 

$ 

492 
(44) 
(30) 
28 
446 

0.15%  $ 
(0.03) 
(0.12) 
0.15 
0.09 

118 
(10) 
(3) 
10 
115 

0.14%  $ 
(0.03) 
(0.05) 
0.20 
0.09 

125 
(3) 
(15) 
6 
113 

0.15%  $ 
(0.01) 
(0.24) 
0.12 
0.09 

78 
(6) 
(4) 
7 
75 

0.10%  $ 
(0.02) 
(0.05) 
0.15 
0.06 

(48) 

(0.02) 

(23) 

(0.03) 

(16) 

(0.02) 

(16) 

(0.02) 

13 

1,242 
683 

592 

2,482 
$  2,928 

$ 

$ 

1,156 
(89) 
(37) 
30 
1,060 

79 

229 
1,052 
520 

580 
2,460 
3,520 

0.03 
3.49 
1.18 

1.52 
0.55 
0.31%  $ 

0.36 %  $ 
(0.07) 
(0.16) 
0.17 
0.22 

0.03 

0.46 
3.08 
0.84 

1.46 
0.53 
0.37 %  $ 

(7) 
336 
188 

142 
636 
751 

256 
(12) 
(8) 
15 
251 

(3) 

44 

275 
166 

172 
654 
905 

(0.06) 
3.66 
1.38 

1.46 
0.56 
0.31%  $ 

0.31 %  $ 
(0.04) 
(0.13) 
0.32 
0.20 

— 

0.38 
3.09 
1.05 

1.70 
0.56 
0.37 %  $ 

1 
277 
202 

140 
604 
717 

259 
(28) 
(18) 
2 
215 

20 

49 
245 
137 

139 
590 
805 

— 
3.08 
1.41 

1.44 
0.53 
0.30%  $ 

0.32 %  $ 
(0.09) 
(0.32) 
0.04 
0.17 

0.03 

0.40 
2.82 
0.87 

1.40 
0.51 
0.33 %  $ 

(4) 
320 
126 

154 
580 
655 

368 
(20) 
(3) 
12 
357 

14 

62 
270 
90 

131 
567 
924 

(0.03) 
3.67 
0.86 

1.58 
0.51 
0.27%  $ 

0.46 %  $ 
(0.06) 
(0.06) 
0.27 
0.29 

0.02 

0.49 
3.25 
0.59 

1.32 
0.49 
0.39 %  $ 

171 
(25) 
(8) 
5 
143 

7 

23 
309 
167 

156 
662 
805 

273 
(29) 
(8) 
1 
237 

48 

74 
262 
127 

138 
649 
886 

0.21% 
(0.08) 
(0.15) 
0.11 
0.11 

0.01 

0.21 
3.54 
1.10 

1.60 
0.59 
0.34% 

0.36 % 
(0.10) 
(0.13) 
0.01 
0.20 

0.07 

0.57 
3.16 
0.85 

1.42 
0.57 
0.38 % 

(1)  Quarterly net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average respective loans are annualized. 

Table 35 presents net charge-offs for the four quarters and full 
 
year of 2017 and 2016. Net charge-offs in 2017 were $2.9 billion 
(0.31% of average total loans outstanding) compared with $3.5 
billion (0.37%) in 2016. 

The decrease in commercial and industrial net charge-offs 

in 2017 reflected continued improvement in our oil and gas 
portfolio. Our commercial real estate portfolios were in a net 
recovery position every quarter in 2017 and 2016. Total 
consumer net charge-offs increased slightly from the prior year 
due to an increase in credit card and automobile net charge-offs, 
partially offset by a decrease in residential real estate net 
charge-offs. 

86 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES  The allowance for credit 
losses, which consists of the allowance for loan losses and the 
allowance for unfunded credit commitments, is management’s 
estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio and 
unfunded credit commitments at the balance sheet date, 
excluding loans carried at fair value. The detail of the changes in 
the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment (including 
charge-offs and recoveries by loan class) is in Note 6 (Loans and 
Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

We apply a disciplined process and methodology to 

establish our allowance for credit losses each quarter. This 
process takes into consideration many factors, including 
historical and forecasted loss trends, loan-level credit quality 
ratings and loan grade-specific characteristics. The process 
involves subjective and complex judgments. In addition, we 
review a variety of credit metrics and trends. These credit 
metrics and trends, however, do not solely determine the 
amount of the allowance as we use several analytical tools. Our 

Table 36:  Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) 

  

estimation approach for the commercial portfolio reflects the 
estimated probability of default in accordance with the 
borrower’s financial strength, and the severity of loss in the 
event of default, considering the quality of any underlying 
collateral. Probability of default and severity at the time of 
default are statistically derived through historical observations of 
defaults and losses after default within each credit risk rating. 
Our estimation approach for the consumer portfolio uses 
forecasted losses that represent our best estimate of inherent 
loss based on historical experience, quantitative and other 
mathematical techniques. For additional information on our 
allowance for credit losses, see the “Critical Accounting Policies 
– Allowance for Credit Losses” section and Note 1 (Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 6 (Loans and 
Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

Table 36 presents the allocation of the allowance for credit 

losses by loan segment and class for the last five years. 

(in millions) 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien 

mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and 

installment 

Total consumer 

Total 

$  3,752 
1,374 
1,238 
268 

6,632 

1,085 

608 
1,944 
1,039 

652 

5,328 

53 

30 

4 
4 
5 

4 

Dec 31, 2017 
Loans 
as % 
of total 
loans 

ACL 

Dec 31, 2016 
Loans 
as % 
of total 
loans 

ACL 

Dec 31, 2015 
Loans 
as % 
of total 
loans 

ACL 

Dec 31, 2014 
Loans 
as % 
of total 
loans 

ACL 

Dec 31, 2013 
Loans 
as % 
of total 
loans 

ACL 

35%  $  4,560 
13 
1,320 
3 
1,294 
2 
220 

34%  $  4,231 
1,264 
14 
2 
1,210 
167 
2 

33%  $  3,506 
1,576 
13 
3 
1,097 
198 
1 

32%  $  3,040 
2,157 
13 
2 
775 
131 
1 

7,394 

52 

6,872 

50 

6,377 

48 

6,103 

29% 
14 
2 
1 

46 

1,270 

29 

1,895 

30 

2,878 

31 

4,087 

32 

815 
1,605 
817 

639 

5 
4 
6 

4 

1,223 
1,412 
529 

581 

6 
4 
6 

4 

1,566 
1,271 
516 

561 

7 
4 
6 

4 

2,534 
1,224 
475 

548 

8 
3 
6 

5 

47 

5,146 

48 

5,640 

50 

6,792 

52 

8,868 

54 

$ 11,960 

100%  $ 12,540 

100%  $ 12,512 

100%  $ 13,169 

100%  $ 14,971 

100% 

Dec 31, 2017 

Dec 31, 2016 

Dec 31, 2015 

Dec 31, 2014 

Dec 31, 2013 

$ 

$ 

Components: 

Allowance for loan losses 
Allowance for unfunded credit 

commitments 

Allowance for credit losses 

Allowance for loan losses as a 

percentage of total loans 

Allowance for loan losses as a 

percentage of total net charge-offs 

Allowance for credit losses as a 

percentage of total loans 

Allowance for credit losses as a 

percentage of total nonaccrual loans 

11,004 

956 

11,960 

1.15% 

376 

1.25 

149 

11,419 

1,121 

12,540 

1.18 

324 

1.30 

121 

11,545 

967 

12,512 

1.26 

399 

1.37 

110 

12,319 

850 

13,169 

1.43 

418 

1.53 

103 

14,502 

469 

14,971 

1.76 

322 

1.82 

96 

Wells Fargo & Company 

87 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

We believe the allowance for credit losses of $12.0 billion at 

December 31, 2017, was appropriate to cover credit losses 
inherent in the loan portfolio, including unfunded credit 
commitments, at that date. Approximately $694 million of the 
allowance at December 31, 2017, was allocated to our oil and gas 
portfolio, compared with $1.3 billion at December 31, 2016. This 
represented 5.6% and 8.5% of total oil and gas loans outstanding 
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. However, the 
entire allowance is available to absorb credit losses inherent in 
the total loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is subject 
to change and reflects existing factors as of the date of 
determination, including economic or market conditions and 
ongoing internal and external examination processes. Due to the 
sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses to changes in the 
economic and business environment, it is possible that we will 
incur incremental credit losses not anticipated as of the balance 
sheet date. Future allowance levels will be based on a variety of 
factors, including loan growth, portfolio performance and 
general economic conditions. Our process for determining the 
allowance for credit losses is discussed in the “Critical 
Accounting Policies – Allowance for Credit Losses” section and 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

In addition to the allowance for credit losses, there was 

$474 million at December 31, 2017, and $954 million at 
December 31, 2016, of nonaccretable difference to absorb losses 
for PCI loans, which totaled $12.8 billion at December 31, 2017. 
The allowance for credit losses is lower than otherwise would 
have been required without PCI loan accounting. As a result of 
PCI loans, certain ratios of the Company may not be directly 
comparable with credit-related metrics for other financial 
institutions. Additionally, loans purchased at fair value, 
including loans from the GE Capital business acquisitions in 
2016, generally reflect a lifetime credit loss adjustment and 
therefore do not initially require additions to the allowance as is 
typically associated with loan growth. For additional information 
on PCI loans, see the “Risk Management – Credit Risk 
Management – Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans” section, Note 
1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 6 
(Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements 
in this Report. 

The ratio of the allowance for credit losses to total 

nonaccrual loans may fluctuate significantly from period to 
period due to such factors as the mix of loan types in the 
portfolio, borrower credit strength and the value and 
marketability of collateral. 

The allowance for credit losses decreased $580 million, or 

 

5%, in 2017, due to a decrease in our commercial allowance 
reflecting credit quality improvement, including in the oil and 
gas portfolio, as well as improvement in our residential real 
estate portfolios, partially offset by increased allowance in the 
credit card, automobile and other revolving credit and 
installment portfolios. Total provision for credit losses was 
$2.5 billion in 2017, $3.8 billion in 2016 and $2.4 billion in 
2015. The provision for credit losses was $400 million less than 
net charge-offs in 2017, reflecting improvement in the oil and 
gas portfolio, compared with $250 million more than net charge-
offs in 2016. The 2015 provision was $450 million less than net 
charge-offs. 

88 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
LIABILITY FOR MORTGAGE LOAN REPURCHASE LOSSES 
We sell residential mortgage loans to various parties, including 
(1) government-sponsored entities (GSEs) Federal Home Loan 
Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and Federal National Mortgage 
Association (FNMA) who include the mortgage loans in GSE-
guaranteed mortgage securitizations, (2) SPEs that issue private 
label MBS, and (3) other financial institutions that purchase 
mortgage loans for investment or private label securitization. In 
addition, we pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage 
loans that are then used to back securities guaranteed by the 
Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA). We may 
be required to repurchase these mortgage loans, indemnify the 
securitization trust, investor or insurer, or reimburse the 
securitization trust, investor or insurer for credit losses incurred 
on loans (collectively, repurchase) in the event of a breach of 
contractual representations or warranties that is not remedied 
within a period (usually 90 days or less) after we receive notice 
of the breach. 
 
mortgage loans to various parties, we have established a 
mortgage repurchase liability, initially at fair value, related to 
various representations and warranties that reflect 
management’s estimate of losses for loans for which we could 
have a repurchase obligation, whether or not we currently 
service those loans, based on a combination of factors. Our 
mortgage repurchase liability estimation process also 
incorporates a forecast of repurchase demands associated with 
mortgage insurance rescission activity. 

In connection with our sales and securitization of residential 

Because we typically retain the servicing for the mortgage 

loans we sell or securitize, we believe the quality of our 
residential mortgage loan servicing portfolio provides helpful 
information in evaluating our repurchase liability. Of the 
$1.6 trillion in the residential mortgage loan servicing portfolio 
at December 31, 2017, 95% was current and less than 1% was 
subprime at origination. Our combined delinquency and 
foreclosure rate on this portfolio was 5.14% at December 31, 
2017, compared with 4.83% at December 31, 2016. Two percent 
of this portfolio is private label securitizations for which we 
originated the loans and, therefore, have some repurchase risk. 

Table 37:  Changes in Mortgage Repurchase Liability 

  

The overall level of unresolved repurchase demands and 
mortgage insurance rescissions outstanding at December 31, 
2017, was $108 million, representing 482 loans, down from 
$125 million, or 597 loans, a year ago both in number of 
outstanding loans and in total dollar balances. The decrease was 
predominantly due to private investor demands resolved with 
minimal repurchase risk. 

Customary with industry practice, we have the right of 

recourse against correspondent lenders from whom we have 
purchased loans with respect to representations and warranties. 
Historical recovery rates as well as projected lender performance 
are incorporated in the establishment of our mortgage 
repurchase liability. 

We do not typically receive repurchase requests from 
GNMA, FHA and the Department of Housing and Urban 
Development (HUD) or VA. As an originator of an FHA-insured 
or VA-guaranteed loan, we are responsible for obtaining the 
insurance with the FHA or the guarantee with the VA. To the 
extent we are not able to obtain the insurance or the guarantee 
we must request permission to repurchase the loan from the 
GNMA pool. Such repurchases from GNMA pools typically 
represent a self-initiated process upon discovery of the 
uninsurable loan (usually within 180 days from funding of the 
loan). Alternatively, in lieu of repurchasing loans from GNMA 
pools, we may be asked by FHA/HUD or the VA to indemnify 
them (as applicable) for defects found in the Post Endorsement 
Technical Review process or audits performed by FHA/HUD or 
the VA. The Post Endorsement Technical Review is a process 
whereby HUD performs underwriting audits of closed/insured 
FHA loans for potential deficiencies. Our liability for mortgage 
loan repurchase losses incorporates probable losses associated 
with such indemnification. 

Table 37 summarizes the changes in our mortgage 

repurchase liability. We incurred net losses on repurchased 
loans and investor reimbursements totaling $19 million in 2017, 
compared with $46 million in 2016. 

(in millions) 

Balance, beginning of period 
Assumed with MSR purchases (1) 
Provision for repurchase losses: 

Loan sales 
Change in estimate (2) 

Net additions (reductions) 
Losses 

Balance, end of period 

Quarter ended 

Dec 31, 

Sep 30, 

Jun 30, 

Mar 31, 

Year ended Dec 31, 

$ 

2017 

179 
—

4 
2 

6 
(4) 

$ 

181 

2017 

2017 

178 
10

6

(12) 

(6) 
(3) 

179 

222 
— 

6 
(45) 

(39) 
(5) 

178 

2017 

229 
— 

8
(8) 

— 
(7) 

222 

2017 

229 
10 

24 
(63) 

(39) 
(19) 

181 

2016 

378 
—

36 
(139) 

(103) 
(46) 

229 

2015 

615 
— 

43 
(202) 

(159)
 
(78)
 

378 

(1)  Represents repurchase liability associated with portfolio of loans underlying mortgage servicing rights acquired during the period. 
(2)  Results from changes in investor demand and mortgage insurer practices, credit deterioration and changes in the financial stability of correspondent lenders. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

89 

Risk Management – Credit Risk Management (continued) 

servicer, (2) consult with each servicer and use reasonable 
efforts to cause the servicer to observe its servicing obligations, 
(3) prepare monthly distribution statements to security holders 
and, if required by the securitization documents, certain periodic 
reports required to be filed with the SEC, (4) if required by the 
securitization documents, calculate distributions and loss 
allocations on the mortgage-backed securities, (5) prepare tax 
and information returns of the securitization trust, and (6) 
advance amounts required by non-affiliated servicers who fail to 
perform their advancing obligations. 

Each agreement under which we act as servicer or master 

servicer generally specifies a standard of responsibility for 
actions we take in such capacity and provides protection against 
expenses and liabilities we incur when acting in compliance with 
the specified standard. For example, private label securitization 
agreements under which we act as servicer or master servicer 
typically provide that the servicer and the master servicer are 
entitled to indemnification by the securitization trust for taking 
action or refraining from taking action in good faith or for errors 
in judgment. However, we are not indemnified, but rather are 
required to indemnify the securitization trustee, against any 
failure by us, as servicer or master servicer, to perform our 
servicing obligations or against any of our acts or omissions that 
involve willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the 
performance of, or reckless disregard of, our duties. In addition, 
if we commit a material breach of our obligations as servicer or 
master servicer, we may be subject to termination if the breach is 
not cured within a specified period following notice, which can 
generally be given by the securitization trustee or a specified 
percentage of security holders. Whole loan sale contracts under 
which we act as servicer generally include similar provisions 
with respect to our actions as servicer. The standards governing 
servicing in GSE-guaranteed securitizations, and the possible 
remedies for violations of such standards, vary, and those 
standards and remedies are determined by servicing guides 
maintained by the GSEs, contracts between the GSEs and 
individual servicers and topical guides published by the GSEs 
from time to time. Such remedies could include indemnification 
or repurchase of an affected mortgage loan. In addition, in 
connection with our servicing activities, we could become subject 
to consent orders and settlement agreements with federal and 
state regulators for alleged servicing issues and practices. In 
general, these can require us to provide customers with loan 
modification relief, refinancing relief, and foreclosure prevention 
and assistance, as well as can impose certain monetary penalties 
on us. 

Our liability for mortgage repurchases, included in “Accrued 
expenses and other liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheet, 
represents our best estimate of the probable loss that we expect 
to incur for various representations and warranties in the 
contractual provisions of our sales of mortgage loans. The 
mortgage repurchase liability estimation process requires 
management to make difficult, subjective and complex 
judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, 
including demand expectations, economic factors, and the 
specific characteristics of the loans subject to repurchase. Our 
evaluation considers all vintages and the collective actions of the 
GSEs and their regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency 
(FHFA), mortgage insurers and our correspondent lenders. We 
maintain regular contact with the GSEs, the FHFA, and other 
significant investors to monitor their repurchase demand 
practices and issues as part of our process to update our 
repurchase liability estimate as new information becomes 
available. The liability was $181 million at December 31, 2017, 
and $229 million at December 31, 2016. In 2017, we released 
$39 million, which increased net gains on mortgage loan 
origination/sales activities, compared with a release of 
$103 million in 2016. The release in 2017 was predominantly 
due to assumption updates based on recently observed trends. 

Because of the uncertainty in the various estimates 

underlying the mortgage repurchase liability, there is a range of 
losses in excess of the recorded mortgage repurchase liability 
that are reasonably possible. The estimate of the range of 
possible loss for representations and warranties does not 
represent a probable loss, and is based on currently available 
information, significant judgment, and a number of assumptions 
that are subject to change. The high end of this range of 
reasonably possible losses exceeded our recorded liability by 
$136 million at December 31, 2017, and was determined based 
upon modifying the assumptions (particularly to assume 
significant changes in investor repurchase demand practices) 
used in our best estimate of probable loss to reflect what we 
believe to be the high end of reasonably possible adverse 
assumptions. For additional information on our repurchase 
liability, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

 

RISKS RELATING TO SERVICING ACTIVITIES  In addition to 
servicing loans in our portfolio, we act as servicer and/or master 
servicer of residential mortgage loans included in GSE-
guaranteed mortgage securitizations, GNMA-guaranteed 
mortgage securitizations of FHA-insured/VA-guaranteed 
mortgages and private label mortgage securitizations, as well as 
for unsecuritized loans owned by institutional investors. The 
following discussion summarizes the primary duties and 
requirements of servicing and related industry developments. 

The loans we service were originated by us or by other 

mortgage loan originators. As servicer, our primary duties are 
typically to (1) collect payments due from borrowers, (2) advance 
certain delinquent payments of principal and interest on the 
mortgage loans, (3) maintain and administer any hazard, title or 
primary mortgage insurance policies relating to the mortgage 
loans, (4) maintain any required escrow accounts for payment of 
taxes and insurance and administer escrow payments, (5) 
foreclose on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent 
consistent with the related servicing agreement, consider 
alternatives to foreclosure, such as loan modifications or short 
sales, and (6) for loans sold into private label securitizations, 
manage the foreclosed property through liquidation. As master 
servicer, our primary duties are typically to (1) supervise, 
monitor and oversee the servicing of the mortgage loans by the 

90 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Asset/Liability Management 
Asset/liability management involves evaluating, monitoring and 
managing interest rate risk, market risk, liquidity and funding. 
Primary oversight of interest rate risk and market risk resides 
with the Finance Committee of our Board of Directors (Board), 
which oversees the administration and effectiveness of financial 
risk management policies and processes used to assess and 
manage these risks. Primary oversight of liquidity and funding 
resides with the Risk Committee of the Board. At the 
management level we utilize a Corporate Asset/Liability 
Management Committee (Corporate ALCO), which consists of 
senior financial, risk, and business executives, to oversee these 
risks and report on them periodically to the Board’s Finance 
Committee and Risk Committee as appropriate. As discussed in 
more detail for trading activities below, we employ separate 
management level oversight specific to market risk. 
 
INTEREST RATE RISK  Interest rate risk, which potentially can 
have a significant earnings impact, is an integral part of being a 
financial intermediary. We are subject to interest rate risk 
because: 
• 	

assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different 
times (for example, if assets reprice faster than liabilities 
and interest rates are generally rising, earnings will initially 
increase); 
assets and liabilities may reprice at the same time but by 
different amounts (for example, when the general level of 
interest rates is rising, we may increase rates paid on 
checking and savings deposit accounts by an amount that is 
less than the general rise in market interest rates); 
short-term and long-term market interest rates may change 
by different amounts (for example, the shape of the yield 
curve may affect new loan yields and funding costs 
differently); 
the remaining maturity of various assets or liabilities may 
shorten or lengthen as interest rates change (for example, if 
long-term mortgage interest rates increase sharply, MBS 
held in the investment securities portfolio may pay down 
slower than anticipated, which could impact portfolio 
income); or 
interest rates may also have a direct or indirect effect on 
loan demand, collateral values, credit losses, mortgage 
origination volume, the fair value of MSRs and other 
financial instruments, the value of the pension liability and 
other items affecting earnings. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

 

We assess interest rate risk by comparing outcomes under 

various net interest income simulations using many interest rate 
scenarios that differ in the direction of interest rate changes, the 
degree of change over time, the speed of change and the 
projected shape of the yield curve. These simulations require 
assumptions regarding drivers of earnings and balance sheet 
composition such as loan originations, prepayment speeds on 
loans and investment securities, deposit flows and mix, as well 
as pricing strategies. 

Currently, our profile is such that we project net interest 
income will benefit modestly from higher interest rates as our 
assets would reprice faster and to a greater degree than our 
liabilities, while in the case of lower interest rates, our assets 
would reprice downward and to a greater degree than our 
liabilities. 

Our most recent simulations estimate net interest income 
sensitivity over the next two years under a range of both lower 
and higher interest rates. Measured impacts from standardized 
ramps (gradual changes) and shocks (instantaneous changes) 

are summarized in Table 38, indicating net interest income 
sensitivity relative to the Company's base net interest income 
plan. Ramp scenarios assume interest rates move gradually in 
parallel across the yield curve relative to the base scenario in 
year one, and the full amount of the ramp is held as a constant 
differential to the base scenario in year two. The following 
describes the simulation assumptions for the scenarios 
presented in Table 38: 
• 	

Simulations are dynamic and reflect anticipated growth 
across assets and liabilities. 

• 	 Other macroeconomic variables that could be correlated 

with the changes in interest rates are held constant. 

• 	 Mortgage prepayment and origination assumptions vary 

across scenarios and reflect only the impact of the higher or 
lower interest rates. 

• 	 Our base scenario deposit forecast incorporates mix changes 
consistent with the base interest rate trajectory. Deposit mix 
is modeled to be the same as in the base scenario across the 
alternative scenarios. In higher rate scenarios, customer 
activity that shifts balances into higher-yielding products 
could reduce expected net interest income. 

• 	 We hold the size of the projected investment securities 

portfolio constant across scenarios. 

Table 38:  Net Interest Income Sensitivity Over Next Two-Year 
Horizon Relative to Base Expectation 

  

Lower Rates 

Higher Rates 

100 bps 
Ramp 
Parallel
 Decrease 

100 bps 
Instantaneous 
Parallel 
Increase 

200 bps 
Ramp 
Parallel 
Increase 

$ 

(1.2) - (0.7) 

1.8 - 2.3 

1.9 - 2.4 

($ in billions) 

Base 

First Year of 

Forecasting 
Horizon 

Net Interest Income 

Sensitivity to 
Base Scenario 

Key Rates at 

Horizon End 

Fed Funds Target 

2.25  % 

10-year CMT (1) 

3.24 

1.25 

2.24 

3.25 

4.24 

4.25 

5.24 

Second Year of 
Forecasting 
Horizon 

Net Interest Income 

Sensitivity to 
Base Scenario 

Key Rates at 

Horizon End 

$ 

(2.2) - (1.7) 

2.5 - 3.0 

4.3 - 4.8 

Fed Funds Target 

2.75  % 

10-year CMT (1) 

3.77 

1.75 

2.77 

3.75 

4.77 

4.75 

5.77 

(1) 	 U.S. Constant Maturity Treasury Rate 

Between 2014 and 2016, we entered into receive fixed 

interest rate swaps to hedge our LIBOR-based commercial loans, 
when the expectation was for interest rates to be lower for 
longer. By doing so, we converted lower-yielding floating rate 
loans into higher-yielding fixed rate loans. At the peak, we had 
$86 billion in notional value of loan swaps. Given our desire to 
be modestly more asset sensitive, we began unwinding these 
hedges in third quarter 2017, and have currently unwound all 
these interest rate swaps. Elimination of these swaps will reduce 
interest income from these loans in 2018, but it has increased 
our sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Since the swaps were 
entered into they generated incremental net interest income of 
approximately $3 billion. The pre-tax loss in other 
comprehensive income at the time of unwinding the swaps was 
$1 billion and will be amortized to loan interest income over the 
remaining life of the original contracts, which is approximately 3 

Wells Fargo & Company 

91 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

years. The sensitivity results presented in Table 38 reflect the full 
swap portfolio unwinds to best illustrate our profile after the 
swap repositioning. 

The sensitivity results above do not capture interest rate 

sensitive noninterest income and expense impacts. Our interest 
rate sensitive noninterest income and expense is primarily 
driven by mortgage activity, and may move in the opposite 
direction of our net interest income. Typically, in response to 
higher interest rates, mortgage activity, primarily refinancing 
activity, generally declines. And in response to lower interest 
rates, mortgage activity generally increases. Mortgage results are 
also impacted by the valuation of MSRs and related hedge 
positions. See the “Risk Management – Asset/Liability 
Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate and Market 
Risk” section in this Report for more information. 

We use the investment securities portfolio and exchange-
traded and over-the-counter (OTC) interest rate derivatives to 
hedge our interest rate exposures. See the “Balance Sheet 
Analysis – Investment Securities” section in this Report for more 
information on the use of the available-for-sale and held-to­
maturity securities portfolios. The notional or contractual 
amount, credit risk amount and fair value of the derivatives used 
to hedge our interest rate risk exposures as of December 31, 
2017, and December 31, 2016, are presented in Note 16 
(Derivatives) to Financial Statements in this Report. We use 
derivatives for asset/liability management in two main ways: 
• 	

to convert the cash flows from selected asset and/or liability 
instruments/portfolios including investments, commercial 
loans and long-term debt, from fixed-rate payments to 
floating-rate payments, or vice versa; and 
to economically hedge our mortgage origination pipeline, 
funded mortgage loans and MSRs using interest rate swaps, 
swaptions, futures, forwards and options. 

• 	

 

MORTGAGE BANKING INTEREST RATE AND MARKET RISK 
We originate, fund and service mortgage loans, which subjects 
us to various risks, including credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. Based on market conditions and other factors, we reduce 
credit and liquidity risks by selling or securitizing a majority of 
the long-term fixed-rate mortgage and ARM loans we originate. 
On the other hand, we may hold originated ARMs and fixed-rate 
mortgage loans in our loan portfolio as an investment for our 
growing base of deposits. We determine whether the loans will 
be held for investment or held for sale at the time of 
commitment. We may subsequently change our intent to hold 
loans for investment and sell some or all of our ARMs or fixed-
rate mortgages as part of our corporate asset/liability 
management. We may also acquire and add to our securities 
available for sale a portion of the securities issued at the time we 
securitize MHFS. 

Interest rate and market risk can be substantial in the 

mortgage business. Changes in interest rates may potentially 
reduce total origination and servicing fees, the value of our 
residential MSRs measured at fair value, the value of MHFS and 
the associated income and loss reflected in mortgage banking 
noninterest income, the income and expense associated with 
instruments (economic hedges) used to hedge changes in the fair 
value of MSRs and MHFS, and the value of derivative loan 
commitments (interest rate “locks”) extended to mortgage 
applicants. 

Interest rates affect the amount and timing of origination 

and servicing fees because consumer demand for new mortgages 
and the level of refinancing activity are sensitive to changes in 
mortgage interest rates. Typically, a decline in mortgage interest 
rates will lead to an increase in mortgage originations and fees 

and may also lead to an increase in servicing fee income, 
depending on the level of new loans added to the servicing 
portfolio and prepayments. Given the time it takes for consumer 
behavior to fully react to interest rate changes, as well as the 
time required for processing a new application, providing the 
commitment, and securitizing and selling the loan, interest rate 
changes will affect origination and servicing fees with a lag. The 
amount and timing of the impact on origination and servicing 
fees will depend on the magnitude, speed and duration of the 
change in interest rates. 

We measure originations of MHFS at fair value where an 

active secondary market and readily available market prices exist 
to reliably support fair value pricing models used for these loans. 
Loan origination fees on these loans are recorded when earned, 
and related direct loan origination costs are recognized when 
incurred. We also measure at fair value certain of our other 
interests held related to residential loan sales and 
securitizations. We believe fair value measurement for MHFS 
and other interests held, which we hedge with free-standing 
derivatives (economic hedges) along with our MSRs measured at 
fair value, reduces certain timing differences and better matches 
changes in the value of these assets with changes in the value of 
derivatives used as economic hedges for these assets. During 
2015, 2016, and most of 2017, in response to continued 
secondary market illiquidity, we continued to originate certain 
prime non-agency loans to be held for investment for the 
foreseeable future rather than to be held for sale. 

We initially measure all of our MSRs at fair value and carry 
substantially all of them at fair value depending on our strategy 
for managing interest rate risk. Under this method, the MSRs 
are recorded at fair value at the time we sell or securitize the 
related mortgage loans. The carrying value of MSRs carried at 
fair value reflects changes in fair value at the end of each quarter 
and changes are included in net servicing income, a component 
of mortgage banking noninterest income. If the fair value of the 
MSRs increases, income is recognized; if the fair value of the 
MSRs decreases, a loss is recognized. We use a dynamic and 
sophisticated model to estimate the fair value of our MSRs and 
periodically benchmark our estimates to independent appraisals. 
The valuation of MSRs can be highly subjective and involve 
complex judgments by management about matters that are 
inherently unpredictable. See “Critical Accounting Policies – 
Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” section in 
this Report for additional information. Changes in interest rates 
influence a variety of significant assumptions included in the 
periodic valuation of MSRs, including prepayment speeds, 
expected returns and potential risks on the servicing asset 
portfolio, the value of escrow balances and other servicing 
valuation elements. 

An increase in interest rates generally reduces the 

propensity for refinancing, extends the expected duration of the 
servicing portfolio and, therefore, increases the estimated fair 
value of the MSRs. However, an increase in interest rates can 
also reduce mortgage loan demand and, therefore, reduce 
origination income. A decline in interest rates generally 
increases the propensity for refinancing, reduces the expected 
duration of the servicing portfolio and therefore reduces the 
estimated fair value of MSRs. This reduction in fair value causes 
a charge to income for MSRs carried at fair value, net of any 
gains on free-standing derivatives (economic hedges) used to 
hedge MSRs. We may choose not to fully hedge the entire 
potential decline in the value of our MSRs resulting from a 
decline in interest rates because the potential increase in 
origination/servicing fees in that scenario provides a partial 
“natural business hedge.” 

92 

Wells Fargo & Company 

The price risk associated with our MSRs is economically 

• 	

hedged with a combination of highly liquid interest rate forward 
instruments including mortgage forward contracts, interest rate 
swaps and interest rate options. All of the instruments included 
in the hedge are marked to market daily. Because the hedging 
instruments are traded in predominantly highly liquid markets, 
their prices are readily observable and are fully reflected in each 
quarter’s mark to market. Quarterly MSR hedging results 
include a combination of directional gain or loss due to market 
changes as well as any carry income generated. If the economic 
hedge is effective, its overall directional hedge gain or loss will 
offset the change in the valuation of the underlying MSR asset. 
Gains or losses associated with these economic hedges are 
included in mortgage banking noninterest income. Consistent 
with our longstanding approach to hedging interest rate risk in 
the mortgage business, the size of the hedge and the particular 
combination of forward hedging instruments at any point in 
time is designed to reduce the volatility of the mortgage 
business’s earnings over various time frames within a range of 
mortgage interest rates. Because market factors, the composition 
of the mortgage servicing portfolio and the relationship between 
the origination and servicing sides of our mortgage business 
change continually, the types of instruments used in our hedging 
are reviewed daily and rebalanced based on our evaluation of 
current market factors and the interest rate risk inherent in our 
MSRs portfolio. Throughout 2017, our economic hedging 
strategy generally used forward mortgage purchase contracts 
that were effective at offsetting the impact of interest rates on 
the value of the MSR asset. 

Mortgage forward contracts are designed to pass the full 

economics of the underlying reference mortgage securities to the 
holder of the contract, including both the directional gain and 
loss from the forward delivery of the reference securities and the 
corresponding carry income. Carry income represents the 
contract’s price accretion from the forward delivery price to the 
spot price including both the yield earned on the reference 
securities and the market implied cost of financing during the 
period. The actual amount of carry income earned on the hedge 
each quarter will depend on the amount of the underlying asset 
that is hedged and the particular instruments included in the 
hedge. The level of carry income is driven by the slope of the 
yield curve and other market driven supply and demand factors 
affecting the specific reference securities. A steep yield curve 
generally produces higher carry income while a flat or inverted 
yield curve can result in lower or potentially negative carry 
income. The level of carry income is also affected by the type of 
instrument used. In general, mortgage forward contracts tend to 
produce higher carry income than interest rate swap contracts. 
Carry income is recognized over the life of the mortgage forward 
as a component of the contract’s mark to market gain or loss. 

Hedging the various sources of interest rate risk in mortgage 

banking is a complex process that requires sophisticated 
modeling and constant monitoring. While we attempt to balance 
these various aspects of the mortgage business, there are several 
potential risks to earnings: 
• 	

Valuation changes for MSRs associated with interest rate 
changes are recorded in earnings immediately within the 
accounting period in which those interest rate changes 
occur, whereas the impact of those same changes in interest 
rates on origination and servicing fees occur with a lag and 
over time. Thus, the mortgage business could be protected 
from adverse changes in interest rates over a period of time 
on a cumulative basis but still display large variations in 
income from one accounting period to the next. 

The degree to which our net gains on loan originations 
offsets valuation changes for MSRs is imperfect, varies at 
different points in the interest rate cycle, and depends not 
just on the direction of interest rates but on the pattern of 
quarterly interest rate changes. 

• 	 Origination volumes, the valuation of MSRs and hedging 

results and associated costs are also affected by many 
factors. Such factors include the mix of new business 
between ARMs and fixed-rate mortgages, the relationship 
between short-term and long-term interest rates, the degree 
of volatility in interest rates, the relationship between 
mortgage interest rates and other interest rate markets, and 
other interest rate factors. Additional factors that can 
impact the valuation of the MSRs include changes in 
servicing and foreclosure costs due to changes in investor or 
regulatory guidelines, as well as individual state foreclosure 
legislation, and changes in discount rates due to market 
participants requiring a higher return due to updated 
market expectations on costs and risks associated with 
investing in MSRs. Many of these factors are hard to predict 
and we may not be able to directly or perfectly hedge their 
effect. 

• 	 While our hedging activities are designed to balance our 

mortgage banking interest rate risks, the financial 
instruments we use may not perfectly correlate with the 
values and income being hedged. For example, the change 
in the value of ARM production held for sale from changes 
in mortgage interest rates may or may not be fully offset by 
LIBOR index-based financial instruments used as economic 
hedges for such ARMs. Additionally, hedge-carry income on 
our economic hedges for the MSRs may not continue at 
recent levels if the spread between short-term and long­
term rates decreases, or there are other changes in the 
market for mortgage forwards that affect the implied carry. 

The total carrying value of our residential and commercial 
 
MSRs was $15.0 billion and $14.4 billion at December 31, 2017 
and 2016, respectively. The weighted-average note rate on our 
portfolio of loans serviced for others was 4.23% and 4.26% at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The carrying value of 
our total MSRs represented 0.88% and 0.85% of mortgage loans 
serviced for others at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

As part of our mortgage banking activities, we enter into 
commitments to fund residential mortgage loans at specified 
times in the future. A mortgage loan commitment is an interest 
rate lock that binds us to lend funds to a potential borrower at a 
specified interest rate and within a specified period of time, 
generally up to 60 days after inception of the rate lock. These 
loan commitments are derivative loan commitments if the loans 
that will result from the exercise of the commitments will be held 
for sale. These derivative loan commitments are recognized at 
fair value on the balance sheet with changes in their fair values 
recorded as part of mortgage banking noninterest income. The 
fair value of these commitments include, at inception and during 
the life of the loan commitment, the expected net future cash 
flows related to the associated servicing of the loan as part of the 
fair value measurement of derivative loan commitments. 
Changes subsequent to inception are based on changes in fair 
value of the underlying loan resulting from the exercise of the 
commitment and changes in the probability that the loan will not 
fund within the terms of the commitment, referred to as a fall­
out factor. The value of the underlying loan commitment is 
affected by changes in interest rates and the passage of time. 

Outstanding derivative loan commitments expose us to the 

risk that the price of the mortgage loans underlying the 

Wells Fargo & Company 

93 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

commitments might decline due to increases in mortgage 
interest rates from inception of the rate lock to the funding of the 
loan. To minimize this risk, we employ mortgage forwards and 
options and Eurodollar futures and options contracts as 
economic hedges against the potential decreases in the values of 
the loans. We expect that these derivative financial instruments 
will experience changes in fair value that will either fully or 
partially offset the changes in fair value of the derivative loan 
commitments. However, changes in investor demand, such as 
concerns about credit risk, can also cause changes in the spread 
relationships between underlying loan value and the derivative 
financial instruments that cannot be hedged. 

MARKET RISK – TRADING ACTIVITIES  The Finance 
Committee of our Board of Directors reviews the acceptable 
market risk appetite for our trading activities. We engage in 
trading activities to accommodate the investment and risk 
management activities of our customers (which generally 
comprises a subset of the transactions recorded as trading and 
derivative assets and liabilities on our balance sheet), and to 
execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. 
These activities mostly occur within our Wholesale Banking 
businesses and to a lesser extent other divisions of the Company. 
All of our trading assets, and derivative assets and liabilities 
(including securities, foreign exchange transactions and 
commodity transactions) are carried at fair value. Income earned 
related to these trading activities include net interest income and 
changes in fair value related to trading assets and derivative 
assets and liabilities. Net interest income earned from trading 
activity is reflected in the interest income and interest expense 
components of our income statement. Changes in fair value 
related to trading assets, and derivative assets and liabilities are 
reflected in net gains on trading activities, a component of 
noninterest income in our income statement. 

Table 39 presents total revenue from trading activities. 

Table 39:  Net Gains (Losses) from Trading Activities 

  

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions)	 

Interest income (1) 
Less: Interest expense (2) 

$ 

Net interest income 

Noninterest income: 

2017 

2,928 
416 

2,512 

Net gains (losses) from
 
trading activities (3):
 
Customer 

accommodation 
Economic hedges 

and other (4) 
Total net gains 
from trading 
activities 

835 

218 

1,053 

2016 

2,506 
354 

2,152 

828 

6 

834 

2015 

1,971
 
357
 

1,614 

806 

(192) 

614 

Total trading-related net 

interest and noninterest 
income 

$ 

3,565 

2,986 

2,228 

(1) 	 Represents interest and dividend income earned on trading securities. 
(2) 	 Represents interest and dividend expense incurred on trading securities we 

have sold but have not yet purchased. 

(3) 	 Represents realized gains (losses) from our trading activity and unrealized 

gains (losses) due to changes in fair value of our trading positions, attributable 
to the type of business activity. 

(4) 	 Excludes economic hedging of mortgage banking and asset/liability 

management activities, for which hedge results (realized and unrealized) are 
reported with the respective hedged activities. 

Customer accommodation  Customer accommodation activities 
are conducted to help customers manage their investment and 
risk management needs. We engage in market-making activities 
or act as an intermediary to purchase or sell financial 
instruments in anticipation of or in response to customer needs. 
This category also includes positions we use to manage our 
exposure to customer transactions. 

In our customer accommodation trading, we serve as 

intermediary between buyer and seller. For example, we may 
purchase or sell a derivative to a customer who wants to manage 
interest rate risk exposure. We typically enter into offsetting 
derivative or security positions with a separate counterparty or 
exchange to manage our exposure to the derivative with our 
customer. We earn income on this activity based on the 
transaction price difference between the customer and offsetting 
derivative or security positions, which is reflected in the fair 
value changes of the positions recorded in net gains on trading 
activities. 

Customer accommodation trading also includes net gains 

related to market-making activities in which we take positions to 
facilitate customer order flow. For example, we may own 
securities recorded as trading assets (long positions) or sold 
securities we have not yet purchased, recorded as trading 
liabilities (short positions), typically on a short-term basis, to 
facilitate support of buying and selling demand from our 
customers. As a market maker in these securities, we earn 
income due to: (1) the difference between the price paid or 
received for the purchase and sale of the security (bid-ask 
spread), (2) the net interest income, and (3) the change in fair 
value of the long or short positions during the short-term period 
held on our balance sheet. Additionally, we may enter into 
separate derivative or security positions to manage our exposure 
related to our long or short security positions. Income earned on 
this type of market-making activity is reflected in the fair value 
changes of these positions recorded in net gains on trading 
activities. 

Economic hedges and other  Economic hedges in trading 
activities are not designated in a hedge accounting relationship 
and exclude economic hedging related to our asset/liability risk 
management and mortgage banking risk management activities. 
Economic hedging activities include the use of trading securities 
to economically hedge risk exposures related to non-trading 
activities or derivatives to hedge risk exposures related to 
trading assets or trading liabilities. Economic hedges are 
unrelated to our customer accommodation activities. Other 
activities include financial assets held for investment purposes 
that we elected to carry at fair value with changes in fair value 
recorded to earnings in order to mitigate accounting 
measurement mismatches or avoid embedded derivative 
accounting complexities. 
 
Daily Trading-Related Revenue  Table 40 provides information 
on the distribution of daily trading-related revenues for the 
Company’s trading portfolio. This trading-related revenue is 
defined as the change in value of the trading assets and trading 
liabilities, trading-related net interest income, and trading-
related intra-day gains and losses. Net trading-related revenue 
does not include activity related to long-term positions held for 
economic hedging purposes, period-end adjustments, and other 
activity not representative of daily price changes driven by 
market factors. 

 

94 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 40:  Distribution of Daily Trading-Related Revenues 

  

Market risk is the risk of possible economic loss from adverse 
changes in market risk factors such as interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity, commodity prices, 
mortgage rates, and market liquidity. Market risk is intrinsic to 
the Company’s sales and trading, market making, investing, and 
risk management activities. 

The Company uses value-at-risk (VaR) metrics 

complemented with sensitivity analysis and stress testing in 
measuring and monitoring market risk. These market risk 
measures are monitored at both the business unit level and at 
aggregated levels on a daily basis. Our corporate market risk 
management function aggregates and monitors all exposures to 
ensure risk measures are within our established risk appetite. 
Changes to the market risk profile are analyzed and reported on 
a daily basis. The Company monitors various market risk 
exposure measures from a variety of perspectives, including line 
of business, product, risk type, and legal entity. 

VaR is a statistical risk measure used to estimate the potential 
loss from adverse moves in the financial markets. The VaR 
measures assume that historical changes in market values 
(historical simulation analysis) are representative of the 
potential future outcomes and measure the expected loss over a 
given time interval (for example, 1 day or 10 days) at a given 
confidence level. Our historical simulation analysis approach 
uses historical observations of daily changes in each of the 
market risk factors from each trading day in the previous 
12 months. The risk drivers of each market risk exposure are 
updated on a daily basis. We measure and report VaR for 1-day 
and 10-day holding periods at a 99% confidence level. This 
means we would expect to incur single day losses greater than 
predicted by VaR estimates for the measured positions one time 
in every 100 trading days. We treat data from all historical 
periods as equally relevant and consider using data for the 
previous 12 months as appropriate for determining VaR. We 
believe using a 12-month look-back period helps ensure the 
Company’s VaR is responsive to current market conditions. 

VaR measurement between different financial institutions is 

not readily comparable due to modeling and assumption 
differences from company to company. VaR measures are more 
useful when interpreted as an indication of trends rather than an 
absolute measure to be compared across financial institutions. 
VaR models are subject to limitations which include, but are not 
limited to, the use of historical changes in market factors that 
may not accurately reflect future changes in market factors, and 
the inability to predict market liquidity in extreme market 
conditions. All limitations such as model inputs, model 
assumptions, and calculation methodology risk are monitored by 
the Corporate Market Risk Group and the Corporate Model Risk 
Group. 

The VaR models measure exposure to the following 

categories: 
• 	

credit risk – exposures from corporate credit spreads, asset-
backed security spreads, and mortgage prepayments. 
interest rate risk – exposures from changes in the level, 
slope, and curvature of interest rate curves and the volatility 
of interest rates. 
equity risk – exposures to changes in equity prices and 
volatilities of single name, index, and basket exposures. 
commodity risk – exposures to changes in commodity prices 
and volatilities. 
foreign exchange risk – exposures to changes in foreign 
exchange rates and volatilities. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

VaR is a primary market risk management measure for 

assets and liabilities classified as trading positions and is used as 
a supplemental analysis tool to monitor exposures classified as 
available for sale (AFS) and other exposures that we carry at fair 
value. 

Trading VaR is the measure used to provide insight into the 

market risk exhibited by the Company’s trading positions. The 
Company calculates Trading VaR for risk management purposes 
to establish line of business and Company-wide risk limits. 
Trading VaR is calculated based on all trading positions 

Wells Fargo & Company 

95 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

classified as trading assets, other liabilities, derivative assets or 
derivative liabilities on our balance sheet. 

Table 41 shows the Company’s Trading General VaR by risk 

category. The average Company Trading General VaR for 2017 
was $21 million with a low of $11 million and high of $31 million. 

Table 41:  Trading 1-Day 99% General VaR by Risk Category 

  

December 31, 2017	 

Year ended 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

Period 
end 

Average 

Low 

High 

Period 
end 

Average 

Low 

High 

Company Trading General VaR Risk Categories 
Credit 
Interest rate 
Equity 
Commodity 
Foreign exchange 
Diversification benefit (1) 

Company Trading General VaR	 

$

$

12 
13 
10 
1 
0 
(24) 

12 

24 
15 
12 
1
1

(32) 

21 

11
6
9
1
0

36 
27 
17 
2 
1 

11

31 

20 
13
14 
1
0 
(25) 

23 

17
12 
15
2
1

(26) 

21

12 
5 
11 
1 
0 

15 

32 
23 
19 
4 
14 

27 

(1) 	 The period-end VaR was less than the sum of the VaR components described above, which is due to portfolio diversification. The diversification effect arises because the 
risks are not perfectly correlated causing a portfolio of positions to usually be less risky than the sum of the risks of the positions alone. The diversification benefit is not 
meaningful for low and high metrics since they may occur on different days. 

Sensitivity Analysis Given the inherent limitations of the VaR 
models, the Company uses other measures, including sensitivity 
analysis, to measure and monitor risk. Sensitivity analysis is the 
measure of exposure to a single risk factor, such as a 0.01% 
increase in interest rates or a 1% increase in equity prices. We 
conduct and monitor sensitivity on interest rates, credit spreads, 
volatility, equity, commodity, and foreign exchange exposure. 
Sensitivity analysis complements VaR as it provides an 
indication of risk relative to each factor irrespective of historical 
market moves. 

Stress Testing While VaR captures the risk of loss due to adverse 
changes in markets using recent historical market data, stress 
testing is designed to capture the Company’s exposure to 
extreme but low probability market movements. Stress scenarios 
estimate the risk of losses based on management’s assumptions 
of abnormal but severe market movements such as severe credit 
spread widening or a large decline in equity prices. These 
scenarios assume that the market moves happen instantaneously 
and no repositioning or hedging activity takes place to mitigate 
losses as events unfold (a conservative approach since 
experience demonstrates otherwise). 

An inventory of scenarios is maintained representing both 

historical and hypothetical stress events that affect a broad range 
of market risk factors with varying degrees of correlation and 
differing time horizons. Hypothetical scenarios assess the impact 
of large movements in financial variables on portfolio values. 
Typical examples include a 1% (100 basis point) increase across 
the yield curve or a 10% decline in equity market indexes. 
Historical scenarios utilize an event-driven approach: the stress 
scenarios are based on plausible but rare events, and the analysis 
addresses how these events might affect the risk factors relevant 
to a portfolio. 

The Company’s stress testing framework is also used in 
calculating results in support of the Federal Reserve Board’s 
Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and 
internal stress tests. Stress scenarios are regularly reviewed and 
updated to address potential market events or concerns. For 
more detail on the CCAR process, see the “Capital Management” 
section in this Report. 

Committee Capital Accord of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision. The Company must calculate regulatory capital 
under the Basel III market risk capital rule, which requires 
banking organizations with significant trading activities to adjust 
their capital requirements to reflect the market risks of those 
activities based on comprehensive and risk sensitive methods 
and models. The market risk capital rule is intended to cover the 
risk of loss in value of covered positions due to changes in 
market conditions. 
 
Composition of Material Portfolio of Covered Positions  The 
positions that are “covered” by the market risk capital rule are 
generally a subset of our trading assets, and derivative assets and 
liabilities, specifically those held by the Company for the purpose 
of short-term resale or with the intent of benefiting from actual 
or expected short-term price movements, or to lock in arbitrage 
profits. Positions excluded from market risk regulatory capital 
treatment are subject to the credit risk capital rules applicable to 
the “non-covered” trading positions. 

The material portfolio of the Company’s “covered” positions 

is mostly concentrated in the trading assets, and derivative 
assets and liabilities within Wholesale Banking where the 
substantial portion of market risk capital resides. Wholesale 
Banking engages in the fixed income, traded credit, foreign 
exchange, equities, and commodities markets businesses. Other 
business segments hold smaller trading positions covered under 
the market risk capital rule. 

Regulatory Market Risk Capital Components  The capital 
required for market risk on the Company’s “covered” positions is 
determined by internally developed models or standardized 
specific risk charges. The market risk regulatory capital models 
are subject to internal model risk management and validation. 
The models are continuously monitored and enhanced in 
response to changes in market conditions, improvements in 
system capabilities, and changes in the Company’s market risk 
exposure. The Company is required to obtain and has received 
prior written approval from its regulators before using its 
internally developed models to calculate the market risk capital 
charge. 

Basel III prescribes various VaR measures in the 

Regulatory Market Risk Capital  reflects U.S. regulatory agency 
risk-based capital regulations that are based on the Basel 

determination of regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets 
(RWAs). The Company uses the same VaR models for both 

96 

Wells Fargo & Company 

market risk management purposes as well as regulatory capital 
calculations. For regulatory purposes, we use the following 
metrics to determine the Company’s market risk capital 
requirements: 
 
General VaR measures the risk of broad market movements such 
as changes in the level of credit spreads, interest rates, equity 
prices, commodity prices, and foreign exchange rates. General 

 
Table 42:  Regulatory 10-Day 99% General VaR by Risk Category 

  

VaR uses historical simulation analysis based on 99% confidence 
level and a 10-day holding period. 

Table 42 shows the General VaR measure categorized by 

major risk categories. The average 10-day Company Regulatory 
 
General VaR for 2017 was $29 million with a low of $17 million 
and high of $45 million. 

(in millions) 

Wholesale Regulatory General VaR Risk Categories 
Credit 
Interest rate 
Equity 
Commodity 
Foreign exchange 
Diversification benefit (1) 

Wholesale Regulatory General VaR 
Company Regulatory General VaR 

December 31, 2017	 

Year ended 
December 31, 2016 

Period 

end  Average 

Low  High 

Period 

end  Average 

Low 

High 

$

$

43 
22 
4 
3 
1 
(42) 

31 
33 

65 
29 
6 
5 
5 
(83) 

27 
29 

31
11
1
2
1

16
17

96 
71 
23 
21 
29 

42 
45 

47 
28 
3 
6 
3 
(69) 

18 
21 

33 
30 
4 
6 
3 
(51) 

25 
26 

18
9
(0) 
1
1

7
6

83 
56 
12 
23 
25 

54
 
56
 

(1) 	 The period-end VaR was less than the sum of the VaR components described above, which is due to portfolio diversification. The diversification benefit arises because the 
risks are not perfectly correlated causing a portfolio of positions to usually be less risky than the sum of the risks of the positions alone. The diversification benefit is not 
meaningful for low and high metrics since they may occur on different days. 

Specific Risk measures the risk of loss that could result from 
factors other than broad market movements, or name-specific 
market risk. Specific Risk uses Monte Carlo simulation analysis 
based on a 99% confidence level and a 10-day holding period. 

Total VaR (as presented in Table 43) is composed of General 
VaR and Specific Risk and uses the previous 12 months of 
historical market data in compliance with regulatory 
requirements. 

Total Stressed VaR (as presented in Table 43) uses a historical 
period of significant financial stress over a continuous 12 month 
period using historically available market data and is composed 
of Stressed General VaR and Stressed Specific Risk. Total 
Stressed VaR uses the same methodology and models as Total 
VaR. 

Incremental Risk Charge (as presented in Table 43) captures 
losses due to both issuer default and migration risk at the 99.9% 
confidence level over the one-year capital horizon under the 
assumption of constant level of risk or a constant position 
assumption. The model covers all non-securitized credit-
sensitive trading products. 

The Company calculates Incremental Risk by generating a 
portfolio loss distribution using Monte Carlo simulation, which 
assumes numerous scenarios, where an assumption is made that 
the portfolio’s composition remains constant for a one-year time 
horizon. Individual issuer credit grade migration and issuer 
default risk is modeled through generation of the issuer’s credit 
rating transition based upon statistical modeling. Correlation 
between credit grade migration and default is captured by a 
multifactor proprietary model which takes into account industry 
classifications as well as regional effects. Additionally, the 
impact of market and issuer specific concentrations is reflected 
in the modeling framework by assignment of a higher charge for 
portfolios that have increasing concentrations in particular 
issuers or sectors. Lastly, the model captures product basis risk; 
that is, it reflects the material disparity between a position and 
its hedge. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

97 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

Table 43 provides information on Total VaR, Total Stressed 

VaR and the Incremental Risk Charge results for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2017. Incremental Risk Charge uses the 
higher of the quarterly average or the quarter end result. For the 

Table 43:  Market Risk Regulatory Capital Modeled Components 

  

fourth quarter, the required capital for market risk equals the 
quarter end result. 

(in millions) 

Total VaR 
Total Stressed VaR 
Incremental Risk Charge 

Quarter ended December 31, 2017 

Average 

$ 

51 
339 
57 

Low 

43 
277 
35 

High 

66 
430 
86 

Quarter 
end 

51 
361 
63 

December 31, 2017 
Risk-
weighted 
assets (1) 

Risk-
based 
capital (1) 

153 
1,017 
63

1,913 
12,709 
790 

(1)  Results represent the risk-based capital and RWAs based on the VaR and Incremental Risk Charge models. 

Securitized Products Charge  Basel III requires a separate 
market risk capital charge for positions classified as a 
securitization or re-securitization. The primary criteria for 
classification as a securitization are whether there is a transfer of 
risk and whether the credit risk associated with the underlying 
exposures has been separated into at least two tranches 
reflecting different levels of seniority. Covered trading 
securitizations positions include consumer and commercial 
asset-backed securities (ABS), commercial mortgage-backed 
securities (CMBS), residential mortgage-backed securities 
(RMBS), and collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
(CLO/CDO) positions. The securitization capital requirements 
are the greater of the capital requirements of the net long or 
short exposure, and are capped at the maximum loss that could 
be incurred on any given transaction. 

Table 44 shows the aggregate net fair market value of 

securities and derivative securitization positions by exposure 
type that meet the regulatory definition of a covered trading 
securitization position at December 31, 2017 and 2016. 

Table 44:  Covered Securitization Positions by Exposure Type 
(Net Market Value) 

  

(in millions) 

ABS 

CMBS 

RMBS  CLO/CDO 

December 31, 2017 

Securitization exposure: 
Securities 
Derivatives 

Total 

December 31, 2016 

Securitization Exposure: 
Securities 
Derivatives 

Total 

$ 

719 
3 

$ 

722 

257 
(5) 

252 

805 
0 

805 

$ 

801 
3 

$ 

804 

397 
4 

401 

911 
1 

912 

913 
(1) 

912 

791 
(8) 

783 

Securitization Due Diligence and Risk Monitoring  The market 
risk capital rule requires that the Company conduct due 
diligence on the risk of each securitization position within three 
days of its purchase. The Company’s due diligence seeks to 
provide an understanding of the features that would materially 
affect the performance of a securitization or re-securitization. 
The due diligence analysis is re-performed on a quarterly basis 
for each securitization and re-securitization position. The 
Company uses an automated solution to track the due diligence 
associated with securitization activity. The Company aims to 
manage the risks associated with securitization and 
re-securitization positions through the use of offsetting positions 
and portfolio diversification. 
 
Standardized Specific Risk Charge  For debt and equity positions 
that are not evaluated by the approved internal specific risk 
models, a regulatory prescribed standard specific risk charge is 
applied. The standard specific risk add-on for sovereign entities, 
public sector entities, and depository institutions is based on the 
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD) country risk classifications (CRC) and the remaining 
contractual maturity of the position. These risk add-ons for debt 
positions range from 0.25% to 12%. The add-on for corporate 
debt is based on creditworthiness and the remaining contractual 
maturity of the position. All other types of debt positions are 
subject to an 8% add-on. The standard specific risk add-on for 
equity positions is generally 8%. 

  

Comprehensive Risk Charge/Correlation Trading  The market 
risk capital rule requires capital for correlation trading positions. 
The Company’s remaining correlation trading exposure covered 
under the market risk capital rule matured in fourth quarter 
2014. 

  

98 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 45 summarizes the market risk-based capital 

requirements charge and market RWAs in accordance with the 
Basel III market risk capital rule as of December 31, 2017 and 

 
Table 45:  Market Risk Regulatory Capital and RWAs 

  

2016. The market RWAs are calculated as the sum of the 
components in the table below. 

(in millions) 

Total VaR 
Total Stressed VaR 
Incremental Risk Charge 
Securitized Products Charge 
Standardized Specific Risk Charge 
De minimis Charges (positions not included in models) 

Total 

RWA Rollforward  Table 46 depicts the changes in market risk 
regulatory capital and RWAs under Basel III for the full year and 
fourth quarter of 2017. 

 

Table 46:  Analysis of Changes in Market Risk Regulatory 
 
Capital and RWAs 

  

Risk-
based 
capital 

Risk-
weighted 
assets 

(in millions) 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

$ 

Total VaR 
Total Stressed VaR 
Incremental Risk Charge 
Securitized Products Charge 
Standardized Specific Risk Charge 
De minimis Charges 

3,528 
(94) 
(118) 
(154) 
16 
(281) 
(4) 

Balance, December 31, 2017 

$ 

2,893 

Balance, September 30, 2017 

$ 

Total VaR 
Total Stressed VaR 
Incremental Risk Charge 
Securitized Products Charge 
Standardized Specific Risk Charge 
De minimis Charges 

2,970 
(10) 
180 
29 
(101) 
(172) 
(3) 

Balance, December 31, 2017 

$ 

2,893 

44,100 
(1,178) 
(1,474) 
(1,920) 
196 
(3,508) 
(48) 

36,168 

37,130 
(126) 
2,248 
368 
(1,266) 
(2,152) 
(34) 

36,168 

The largest contributor to the changes to market risk 
regulatory capital and RWAs for fourth quarter 2017 was 
associated with changes in positions due to normal trading 
activity. 

December 31, 2017 
Risk-
Risk-
weighted 
based 
capital 
assets 

December 31, 2016 
Risk-
Risk­
weighted 
based 
capital 
assets 

$ 

153 
1,017 
63 
576 
1,076 
8 

$ 

2,893 

1,913 
12,709 
790 
7,203 
13,454 
99 

36,168 

247 
1,135 
217 
561 
1,357 
11 

3,528 

3,091 
14,183 
2,710 
7,007 
16,962 
147 

44,100 

VaR Backtesting  The market risk capital rule requires 
backtesting as one form of validation of the VaR model. 
Backtesting is a comparison of the daily VaR estimate with the 
actual clean profit and loss (clean P&L) as defined by the market 
risk capital rule. Clean P&L is the change in the value of the 
Company’s covered trading positions that would have occurred 
had previous end-of-day covered trading positions remained 
unchanged (therefore, excluding fees, commissions, net interest 
income, and intraday trading gains and losses). The backtesting 
analysis compares the daily Total VaR for each of the trading 
days in the preceding 12 months with the net clean P&L. Clean 
P&L does not include credit adjustments and other activity not 
representative of daily price changes driven by market risk 
factors. The clean P&L measure of revenue is used to evaluate 
the performance of the Total VaR and is not comparable to our 
actual daily trading net revenues, as reported elsewhere in this 
Report. 

Any observed clean P&L loss in excess of the Total VaR is 

considered a market risk regulatory capital backtesting 
exception. The actual number of exceptions (that is, the number 
of business days for which the clean P&L losses exceed the 
corresponding 1-day, 99% Total VaR measure) over the 
preceding 12 months is used to determine the capital multiplier 
for the capital calculation. The number of actual backtesting 
exceptions is dependent on current market performance relative 
to historic market volatility in addition to model performance 
and assumptions. This capital multiplier increases from a 
minimum of three to a maximum of four, depending on the 
number of exceptions. No backtesting exceptions occurred over 
the preceding 12 months. Backtesting is also performed at line of 
business levels within the Company. 

Table 47 shows daily Total VaR (1-day, 99%) used for 

regulatory market risk capital backtesting for the 12 months 
ended December 31, 2017. The Company’s average Total VaR for 
fourth quarter 2017 was $17 million with a low of $15 million 
and a high of $20 million. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

99 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

 
Table 47:  Daily Total 1-Day 99% VaR Measure (Rolling 12 Months) 

  

Market Risk Governance  The Board’s Finance Committee has 
primary oversight over market risk-taking activities of the 
Company and reviews the acceptable market risk appetite. Our 
management-level Market Risk Committee, which reports to the 
Board’s Finance Committee, is responsible for governance and 
oversight of market risk-taking activities across the Company as 
well as the establishment of market risk appetite and associated 
limits. The Corporate Market Risk Group, within Corporate Risk, 
administers and monitors compliance with the requirements 
established by the Market Risk Committee. The Corporate 
Market Risk Group has oversight responsibilities in identifying, 
measuring and monitoring the Company’s market risk. The 
group is responsible for developing corporate market risk policy, 
creating quantitative market risk models, establishing 
independent risk limits, calculating and analyzing market risk 
capital, and reporting aggregated and line-of-business market 
risk information. Limits are regularly reviewed to ensure they 
remain relevant and within the market risk appetite for the 
Company. An automated limits-monitoring system enables a 
daily comprehensive review of multiple limits mandated across 
businesses. Limits are set with inner boundaries that will be 
periodically breached to promote an ongoing dialogue of risk 
exposure within the Company. Each line of business that exposes 
the Company to market risk has direct responsibility for 
managing market risk in accordance with defined risk tolerances 
and approved market risk mandates and hedging strategies. We 
measure and monitor market risk for both management and 
regulatory capital purposes. 

Model Risk Management  The market risk capital models are 
governed by our management-level Model Risk Committee 
policies and procedures, which include model validation. The 
purpose of model validation includes ensuring models are 
appropriate for their intended use and that appropriate controls 
exist to help mitigate the risk of invalid results. Model validation 
assesses the adequacy and appropriateness of the model, 

including reviewing its key components such as inputs, 
processing components, logic or theory, output results and 
supporting model documentation. Validation also includes 
ensuring significant unobservable model inputs are appropriate 
given observable market transactions or other market data 
within the same or similar asset classes. This ensures modeled 
approaches are appropriate given similar product valuation 
techniques and are in line with their intended purpose. 

The Corporate Model Risk Group provides oversight of 

model validation and assessment processes. Corporate oversight 
responsibilities include evaluating the adequacy of business unit 
model risk management programs, maintaining company-wide 
model validation policies and standards, and reporting the 
results of these activities to management. In addition to the 
corporate-level review, all internal valuation models are subject 
to ongoing review by business-unit-level management. 

MARKET RISK – EQUITY INVESTMENTS  We are directly and 
indirectly affected by changes in the equity markets. We make 
and manage direct equity investments in start-up businesses, 
emerging growth companies, management buy-outs, 
acquisitions and corporate recapitalizations. We also invest in 
non-affiliated funds that make similar private equity 
investments. These private equity investments are made within 
capital allocations approved by management and the Board. The 
Board’s policy is to review business developments, key risks and 
historical returns for the private equity investment portfolio at 
least annually. Management reviews these investments at least 
quarterly and assesses them for possible OTTI. For 
nonmarketable investments, the analysis is based on facts and 
circumstances of each individual investment and the 
expectations for that investment’s cash flows and capital needs, 
the viability of its business model and our exit strategy. 
Nonmarketable investments include private equity investments 
accounted for under the cost method, equity method and fair 
value option. 

100 

Wells Fargo & Company 

In conjunction with the March 2008 initial public offering 

(IPO) of Visa, Inc. (Visa), we received approximately 
20.7 million shares of Visa Class B common stock, the class 
which was apportioned to member banks of Visa at the time of 
the IPO. To manage our exposure to Visa and realize the value of 
the appreciated Visa shares, we incrementally sold these shares 
through a series of sales, thereby eliminating this position as of 
September 30, 2015. As part of these sales, we agreed to 
compensate the buyer for any additional contributions to a 
litigation settlement fund for the litigation matters associated 
with the Class B shares we sold. Our exposure to this retained 
litigation risk has been updated quarterly and is reflected on our 
balance sheet. For additional information about the associated 
litigation matters, see the “Interchange Litigation” section in 
Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this Report as 
supplemented by Note 11 (Legal Actions) to Financial 
Statements in our 2018 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

As part of our business to support our customers, we trade 

public equities, listed/OTC equity derivatives and convertible 
bonds. We have parameters that govern these activities. We also 
have marketable equity securities in the available-for-sale 
securities portfolio, including securities relating to our venture 
capital activities. We manage these investments within capital 
risk limits approved by management and the Board and 
monitored by Corporate ALCO and the Market Risk Committee. 
Gains and losses on these securities are recognized in net income 
when realized and periodically include OTTI charges. 

Changes in equity market prices may also indirectly affect 

our net income by (1) the value of third party assets under 
management and, hence, fee income, (2) borrowers whose 
ability to repay principal and/or interest may be affected by the 
stock market, or (3) brokerage activity, related commission 
income and other business activities. Each business line 
monitors and manages these indirect risks. 

Table 48 provides information regarding our marketable 

 
and nonmarketable equity investments as of December 31, 2017 
and 2016. 

Table 48:  Nonmarketable and Marketable Equity Investments 

  

(in millions) 
Nonmarketable equity investments: 

Cost method: 

Federal bank stock 
Private equity 
Auction rate securities 

Total cost method	 

Equity method: 

LIHTC (1) 
Private equity 
Tax-advantaged renewable energy 
New market tax credit and other 

Total equity method	 

Fair value (2)	 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$  5,369 
1,394 
400 

7,163 

10,269 
3,839 
1,950 
294 

16,352 

4,867 

6,407 
1,465 
525 

8,397 

9,714 
3,635 
2,054 
305 

15,708 

3,275 

Total nonmarketable equity 

investments (3) 

$  28,382 

27,380 

Marketable equity securities: 

Cost 
Net unrealized gains 

$ 

Total marketable equity securities (4)  $ 

532 
146 

678 

706 
505 

1,211 

(1) 	 Represents low income housing tax credit (LIHTC) investments. 
(2) 	 Represents nonmarketable equity investments for which we have elected the 
fair value option. See Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and 
Other Assets) and Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial 
Statements in this Report for additional information. 
Included in other assets on the balance sheet. See Note 7 (Premises, 
Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets) to Financial Statements in 
this Report for additional information. 
Included in available-for-sale securities. See Note 5 (Investment Securities) to 
Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 

(3) 	

(4) 	

Wells Fargo & Company 

101 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING  The objective of effective liquidity 
management is to ensure that we can meet customer loan 
requests, customer deposit maturities/withdrawals and other 
cash commitments efficiently under both normal operating 
conditions and under periods of Wells Fargo-specific and/or 
market stress. To achieve this objective, the Board of Directors 
establishes liquidity guidelines that require sufficient asset-
based liquidity to cover potential funding requirements and to 
avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. 
These guidelines are monitored on a monthly basis by the 
Corporate ALCO and on a quarterly basis by the Board of 
Directors. These guidelines are established and monitored for 
both the consolidated company and for the Parent on a stand­
alone basis to ensure that the Parent is a source of strength for 
its regulated, deposit-taking banking subsidiaries. 

Liquidity Standards  On September 3, 2014, the FRB, OCC 
and FDIC issued a final rule that implements a quantitative 
liquidity requirement consistent with the liquidity coverage ratio 
(LCR) established by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS). The rule requires banking institutions, such 
as Wells Fargo, to hold high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), such 
as central bank reserves and government and corporate debt that 
can be converted easily and quickly into cash, in an amount 
equal to or greater than its projected net cash outflows during a 
30-day stress period. The rule is applicable to the Company on a 
consolidated basis and to our insured depository institutions 
with total assets greater than $10 billion. In addition, the FRB 
finalized rules imposing enhanced liquidity management 
standards on large bank holding companies (BHC) such as Wells 
Fargo, and has finalized a rule that requires large bank holding 
companies to publicly disclose on a quarterly basis certain 
quantitative and qualitative information regarding their LCR 
calculations. 

The FRB, OCC and FDIC have proposed a rule that would 

implement a stable funding requirement, the net stable funding 
ratio (NSFR), which would require large banking organizations, 
such as Wells Fargo, to maintain a sufficient amount of stable 
funding in relation to their assets, derivative exposures and 
commitments over a one-year horizon period. 

Liquidity Coverage Ratio  As of December 31, 2017, the 
consolidated Company and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. were above 

Table 50:  Primary Sources of Liquidity 

  

the minimum LCR requirement of 100%, which is calculated as 
HQLA divided by projected net cash outflows, as each is defined 
under the LCR rule. Table 49 presents the Company’s quarterly 
average values for the daily-calculated LCR and its components 
calculated pursuant to the LCR rule requirements. 

Table 49:  Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 

  

(in millions) 

HQLA (1)(2) 
Projected net cash outflows 

LCR 

HQLA in excess of projected net cash 
outflows 

Average for Quarter ended 
December 31, 2017 

$ 

$ 

393,103
 
317,274
 

124% 

75,829 

(1) Excludes excess HQLA at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
(2) Net of applicable haircuts required under the LCR rule. 

Liquidity Sources  We maintain liquidity in the form of cash, 
cash equivalents and unencumbered high-quality, liquid 
securities. These assets make up our primary sources of liquidity 
which are presented in Table 50. Our primary sources of 
liquidity are substantially the same in composition as HQLA 
under the LCR rule; however, our primary sources of liquidity 
will generally exceed HQLA calculated under the LCR rule due to 
the applicable haircuts to HQLA and the exclusion of excess 
HQLA at our subsidiary insured depository institutions required 
under the LCR rule. 

Our cash is predominantly on deposit with the Federal 

Reserve. Securities included as part of our primary sources of 
liquidity are comprised of U.S. Treasury and federal agency debt, 
and mortgage-backed securities issued by federal agencies 
within our investment securities portfolio. We believe these 
securities provide quick sources of liquidity through sales or by 
pledging to obtain financing, regardless of market conditions. 
Some of these securities are within the held-to-maturity portion 
of our investment securities portfolio and as such are not 
intended for sale but may be pledged to obtain financing. Some 
of the legal entities within our consolidated group of companies 
are subject to various regulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions 
that can limit the transferability of their funds. We believe we 
maintain adequate liquidity for these entities in consideration of 
such funds transfer restrictions. 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

Total  Encumbered  Unencumbered 

Total 

Encumbered  Unencumbered 

Interest-earning deposits 
Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Mortgage-backed securities of federal agencies (1) 

Total 

$  192,580 
51,125 
246,894 

$  490,599 

— 
964 
46,062 

47,026 

192,580 
50,161 
200,832 

200,671 
70,898 
205,655 

443,573 

477,224 

— 
1,160 
52,672 

53,832 

200,671 
69,738 
152,983 

423,392 

(1) 

Included in encumbered securities at December 31, 2017, were securities with a fair value of $1.1 billion which were purchased in December 2017, but settled in January 
2018. 

In addition to our primary sources of liquidity shown in 

Table 50, liquidity is also available through the sale or financing 
of other securities including trading and/or available-for-sale 
securities, as well as through the sale, securitization or financing 
of loans, to the extent such securities and loans are not 
encumbered. In addition, other securities in our held-to­
maturity portfolio, to the extent not encumbered, may be 
pledged to obtain financing. 

Deposits have historically provided a sizeable source of 

relatively low-cost funds. At December 31, 2017, deposits were 
140% of total loans compared with 135% at December 31, 2016. 
Additional funding is provided by long-term debt and short-
term borrowings. We access domestic and international capital 
markets for long-term funding (generally greater than one year) 
through issuances of registered debt securities, private 
placements and asset-backed secured funding. 

102 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 51 shows selected information for short-term 
borrowings, which generally mature in less than 30 days. 

Table 51:  Short-Term Borrowings 

  

(in millions) 
Balance, period end 
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
Commercial paper 
Other short-term borrowings 

Total	 

Average daily balance for period 
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
Commercial paper 
Other short-term borrowings 

Total	 

Maximum month-end balance for period 
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (1) 
Commercial paper (2) 
Other short-term borrowings (3) 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Sep 30, 
2017 

Jun 30, 
2017 

Quarter ended 
Dec 31, 
2016 

Mar 31, 
2017 

$  88,684 
— 
14,572 
$  103,256 

$  88,197 
— 
13,945 
$  102,142 

$  91,604 
— 
14,948 

79,824 
— 
13,987 
93,811 

81,980 
4 
17,209 
99,193 

83,260 
11 
18,301 

78,683 
11 
16,662 
95,356 

79,826 
10 
15,927 
95,763 

78,683 
11 
18,281 

76,366 
10 
18,495 
94,871 

79,942 
51 
18,556 
98,549 

81,284 
78
19,439 

78,124 
120 
18,537 
96,781 

107,271 
121 
17,306 
124,698 

109,645 
121 
18,537 

(1) 	 Highest month-end balance in each of the last five quarters was in November, August, June and February 2017, and October 2016. 
(2) 	 There were no month-end balances in fourth quarter 2017; highest month-end balance in each of the previous four quarters was in July, June and January 2017, and 

November 2016. 

(3) 	 Highest month-end balance in each of the last five quarters was in November, July, April and February 2017, and December 2016. 

 

Parent  In February 2017, the Parent filed a registration 
statement with the SEC for the issuance of senior and 
subordinated notes, preferred stock and other securities. The 
Parent’s ability to issue debt and other securities under 
this registration statement is limited by the debt issuance 
authority granted by the Board. As of December 31, 2017, the 
Parent was authorized by the Board to issue $50 billion in 
outstanding short-term debt and $180 billion in outstanding 
long-term debt. The Parent's short-term debt issuance authority 
granted by the Board was limited to debt issued to affiliates, and 
was revoked by the Board at management's request in January 
2018. The Parent's long-term debt issuance authority granted by 
the Board includes debt issued to affiliates and others. At 
December 31, 2017, the Parent had available $50.0 billion in 
short-term debt issuance authority and $18.6 billion in long­
term debt issuance authority. In 2017, the Parent issued 
$22.3 billion of senior notes, of which $16.4 billion were 
registered with the SEC. 

The Parent’s proceeds from securities issued were used for 
general corporate purposes, and, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement, we expect 
the proceeds from securities issued in the future will be used for 
the same purposes. Depending on market conditions, we may 
purchase our outstanding debt securities from time to time in 
privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender 
offer, or otherwise. 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.  As of December 31, 2017, 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. was authorized by its board of directors 
to issue $100 billion in outstanding short-term debt and 
$175 billion in outstanding long-term debt and had available 
$97.8 billion in short-term debt issuance authority and 
$113.0 billion in long-term debt issuance authority. In April 
2015, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. established a $100 billion bank 
note program under which, subject to any other debt 
outstanding under the limits described above, it may issue 
$50 billion in outstanding short-term senior notes and 
$50 billion in outstanding long-term senior or subordinated 

notes. At December 31, 2017, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. had 
remaining issuance capacity under the bank note program of 
$50.0 billion in short-term senior notes and $38.0 billion in 
long-term senior or subordinated notes. In 2017, Wells Fargo 
Bank, N.A. issued $1.2 billion of unregistered senior notes, none 
of which were issued under the bank note program. In January 
2018, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. issued $6.0 billion of unregistered 
senior notes under the bank note program. In addition, during 
 
2017, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. executed advances of $21.9 billion 
with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines, and as of 
December 31, 2017, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. had outstanding 
advances of $45.9 billion across the Federal Home Loan Bank 
System. In January 2018, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. executed 
$10.5 billion of Federal Home Loan Bank advances. 

Credit Ratings  Investors in the long-term capital markets, as 
well as other market participants, generally will consider, among 
other factors, a company’s debt rating in making investment 
decisions. Rating agencies base their ratings on many 
quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, 
liquidity, asset quality, business mix, the level and quality of 
earnings, and rating agency assumptions regarding the 
probability and extent of federal financial assistance or support 
for certain large financial institutions. Adverse changes in these 
factors could result in a reduction of our credit rating; however, 
our debt securities do not contain credit rating covenants. 

On October 3, 2017, Fitch Ratings, Inc. downgraded certain 

of the Company’s ratings by one notch and revised the ratings 
outlook from negative to stable. On February 6, 2018, Moody’s 
affirmed the Company’s ratings and revised the ratings outlook 
from stable to negative. On February 7, 2018, S&P Global 
Ratings downgraded the Company’s ratings by one notch and 
revised the ratings outlook from negative to stable. Both the 
Parent and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. remain among the top-rated 
financial firms in the U.S. 

See the “Risk Factors” section in this Report for additional 

information regarding our credit ratings and the potential 
impact a credit rating downgrade would have on our liquidity 

Wells Fargo & Company 

103 

Risk Management – Asset/Liability Management (continued) 

and operations, as well as Note 16 (Derivatives) to Financial 
Statements in this Report for information regarding additional 
collateral and funding obligations required for certain derivative 
instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall below 
investment grade. 

Table 52:  Credit Ratings 

  

The current credit ratings of the Parent and Wells Fargo 

Bank, N.A. are presented in Table 52. 

Moody's 
S&P 
Fitch Ratings, Inc. 
DBRS 

Wells Fargo & Company 
Short-term 
borrowings 

Senior debt 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
Short-term 
borrowings 

Long-term 
deposits 

A2 
A­
A+ 
AA (low) 

P-1 
A-2 
F1 
R-1 (middle) 

Aa1 
A+ 
AA 
AA 

P-1 
A-1 
F1+ 
R-1 (high) 

FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK MEMBERSHIP  The Federal 
Home Loan Banks (the FHLBs) are a group of cooperatives that 
lending institutions use to finance housing and economic 
development in local communities. We are a member of the 
FHLBs based in Dallas, Des Moines and San Francisco. Each 
member of the FHLBs is required to maintain a minimum 
investment in capital stock of the applicable FHLB. The board of 
directors of each FHLB can increase the minimum investment 

requirements in the event it has concluded that additional 
capital is required to allow it to meet its own regulatory capital 
requirements. Any increase in the minimum investment 
requirements outside of specified ranges requires the approval of 
the Federal Housing Finance Board. Because the extent of any 
obligation to increase our investment in any of the FHLBs 
depends entirely upon the occurrence of a future event, potential 
future payments to the FHLBs are not determinable. 

Capital Management 

 

We have an active program for managing capital through a 
comprehensive process for assessing the Company’s overall 
capital adequacy. Our objective is to maintain capital at an 
amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance 
objectives, and to meet both regulatory and market expectations. 
We primarily fund our capital needs through the retention of 
earnings net of both dividends and share repurchases, as well as 
through the issuance of preferred stock and long and short-term 
debt. Retained earnings increased $12.2 billion from 
December 31, 2016, predominantly from Wells Fargo net income 
of $22.2 billion, less common and preferred stock dividends of 
$9.3 billion. During 2017, we issued 72.0 million shares of 
common stock. In April 2017, we issued 27.6 million Depositary 
Shares, each representing a 1/1000th interest in a share of Non-
Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series Y, for an 
aggregate public offering price of $690 million. During 2017, we 
repurchased 196.5 million shares of common stock in open 
market transactions, private transactions and from employee 
benefit plans, at a cost of $10.7 billion. We entered into a 
$1 billion forward repurchase contract with an unrelated third 
party in January 2018 that settled in February 2018 for 
15.7 million shares. We also entered into a $600 million forward 
repurchase contract with an unrelated third party in February 
2018 that is expected to settle in second quarter 2018 for 
approximately 11 million shares. For additional information 
about our forward repurchase agreements, see Note 1 (Summary 
of Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in 
this Report. 
 
Regulatory Capital Guidelines 
The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are 
subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements 
administered by the FRB and the OCC. Risk-based capital (RBC) 
guidelines establish a risk-adjusted ratio relating capital to 
different categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures as 
discussed below. 

 
RISK-BASED CAPITAL AND RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS  The 
Company is subject to final and interim final rules issued by 
federal banking regulators to implement Basel III capital 
requirements for U.S. banking organizations. These rules are 
based on international guidelines for determining regulatory 
capital issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS). The federal banking regulators’ capital rules, among 
other things, require on a fully phased-in basis: 
• 	

a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 9.0%, 
comprised of a 4.5% minimum requirement plus a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5% and for us, as a global 
systemically important bank (G-SIB), a capital surcharge to 
be calculated annually, which is 2.0% based on our year-
end 2016 data; 
a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 10.5%, comprised of a 
6.0% minimum requirement plus the capital conservation 
buffer of 2.5% and the G-SIB capital surcharge of 2.0%; 
a minimum total capital ratio of 12.5%, comprised of a 
8.0% minimum requirement plus the capital conservation 
buffer of 2.5% and the G-SIB capital surcharge of 2.0%; 
a potential countercyclical buffer of up to 2.5% to be added 
to the minimum capital ratios, which is currently not in 
effect but could be imposed by regulators at their 
discretion if it is determined that a period of excessive 
credit growth is contributing to an increase in systemic 
risk; 
a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%; and 
a minimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 5.0% 
(comprised of a 3.0% minimum requirement plus a 
supplementary leverage buffer of 2.0%) for large and 
internationally active bank holding companies (BHCs). 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	
• 	

We were required to comply with the final Basel III 

capital rules beginning January 2014, with certain provisions 
subject to phase-in periods. The Basel III capital rules are 
scheduled to be fully phased in by the end of 2021. The 

104 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Basel III capital rules contain two frameworks for calculating 
capital requirements, a Standardized Approach, which 
replaced Basel I, and an Advanced Approach applicable to 
certain institutions, including Wells Fargo. Accordingly, in the 
assessment of our capital adequacy, we must report the lower 
of our CET1, tier 1 and total capital ratios calculated under the 
Standardized Approach and under the Advanced Approach. 

Because the Company has been designated as a G-SIB, we 

will also be subject to the FRB’s rule implementing the 
additional capital surcharge of between 1.0-4.5% on G-SIBs. 
Under the rule, we must annually calculate our surcharge under 
two methods and use the higher of the two surcharges. The first 
method (method one) will consider our size, interconnectedness, 
cross-jurisdictional activity, substitutability, and complexity, 
consistent with a methodology developed by the BCBS and the 
Financial Stability Board (FSB). The second (method two) will 
use similar inputs, but will replace substitutability with use of 
short-term wholesale funding and will generally result in higher 
surcharges than the BCBS methodology. The phase-in period for 
the G-SIB surcharge began on January 1, 2016 and will become 
fully effective on January 1, 2019. Based on year-end 2016 data, 
our 2018 G-SIB surcharge under method two is 2.0% of the 

 
Table 53:  Capital Components and Ratios (Fully Phased-In) (1) 

  

Company’s RWAs, which is the higher of method one and 
method two. Because the G-SIB surcharge is calculated annually 
based on data that can differ over time, the amount of the 
surcharge is subject to change in future years. Under the 
Standardized Approach (fully phased-in), our CET1 ratio of 
11.98% exceeded the minimum of 9.0% by 298 basis points at 
December 31, 2017. 

The tables that follow provide information about our risk-

based capital and related ratios as calculated under Basel III 
capital guidelines. For banking industry regulatory reporting 
purposes, we report our capital in accordance with Transition 
Requirements but are managing our capital based on a fully 
phased-in calculation. For information about our capital 
requirements calculated in accordance with Transition 
Requirements, see Note 27 (Regulatory and Agency Capital 
Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Table 53 summarizes our CET1, tier 1 capital, total capital, 

risk-weighted assets and capital ratios on a fully phased-in basis 
at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. As of 
December 31, 2017, our CET1, tier 1, and total capital ratios were 
lower using RWAs calculated under the Standardized Approach. 

(in millions, except ratios) 
Common Equity Tier 1 
Tier 1 Capital 
Total Capital 
Risk-Weighted Assets 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
Total Capital Ratio 

$ 

Advanced 
Approach 
154,022 
177,466 
208,395 
1,225,939 

December 31, 2017 
Standardized 
Approach 
154,022 
177,466 
218,159 
1,285,563 

12.56% 
14.48 
17.00 

11.98  * 
13.80  * 
16.97  * 

(A) 
(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
(A)/(D) 
(B)/(D) 
(C)/(D) 

Advanced 
Approach 
146,424 
169,063 
200,344 
1,298,688 
11.27 
13.02 
15.43  * 

December 31, 2016 
Standardized 
Approach 
146,424 
169,063 
210,796 
1,358,933 

10.77  * 
12.44  * 
15.51 

*Denotes the lowest capital ratio as determined under the Advanced and Standardized Approaches. 
(1) 	 Fully phased-in regulatory capital amounts, ratios and RWAs are considered non-GAAP financial measures that are used by management, bank regulatory agencies, 

investors and analysts to assess and monitor the Company’s capital position. See Table 54 for information regarding the calculation and components of CET1, tier 1 capital, 
total capital and RWAs, as well as the corresponding reconciliation of our regulatory capital amounts to GAAP financial measures. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

105 

Capital Management (continued) 

Table 54 provides information regarding the calculation and 

composition of our risk-based capital under the Advanced and 
Standardized Approaches at December 31, 2017 and 
December 31, 2016. 

 
Table 54:  Risk-Based Capital Calculation and Components 

  

(in millions) 
Total equity 
Adjustments: 

Preferred stock 
Additional paid-in capital on ESOP preferred stock 
Unearned ESOP shares 
Noncontrolling interests 

Total common stockholders’ equity 
Adjustments: 

Goodwill 
Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) 
Other assets (1) 
Applicable deferred taxes (2) 
Investment in certain subsidiaries and other 

Common Equity Tier 1 (Fully Phased-In) 
Effect of Transition Requirements 

Common Equity Tier 1 (Transition Requirements) 

Common Equity Tier 1 (Fully Phased-In) 

Preferred stock 
Additional paid-in capital on ESOP preferred stock 
Unearned ESOP shares 
Other 

Total Tier 1 capital (Fully Phased-In) 

Effect of Transition Requirements 

Total Tier 1 capital (Transition Requirements) 

Total Tier 1 capital (Fully Phased-In) 
Long-term debt and other instruments qualifying as Tier 2 
Qualifying allowance for credit losses (3) 
Other 
Total Tier 2 capital (Fully Phased-In) 

Effect of Transition Requirements 

Total Tier 2 capital (Transition Requirements)	 

Total qualifying capital (Fully Phased-In) 

Total Effect of Transition Requirements 

Total qualifying capital (Transition Requirements) 

Risk-Weighted Assets (RWAs) (4)(5): 

Credit risk 
Market risk 
Operational risk 

Total RWAs (Fully Phased-In) 

Credit risk 
Market risk 
Operational risk 

Total RWAs (Transition Requirements) 

December 31, 2017 
Standardized 
Approach 
208,079 

Advanced 
Approach 
208,079 

$ 

December 31, 2016 
Standardized 
Approach 
200,497 

Advanced 
Approach 
200,497 

(25,358) 
(122) 
1,678 
(1,143) 
183,134 

(26,587) 
(1,624) 
(2,155) 
962 
292 
154,022 
743 
154,765 

154,022 
25,358 
122 
(1,678) 
(358) 
177,466 
743 
178,209 

177,466 
28,994 
2,196 
(261) 
30,929 
1,195 
32,124 

208,395 
1,938 
210,333 

(25,358) 
(122) 
1,678 
(1,143) 
183,134 

(26,587) 
(1,624) 
(2,155) 
962 
292 
154,022 
743 
154,765 

154,022 
25,358 
122 
(1,678) 
(358) 
177,466 
743 
178,209 

177,466 
28,994 
11,960 
(261) 
40,693 
1,195 
41,888 

218,159 
1,938 
220,097 

(24,551) 
(126) 
1,565 
(916) 
176,469 

(26,693) 
(2,723) 
(2,088) 
1,772 
(313) 
146,424 
2,361 
148,785 

146,424 
24,551 
126 
(1,565) 
(473) 
169,063 
2,301 
171,364 

169,063 
29,465 
2,088 
(272) 
31,281 
1,780 
33,061 

200,344 
4,081 
204,425 

(24,551) 
(126) 
1,565 
(916) 
176,469 

(26,693) 
(2,723) 
(2,088) 
1,772 
(313) 
146,424 
2,361 
148,785 

146,424 
24,551 
126 
(1,565) 
(473) 
169,063 
2,301 
171,364 

169,063 
29,465 
12,540 
(272) 
41,733 
1,780 
43,513 

210,796 
4,081 
214,877 

890,171 
36,168 
299,600 
1,225,939 
863,777 
36,168 
299,600 
1,199,545 

1,249,395 
36,168 
N/A 
1,285,563 
1,224,495 
36,168 
N/A 
1,260,663 

960,763 
44,100 
293,825 
1,298,688 
936,664 
44,100 
293,825 
1,274,589 

1,314,833 
44,100 
N/A 
1,358,933 
1,292,098 
44,100 
N/A 
1,336,198 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

(A) 

(B) 

(A)+(B)  $ 

$ 

$ 

$ 
$ 

$ 

(1) 	 Represents goodwill and other intangibles on nonmarketable equity investments and on held-for-sale assets, which are included in other assets. 
(2) 	 Applicable deferred taxes relate to goodwill and other intangible assets. They were determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income 

tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period end. 

(3) 	 Under the Advanced Approach the allowance for credit losses that exceeds expected credit losses is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 Capital, to the extent the excess 

allowance does not exceed 0.6% of Advanced credit RWAs, and under the Standardized Approach, the allowance for credit losses is includable in Tier 2 Capital up to 1.25% 
of Standardized credit RWAs, with any excess allowance for credit losses being deducted from total RWAs. 

(4) 	 RWAs calculated under the Advanced Approach utilize a risk-sensitive methodology, which relies upon the use of internal credit models based upon our experience with 

internal rating grades. Advanced Approach also includes an operational risk component, which reflects the risk of operating loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes or systems. 

(5) 	 Under the regulatory guidelines for risk-based capital, on-balance sheet assets and credit equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet items are assigned to 

one of several broad risk categories according to the obligor, or, if relevant, the guarantor or the nature of any collateral. The aggregate dollar amount in each risk category 
is then multiplied by the risk weight associated with that category. The resulting weighted values from each of the risk categories are aggregated for determining total 
RWAs. 

106 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 55 presents the changes in Common Equity Tier 1 

under the Advanced Approach for the year ended December 31, 
2017. 

 
Table 55:  Analysis of Changes in Common Equity Tier 1 

  

(in millions) 

Common Equity Tier 1 (Fully Phased-In) at December 31, 2016 

Net income applicable to common stock 
Common stock dividends 
Common stock issued, repurchased, and stock compensation-related items 
Goodwill 
Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than MSRs) 
Other assets (1) 
Applicable deferred taxes (2) 
Investment in certain subsidiaries and other 

Change in Common Equity Tier 1 

Common Equity Tier 1 (Fully Phased-In) at December 31, 2017 

$ 

$ 

146,424 
20,554 
(7,658) 
(6,836) 
105 
1,100 
(68) 
(810) 
1,211 

7,598 

154,022 

(1) 	 Represents goodwill and other intangibles on nonmarketable equity investments and on held-for-sale assets, which are included in other assets. 
(2) 	 Applicable deferred taxes relate to goodwill and other intangible assets. They were determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income 

tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period end. 

Table 56 presents net changes in the components of RWAs 
under the Advanced and Standardized Approaches for the year 
ended December 31, 2017. 

 
Table 56:  Analysis of Changes in RWAs 

  

(in millions) 
RWAs (Fully Phased-In) at December 31, 2016 

Net change in credit risk RWAs 
Net change in market risk RWAs 
Net change in operational risk RWAs 

Total change in RWAs 

RWAs (Fully Phased-In) at December 31, 2017 

Effect of Transition Requirements 

RWAs (Transition Requirements) at December 31, 2017 

Advanced Approach 
1,298,688 
(70,592) 
(7,932) 
5,775 

Standardized Approach 
1,358,933 
(65,438) 
(7,932) 
N/A 

(72,749) 

1,225,939 

(26,394) 

1,199,545 

(73,370) 

1,285,563 

(24,900) 

1,260,663 

$ 

$ 

Wells Fargo & Company 

107 

Capital Management (continued) 

TANGIBLE COMMON EQUITY  We also evaluate our business 
based on certain ratios that utilize tangible common equity. 
Tangible common equity is a non-GAAP financial measure and 
represents total equity less preferred equity, noncontrolling 
interests, and goodwill and certain identifiable intangible assets 
(including goodwill and intangible assets associated with certain 
of our nonmarketable equity investments but excluding 
mortgage servicing rights), net of applicable deferred taxes. 
These tangible common equity ratios are as follows: 
• 	

Tangible book value per common share, which represents 
tangible common equity divided by common shares 
outstanding. 

• 	 Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE), which 

represents our annualized earnings contribution as a 
percentage of tangible common equity. 

The methodology of determining tangible common equity 

may differ among companies. Management believes that 
tangible book value per common share and return on average 
tangible common equity, which utilize tangible common equity, 
are useful financial measures because they enable investors and 
others to assess the Company's use of equity. 

Table 57 provides a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 

financial measures to GAAP financial measures. 

 
Table 57:  Tangible Common Equity 

  

(in millions, except ratios) 
Total equity 
Adjustments: 

Preferred stock 

Additional paid-in capital on ESOP preferred stock 
Unearned ESOP shares 
Noncontrolling interests 

Total common stockholders’ equity 
Adjustments: 

(A) 

Goodwill 
Certain identifiable intangible assets (other than 

MSRs) 

Other assets (1) 
Applicable deferred taxes (2) 

Tangible common equity	 
Common shares outstanding	 
Net income applicable to common stock 

Book value per common share 
Tangible book value per common share 

(B) 
(C) 
(D) 
(A)/(C) 
(B)/(C) 

Return on average common stockholders’ equity 

(ROE) 

(D)/(A) 
Return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE)  (D)/(B) 

Dec 31, 
2017 
$ 208,079 

Balance at period end 
Dec 31, 
Dec 31, 
2015 
2016 
200,497 
193,891 

Average balance for the year ended 
Dec 31, 
2015 
191,584 

Dec 31, 
2016 
200,690 

Dec 31, 
2017 
205,654 

(25,358) 

(24,551) 

(22,214) 

(25,592) 

(24,363) 

(21,715) 

(122) 
1,678 
(1,143) 
183,134 

(126) 
1,565 
(916) 
176,469 

(110) 
1,362 
(893) 
172,036 

(139) 
2,143 
(948) 
181,118 

(161) 
2,011 
(936) 
177,241 

(138) 
1,716 
(1,048) 
170,399 

(26,587) 

(26,693) 

(25,529) 

(26,629) 

(26,700) 

(25,673) 

(1,624) 
(2,155) 
962 
$ 153,730 
4,891.6 
N/A 
37.44 
31.43 

$ 

(2,723) 
(2,088) 
1,772 
146,737 
5,016.1 
N/A 
35.18 
29.25 

(3,167) 
(2,074) 
2,071 
143,337 
5,092.1 
N/A 
33.78 
28.15 

(2,176) 
(2,184) 
1,570 
151,699 
N/A 
$  20,554 
N/A 
N/A 

(3,254) 
(2,117) 
1,897 
147,067 
N/A 
20,373 
N/A 
N/A 

(3,793) 
(1,654) 
2,248 
141,527 
N/A 
21,470 
N/A 
N/A 

N/A 
N/A 

N/A 
N/A 

N/A 
N/A 

11.35  % 
13.55 

11.49 
13.85 

12.60 
15.17 

(1) 	 Represents goodwill and other intangibles on nonmarketable equity investments and on held-for-sale assets, which are included in other assets. 
(2) 	 Applicable deferred taxes relate to goodwill and other intangible assets. They were determined by applying the combined federal statutory rate and composite state income 

tax rates to the difference between book and tax basis of the respective goodwill and intangible assets at period end. 

108 

Wells Fargo & Company 

SUPPLEMENTARY LEVERAGE RATIO  In April 2014, federal 
banking regulators finalized a rule that enhances the SLR 
requirements for BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their insured 
depository institutions. The SLR consists of Tier 1 capital divided 
by the Company’s total leverage exposure. Total leverage 
exposure consists of the total average on-balance sheet assets, 
plus off-balance sheet exposures, such as undrawn commitments 
and derivative exposures, less amounts permitted to be deducted 
from Tier 1 capital. The rule, which became effective on 
January 1, 2018, requires a covered BHC to maintain a SLR of at 
least 5.0% (comprised of the 3.0% minimum requirement plus a 
supplementary leverage buffer of 2.0%) to avoid restrictions on 
capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The rule 
also requires that all of our insured depository institutions 
maintain a SLR of 6.0% under applicable regulatory capital 
adequacy guidelines. In September 2014, federal banking 
regulators finalized additional changes to the SLR requirements 
to implement revisions to the Basel III leverage framework 
finalized by the BCBS in January 2014. These additional 
changes, among other things, modify the methodology for 
including off- balance sheet items, including credit derivatives, 
repo-style transactions and lines of credit, in the denominator of 
the SLR. At December 31, 2017, our SLR for the Company was 
8.0% assuming full phase-in of the Advanced Approach capital 
framework. Based on our review, our current leverage levels 
would exceed the applicable requirements for each of our 
insured depository institutions as well. The fully phased-in SLR 
is considered a non-GAAP financial measure that is used by 
management, bank regulatory agencies, investors and analysts to 
assess and monitor the Company’s leverage exposure. See Table 
58 for information regarding the calculation and components of 
the SLR. 

Table 58:  Fully Phased-In SLR 

  

(in millions, except ratio) 

Tier 1 capital	 

Total average assets 
Less: deductions from Tier 1 capital (1) 

Total adjusted average assets	 

Adjustments: 

Derivative exposures (2) 
Repo-style transactions (3) 
Other off-balance sheet exposures (4) 

Total adjustments	 

$ 

Three months ended 
December 31, 2017 

177,466 

1,935,318
 
29,918
 

1,905,400 

73,359 
3,382 
243,221 

319,962 

Total leverage exposure	 

$ 

2,225,362 

Supplementary leverage ratio	 

8.0% 

(1) 	 Amounts permitted to be deducted from Tier 1 capital primarily include 

goodwill and other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities. 

(2) 	 Represents adjustments for off balance sheet derivative exposures, and 
derivative collateral netting as defined for supplementary leverage ratio 
determination purposes. 

(3) 	 Adjustments for repo-style transactions represent counterparty credit risk for 
all repo-style transactions where Wells Fargo & Company is the principal (i.e., 
principal counterparty facing the client). 

(4) 	 Adjustments for other off-balance sheet exposures represent the notional 

amounts of all off-balance sheet exposures (excluding off balance sheet 
exposures associated with derivative and repo-style transactions) less the 
adjustments for conversion to credit equivalent amounts under the regulatory 
capital rule. 

OTHER REGULATORY CAPITAL MATTERS In December 2016, 
the FRB finalized rules to address the amount of equity and 
unsecured long-term debt a U.S. G-SIB must hold to improve its 
resolvability and resiliency, often referred to as Total Loss 
Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). Under the rules, which become 
effective on January 1, 2019, U.S. G-SIBs will be required to have 

a minimum TLAC amount (consisting of CET1 capital and 
additional tier 1 capital issued directly by the top-tier or covered 
BHC plus eligible external long-term debt) equal to the greater of 
(i) 18% of RWAs and (ii) 7.5% of total leverage exposure (the 
denominator of the SLR calculation). Additionally, U.S. G-SIBs 
will be required to maintain (i) a TLAC buffer equal to 2.5% of 
RWAs plus the firm’s applicable G-SIB capital surcharge 
calculated under method one plus any applicable countercyclical 
buffer that will be added to the 18% minimum and (ii) an 
external TLAC leverage buffer equal to 2.0% of total leverage 
exposure that will be added to the 7.5% minimum, in order to 
avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary 
bonus payments. The rules will also require U.S. G-SIBs to have 
a minimum amount of eligible unsecured long-term debt equal 
to the greater of (i) 6.0% of RWAs plus the firm’s applicable G­
SIB capital surcharge calculated under method two and (ii) 4.5% 
of the total leverage exposure. In addition, the rules will impose 
certain restrictions on the operations and liabilities of the top-
tier or covered BHC in order to further facilitate an orderly 
resolution, including prohibitions on the issuance of short-term 
debt to external investors and on entering into derivatives and 
certain other types of financial contracts with external 
counterparties. While the rules permit permanent 
grandfathering of a significant portion of otherwise ineligible 
long-term debt that was issued prior to December 31, 2016, long­
term debt issued after that date must be fully compliant with the 
eligibility requirements of the rules in order to count toward the 
minimum TLAC amount. As a result of the rules, we will need to 
issue additional long-term debt to remain compliant with the 
requirements. As of December 31, 2017, we estimate that our 
eligible external TLAC as a percentage of total risk-weighted 
assets was 24.1% compared with an expected January 1, 2019 
required minimum of 22.0%. 

In addition, as discussed in the “Risk Management – Asset/ 

Liability Management – Liquidity and Funding – Liquidity 
Standards” section in this Report, federal banking regulators 
have issued a final rule regarding the U.S. implementation of the 
Basel III LCR and a proposed rule regarding the NSFR. 

Capital Planning and Stress Testing 
Our planned long-term capital structure is designed to meet 
regulatory and market expectations. We believe that our long­
term targeted capital structure enables us to invest in and grow 
our business, satisfy our customers’ financial needs in varying 
environments, access markets, and maintain flexibility to return 
capital to our shareholders. Our long-term targeted capital 
structure also considers capital levels sufficient to exceed capital 
requirements including the G-SIB surcharge. Accordingly, based 
on the final Basel III capital rules under the lower of the 
Standardized or Advanced Approaches CET1 capital ratios, we 
currently target a long-term CET1 capital ratio at or in excess of 
10%, which includes a 2% G-SIB surcharge. Our capital targets 
are subject to change based on various factors, including changes 
to the regulatory capital framework and expectations for large 
banks promulgated by bank regulatory agencies, planned capital 
actions, changes in our risk profile and other factors. 

Under the FRB’s capital plan rule, large BHCs are required 

to submit capital plans annually for review to determine if the 
FRB has any objections before making any capital distributions. 
The rule requires updates to capital plans in the event of 
material changes in a BHC’s risk profile, including as a result of 
any significant acquisitions. The FRB assesses the overall 
financial condition, risk profile, and capital adequacy of BHCs 
while considering both quantitative and qualitative factors when 
evaluating capital plans. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

109 

Capital Management (continued) 

Our 2017 capital plan, which was submitted on April 4, 

2017, as part of CCAR, included a comprehensive capital outlook 
supported by an assessment of expected sources and uses of 
capital over a given planning horizon under a range of expected 
and stress scenarios. As part of the 2017 CCAR, the FRB also 
generated a supervisory stress test, which assumed a sharp 
decline in the economy and significant decline in asset pricing 
using the information provided by the Company to estimate 
performance. The FRB reviewed the supervisory stress results 
both as required under the Dodd-Frank Act using a common set 
of capital actions for all large BHCs and by taking into account 
the Company’s proposed capital actions. The FRB published its 
supervisory stress test results as required under the Dodd-Frank 
Act on June 22, 2017. On June 28, 2017, the FRB notified us that 
it did not object to our capital plan included in the 2017 CCAR. 
Federal banking regulators require stress tests to evaluate 

whether an institution has sufficient capital to continue to 
operate during periods of adverse economic and financial 
conditions. These stress testing requirements set forth the 
timing and type of stress test activities large BHCs and banks 
must undertake as well as rules governing stress testing controls, 
oversight and disclosure requirements. The rules also limit a 
large BHC’s ability to make capital distributions to the extent its 
actual capital issuances were less than amounts indicated in its 
capital plan. As required under the FRB’s stress testing rule, we 
must submit a mid-cycle stress test based on second quarter data 
and scenarios developed by the Company. We submitted the 
results of the mid-cycle stress test to the FRB and disclosed a 
summary of the results in October 2017. 

Securities Repurchases 
From time to time the Board authorizes the Company to 
repurchase shares of our common stock. Although we announce 
when the Board authorizes share repurchases, we typically do 
not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. 
Future stock repurchases may be private or open-market 
repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed 
block transactions, forward transactions, and similar 
transactions. Additionally, we may enter into plans to purchase 
stock that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934. Various factors determine the amount and 
timing of our share repurchases, including our capital 
requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for 
employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions 
(including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and 
legal considerations, including the FRB’s response to our capital 
plan and to changes in our risk profile. 

Regulatory Matters 

In January 2016, the Board authorized the repurchase of 

350 million shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2017, 
we had remaining authority to repurchase approximately 
71 million shares, subject to regulatory and legal conditions. In 
January 2018, the Board authorized the repurchase of an 
additional 350 million shares of our common stock. For more 
information about share repurchases during fourth quarter 2017, 
see Part II, Item 5 in our 2017 Form 10-K. 

Historically, our policy has been to repurchase shares under 

the “safe harbor” conditions of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 including a limitation on the daily volume 
of repurchases. Rule 10b-18 imposes an additional daily volume 
limitation on share repurchases during a pending merger or 
acquisition in which shares of our stock will constitute some or 
all of the consideration. Our management may determine that 
during a pending stock merger or acquisition when the safe 
harbor would otherwise be available, it is in our best interest to 
repurchase shares in excess of this additional daily volume 
limitation. In such cases, we intend to repurchase shares in 
compliance with the other conditions of the safe harbor, 
including the standing daily volume limitation that applies 
whether or not there is a pending stock merger or acquisition. 

In connection with our participation in the Capital Purchase 

Program (CPP), a part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program 
(TARP), we issued to the U.S. Treasury Department warrants to 
purchase 110,261,688 shares of our common stock with an 
original exercise price of $34.01 per share expiring on October 
28, 2018. The terms of the warrants require the exercise price to 
be adjusted under certain circumstances when the Company’s 
quarterly common stock dividend exceeds $0.34 per share, 
which began occurring in second quarter 2014. Accordingly, with 
each quarterly common stock dividend above $0.34 per share, 
we must calculate whether an adjustment to the exercise price is 
required by the terms of the warrants, including whether certain 
minimum thresholds have been met to trigger an adjustment, 
and notify the holders of any such change. The Board authorized 
the repurchase by the Company of up to $1 billion of the 
warrants. At December 31, 2017, there were 23,327,854 warrants 
 
outstanding, exercisable at $33.701 per share, and $452 million 
of unused warrant repurchase authority. Depending on market 
conditions, we may purchase from time to time additional 
warrants in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by 
tender offer or otherwise. 

Since the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010, the U.S. 
financial services industry has been subject to a significant 
increase in regulation and regulatory oversight initiatives. This 
increased regulation and oversight has substantially changed 
how most U.S. financial services companies conduct business 
and has increased their regulatory compliance costs. The 
following highlights the more significant regulations and 
regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may affect 
our business. For additional information about the regulatory 
matters discussed below and other regulations and regulatory 
oversight matters, see Part I, Item 1 “Regulation and 
Supervision” of our 2017 Form 10-K, and the “Capital 
Management,” “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk 

Factors” sections and Note 27 (Regulatory and Agency Capital 
Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Dodd-Frank Act 
The Dodd-Frank Act is the most significant financial reform 
legislation since the 1930s and is driving much of the current 
U.S. regulatory reform efforts. The Dodd-Frank Act and many of 
its provisions became effective in July 2010 and July 2011. The 
following provides additional information on the Dodd-Frank 
Act, including the current status of certain of its rulemaking 
initiatives. 
• 	

Enhanced supervision and regulation of systemically 
important firms.  The Dodd-Frank Act grants broad 

110 

Wells Fargo & Company 

authority to federal banking regulators to establish 
enhanced supervisory and regulatory requirements for 
systemically important firms. The FRB has finalized a 
number of regulations implementing enhanced prudential 
requirements for large bank holding companies (BHCs) like 
Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk 
and liquidity management, and imposing debt-to-equity 
limits on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave 
threat to the financial stability of the United States. The FRB 
and OCC have also finalized rules implementing stress 
testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks. 
The FRB has also re-proposed, but not yet finalized, 
additional enhanced prudential standards that would 
implement single counterparty credit limits and establish 
remediation requirements for large BHCs experiencing 
financial distress. Similarly, the FRB has proposed 
additional requirements regarding effective risk 
management practices at large BHCs, including its 
expectations for boards of directors and senior 
management. In addition to the authorization of enhanced 
supervisory and regulatory requirements for systemically 
important firms, the Dodd-Frank Act also established the 
Financial Stability Oversight Council and the Office of 
Financial Research, which may recommend new systemic 
risk management requirements and require new reporting 
of systemic risks. The OCC, under separate authority, has 
also finalized guidelines establishing heightened governance 
and risk management standards for large national banks 
such as Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. The OCC guidelines require 
covered banks to establish and adhere to a written risk 
governance framework in order to manage and control their 
risk-taking activities. The guidelines also formalize roles and 
responsibilities for risk management practices within 
covered banks and create certain risk oversight 
responsibilities for their boards of directors. 

• 	 Regulation of consumer financial products.  The Dodd-

Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau (CFPB) to ensure consumers receive clear and 
accurate disclosures regarding financial products and to 
protect them from hidden fees and unfair or abusive 
practices. With respect to residential mortgage lending, the 
CFPB issued a number of final rules implementing new 
origination, notification, disclosure and other requirements, 
as well as additional limitations on the fees and charges that 
may be increased from the estimates provided by lenders. 
The CFPB finalized amendments to the rule implementing 
the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, resulting in a significant 
expansion of the data points lenders are required to collect 
beginning January 1, 2018 and report to the CFPB 
beginning January 1, 2019. The CFPB also expanded the 
transactions covered by the rule and increased the reporting 
frequency from annual to quarterly for large volume 
lenders, such as Wells Fargo, beginning January 1, 2020. 
With respect to other financial products, the CFPB finalized 
rules, most of which become effective on April 1, 2019, to 
make prepaid cards subject to similar consumer protections 
as those provided by more traditional debit and credit cards 
such as fraud protection and expanded access to account 
information. 
 
In addition to these rulemaking activities, the CFPB is 
continuing its on-going supervisory examination activities 
of the financial services industry with respect to a number of 
consumer businesses and products, including mortgage 
lending and servicing, fair lending requirements, student 
lending activities, and automobile finance. At this time, the 

• 	

Company cannot predict the full impact of the CFPB’s 
rulemaking and supervisory authority on our business 
practices or financial results. 
Volcker Rule.  The Volcker Rule, with limited exceptions, 
prohibits banking entities from engaging in proprietary 
trading or owning any interest in or sponsoring or having 
certain relationships with a hedge fund, a private equity 
fund or certain structured transactions that are deemed 
covered funds. Federal banking regulators, the SEC and 
CFTC (collectively, the Volcker supervisory regulators) 
jointly released a final rule to implement the Volcker Rule’s 
restrictions. As a banking entity with more than $50 billion 
in consolidated assets, we are also subject to enhanced 
compliance program requirements. 

• 	 Regulation of swaps and other derivatives activities.  The 

Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive framework for 
regulating over-the-counter derivatives and authorized the 
CFTC and the SEC to regulate swaps and security-based 
swaps, respectively. The CFTC has adopted rules applicable 
to our provisionally registered swap dealer, Wells Fargo 
Bank, N.A., that require, among other things, extensive 
regulatory and public reporting of swaps, central clearing 
and trading of swaps on exchanges or other multilateral 
platforms, and compliance with comprehensive internal and 
external business conduct standards. The SEC is expected to 
implement parallel rules applicable to security-based swaps. 
In addition, federal regulators have adopted final rules 
establishing margin requirements for swaps and security-
based swaps not centrally cleared. All of these new rules, as 
well as others being considered by regulators in other 
jurisdictions, may negatively impact customer demand for 
over-the-counter derivatives and may increase our costs for 
engaging in swaps and other derivatives activities. 
Changes to asset-backed securities (ABS) markets.  The 
Dodd-Frank Act requires sponsors of certain ABS to hold at 
least a 5% ownership stake in the ABS. Federal regulatory 
agencies have issued final rules to implement this credit risk 
retention requirement, which included an exemption for, 
among other things, GSE mortgage backed securities. The 
final rules may impact our ability to issue certain asset-
backed securities or otherwise participate in various 
securitization transactions. 

• 	

• 	 Regulation of interchange transaction fees (the Durbin 

Amendment).  On October 1, 2011, the FRB rule enacted to 
implement the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act 
that limits debit card interchange transaction fees to those 
reasonable and proportional to the cost of the transaction 
became effective. The rule generally established that the 
maximum allowable interchange fee that an issuer may 
receive or charge for an electronic debit transaction is the 
sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 basis points 
multiplied by the value of the transaction. On July 31, 2013, 
the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled 
that the approach used by the FRB in setting the maximum 
allowable interchange transaction fee impermissibly 
included costs that were specifically excluded from 
consideration under the Durbin Amendment. In August 
2013, the FRB filed a notice of appeal of the decision to the 
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. 
In March 2014, the Court of Appeals reversed the District 
Court’s decision, but did direct the FRB to provide further 
explanation regarding its treatment of the costs of 
monitoring transactions. The plaintiffs did not file a petition 
for rehearing with the Court of Appeals but filed a petition 
for writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court. In 

Wells Fargo & Company 

111 

Regulatory Matters (continued) 

January 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition 
for writ of certiorari. 

Regulatory Capital Guidelines and Capital Plans 
During 2013, federal banking regulators issued final rules that 
substantially amended the risk-based capital rules for banking 
organizations. The rules implement the Basel III regulatory 
capital reforms in the U.S., comply with changes required by the 
Dodd-Frank Act, and replace the existing Basel I-based capital 
requirements. We were required to begin complying with the 
rules on January 1, 2014, subject to phase-in periods that are 
scheduled to be fully phased in by January 1, 2022. In 2014, 
federal banking regulators also finalized rules to impose a 
supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs like Wells Fargo 
and our insured depository institutions and to implement the 
Basel III liquidity coverage ratio. For more information on the 
final capital, leverage and liquidity rules, and additional capital 
requirements applicable to us, see the “Capital Management” 
section in this Report. 

“Living Will” Requirements and Related Matters 
Rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC under the Dodd-Frank 
Act require large financial institutions, including Wells Fargo, to 
prepare and periodically revise resolution plans, so-called 
“living-wills”, that would facilitate their resolution in the event of 
material distress or failure. Under the rules, resolution plans are 
required to provide strategies for resolution under the 
Bankruptcy Code and other applicable insolvency regimes that 
can be accomplished in a reasonable period of time and in a 
manner that mitigates the risk that failure would have serious 
adverse effects on the financial stability of the United States. On 
December 19, 2017, the FRB and FDIC announced that our most 
recent resolution plan submission did not have any deficiencies; 
however, they identified a specific shortcoming that would need 
to be addressed in our next submission. If the FRB or FDIC 
determines that our resolution plan has deficiencies, they may 
impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity 
requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or 
operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the 
FRB or FDIC ultimately determines that we have been unable to 
remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain 
assets or operations. 

We must also prepare and submit to the FRB a recovery 
plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider 
during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to 
remedy any financial weaknesses and restore market confidence 
without extraordinary government support. Recovery options 
include the possible sale, transfer or disposal of assets, 
securities, loan portfolios or businesses. Our insured national 
bank subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”), must also 
prepare and submit to the OCC a recovery plan that sets forth 
the bank’s plan to remain a going concern when the bank is 
experiencing considerable financial or operational stress, but has 
not yet deteriorated to the point where liquidation or resolution 
is imminent. If either the FRB or the OCC determine that our 
recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on 
our business or ultimately require us to divest assets. 
If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a 

bankruptcy proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under 
the resolution regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as 
the “orderly liquidation authority.” The orderly liquidation 
authority allows for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver for 
a systemically important financial institution that is in default or 
in danger of default if, among other things, the resolution of the 
institution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would have serious 

adverse effects on financial stability in the United States. If the 
FDIC is appointed as receiver for Wells Fargo & Company (the 
“Parent”), then the orderly liquidation authority, rather than the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code, would determine the powers of the 
receiver and the rights and obligations of our security holders. 
The FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority requires that security 
holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. 
taxpayers are exposed to any losses, and allows the FDIC to 
disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances. 

Whether under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC 
under the orderly liquidation authority, Wells Fargo could be 
resolved using a “multiple point of entry” strategy, in which the 
Parent and one or more of its subsidiaries would each undergo 
separate resolution proceedings, or a “single point of entry” 
strategy, in which the Parent would likely be the only material 
legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. The FDIC has 
announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a 
desirable strategy under its implementation of the orderly 
liquidation authority, but not all aspects of how the FDIC might 
exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is 
possible. 

The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan 
submission is a multiple point of entry strategy; however, we 
have made a decision to move to a single point of entry 
strategy for our next resolution plan submission. We are not 
obligated to maintain either a single point of entry or multiple 
point of entry strategy, and the strategies reflected in our 
resolution plan submissions are not binding in the event of an 
actual resolution of Wells Fargo, whether conducted under 
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly 
liquidation authority. 

 

To facilitate the orderly resolution of systemically important 

financial institutions in case of material distress or failure, 
federal banking regulations require that institutions, such as 
Wells Fargo, maintain a minimum amount of equity and 
unsecured debt to absorb losses and recapitalize operating 
subsidiaries. Federal banking regulators have also required 
measures to facilitate the continued operation of operating 
subsidiaries notwithstanding the failure of their parent 
companies, such as limitations on parent guarantees, and have 
issued guidance encouraging institutions to take legally binding 
measures to provide capital and liquidity resources to certain 
subsidiaries in order to facilitate an orderly resolution. In 
response to the regulators’ guidance and to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of the Company using either a single point of entry or 
multiple point of entry resolution strategy, on June 28, 2017, the 
Parent entered into a support agreement (the “Support 
Agreement”) with WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding 
company and subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), and the Bank, 
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (“WFS”), and Wells Fargo Clearing 
Services, LLC (“WFCS”), each an indirect subsidiary of the 
Parent. Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the Parent 
transferred a significant amount of its assets, including the 
majority of its cash, deposits, liquid securities and intercompany 
loans (but excluding its equity interests in its subsidiaries and 
certain other assets), to the IHC and will continue to transfer 
those types of assets to the IHC from time to time. In the event 
of our material financial distress or failure, the IHC will be 
obligated to use the transferred assets to provide capital and/or 
liquidity to the Bank pursuant to the Support Agreement and to 
WFS and WFCS through repurchase facilities entered into in 
connection with the Support Agreement. Under the Support 
Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the 
Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of 

112 

Wells Fargo & Company 

credit, which, together with the issuance of dividends, is 
expected to provide the Parent, during business as usual 
operating conditions, with the same access to cash necessary to 
service its debts, pay dividends, repurchase its shares, and 
perform its other obligations as it would have had if it had not 
entered into these arrangements and transferred any assets. If 
certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined 
triggers, the subordinated notes would be forgiven and the 
committed line of credit would terminate, which could 
materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its 
ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result 
in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent 
at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the 
Support Agreement were not implemented. The Parent's and the 
IHC's respective obligations under the Support Agreement are 
secured pursuant to a related security agreement. 

Other Regulatory Related Matters 
•  Department of Labor ERISA fiduciary standard.  In April 
2016, the U.S. Department of Labor adopted a rule under 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
(ERISA) that, among other changes and subject to certain 
exceptions, as of the applicability date of June 9, 2017, 
makes anyone, including broker-dealers, providing 
investment advice to retirement investors a fiduciary who 
must act in the best interest of clients when providing 
investment advice for direct or indirect compensation to a 
retirement plan, to a plan fiduciary, participant or 
beneficiary, or to an investment retirement account (IRA) or 
IRA holder. The rule impacts the manner in which business 
is conducted with retirement investors and affects product 
offerings with respect to retirement plans and IRAs. 

•  OCC revocation of relief.  On November 18, 2016, the OCC 
revoked provisions of certain consent orders that provided 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. relief from specific requirements 
and limitations regarding rules, policies, and procedures for 
corporate activities; OCC approval of changes in directors 
and senior executive officers; and golden parachute 
payments. As a result, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is no longer 
eligible for expedited treatment for certain applications; is 
now required to provide prior written notice to the OCC of a 
change in directors and senior executive officers; and is now 
subject to certain regulatory limitations on golden 
parachute payments. 

• 

• 

Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) rating.  In March 
2017, we announced that the OCC had downgraded our 
most recent CRA rating, which covers the years 2009 – 
2012, to “Needs to Improve” due to previously issued 
regulatory consent orders. A “Needs to Improve” rating 
imposes regulatory restrictions and limitations on certain of 
the Company’s nonbank activities, including its ability to 
engage in certain nonbank mergers and acquisitions or 
undertake new financial in nature activities, and CRA 
performance is taken into account by regulators in 
reviewing applications to establish bank branches and for 
approving proposed bank mergers and acquisitions. The 
rating also results in the loss of expedited processing of 
applications to undertake certain activities, and requires the 
Company to receive prior regulatory approval for certain 
activities, including to issue or prepay certain subordinated 
debt obligations, open or relocate bank branches, or make 
certain public welfare investments. In addition, a “Needs to 
Improve” rating could have an impact on the Company’s 
relationships with certain states, counties, municipalities or 
other public agencies to the extent applicable law, regulation 
or policy limits, restricts or influences whether such entity 
may do business with a company that has a below 
“Satisfactory” rating. 
FRB consent order regarding governance oversight and 
compliance and operational risk management.  On 
February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order 
with the FRB, which requires the Company to submit to the 
FRB within 60 days of the date of the consent order plans to 
further enhance the Board's governance oversight and the 
Company’s compliance and operational risk management. 
The consent order also requires third-party reviews related 
to the adoption and implementation of such plans by 
September 30, 2018. Until these third-party reviews are 
complete and the plans are approved and implemented to 
the satisfaction of the FRB, the Company’s total 
consolidated assets will be limited to the level as of 
December 31, 2017. Compliance with this asset cap will be 
measured on a two-quarter daily average basis to allow for 
management of temporary fluctuations. Once the asset cap 
limitation is removed, a second third-party review must be 
conducted to assess the efficacy and sustainability of the 
improvements. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

113 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

subject to periodic review by an internal team of credit 
specialists. 
Economic assumptions applied to pools of consumer loans 
(statistically modeled).  Losses are estimated using 
economic variables to represent our best estimate of 
inherent loss. Our forecasted losses are modeled using a 
range of economic scenarios. 
Selection of a credit loss estimation model that fits the 
credit risk characteristics of its portfolio.  We use both 
internally developed and vendor supplied models in this 
process. We often use expected loss, roll rate, net flow, 
vintage maturation, behavior score, and time series or 
statistical trend models, most with economic correlations. 
Management must use judgment in establishing additional 
input metrics for the modeling processes, considering 
further stratification into reference data time series, sub-
product, origination channel, vintage, loss type, geographic 
location and other predictive characteristics. The models 
used to determine the allowance for credit losses are 
validated in accordance with Company policies by an 
internal model validation group. 
Assessment of limitations to credit loss estimation models. 
We apply our judgment to adjust our modeled estimates to 
reflect other risks that may be identified from current 
conditions and developments in selected portfolios. 
Identification and measurement of impaired loans, 
including loans modified in a TDR.  Our experienced senior 
credit officers may consider a loan impaired based on their 
evaluation of current information and events, including 
loans modified in a TDR. The measurement of impairment 
is typically based on an analysis of the present value of 
expected future cash flows. The development of these 
expectations requires significant management judgment 
and review. 
An amount for imprecision or uncertainty which reflects 
management’s overall estimate of the effect of quantitative 
and qualitative factors on inherent credit losses.  This 
amount represents management’s judgment of risks 
inherent in the processes and assumptions used in 
establishing the allowance for credit losses. This imprecision 
considers economic environmental factors, modeling 
assumptions and performance, process risk, and other 
subjective factors, including industry trends and emerging 
risk assessments. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting policies (see Note 1 (Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies) to Financial Statements in this 
Report) are fundamental to understanding our results of 
operations and financial condition because they require that we 
use estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our 
assets or liabilities and financial results. Five of these policies are 
critical because they require management to make difficult, 
subjective and complex judgments about matters that are 
inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially 
different amounts would be reported under different conditions 
or using different assumptions. These policies govern: 
• 	
• 	
• 	
• 	
• 	

the allowance for credit losses; 
the valuation of residential MSRs; 
the fair value of financial instruments; 
income taxes; and 
liability for contingent litigation losses. 

Liability for contingent litigation losses was added as a new 

critical accounting policy in second quarter 2017, and the 
accounting policy for PCI loans was removed in fourth quarter 
2017 due to no longer being deemed critical. 

Management and the Board’s Audit and Examination 

committee have reviewed and approved these critical accounting 
policies. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which consists of the 
allowance for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded credit 
commitments, which is management’s estimate of credit losses 
inherent in the loan portfolio, including unfunded credit 
commitments, at the balance sheet date, excluding loans carried 
at fair value. For a description of our related accounting policies, 
see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 

Changes in the allowance for credit losses and, therefore, in 

the related provision for credit losses can materially affect net 
income. In applying the judgment and review required to 
determine the allowance for credit losses, management 
considers changes in economic conditions, customer behavior, 
and collateral value, among other influences. From time to time, 
economic factors or business decisions, such as the addition or 
liquidation of a loan product or business unit, may affect the 
loan portfolio, causing management to provide for or release 
amounts from the allowance for credit losses. While our 
methodology attributes portions of the allowance to specific 
portfolio segments (commercial and consumer), the entire 
allowance for credit losses is available to absorb credit losses 
inherent in the total loan portfolio and unfunded credit 
commitments. 

• 	

Judgment is specifically applied in: 
Credit risk ratings applied to individual commercial loans 
and unfunded credit commitments.  We estimate the 
probability of default in accordance with the borrower’s 
financial strength using a borrower quality rating and the 
severity of loss in the event of default using a collateral 
quality rating. Collectively, these ratings are referred to as 
credit risk ratings and are assigned to our commercial loans. 
Probability of default and severity at the time of default are 
statistically derived through historical observations of 
defaults and losses after default within each credit risk 
rating. Commercial loan risk ratings are evaluated based on 
each situation by experienced senior credit officers and are 

114 

Wells Fargo & Company 

SENSITIVITY TO CHANGES  Table 59 demonstrates the impact 
of the sensitivity of our estimates on our allowance for credit 
losses. 

• 	

 
Table 59:  Allowance Sensitivity Summary 

  

The expected cost to service loans used to estimate future 
net servicing income.  The cost to service loans includes 
estimates for unreimbursed expenses, such as delinquency 
and foreclosure costs, which considers the number of 
defaulted loans as well as changes in servicing processes 
associated with default and foreclosure management. 

(in billions) 
Assumption: 

Favorable (1) 
Adverse (2) 

December 31, 2017 
Estimated 
increase/(decrease) 
in allowance 

$ 

(3.5) 
6.3 

(1) 	 Represents a one risk rating upgrade throughout our commercial portfolio 

segment and a more optimistic economic outlook for modeled losses on our 
consumer portfolio segment. 

(2) 	 Represents a one risk rating downgrade throughout our commercial portfolio 

segment, a more pessimistic economic outlook for modeled losses on our 
consumer portfolio segment, and incremental deterioration for PCI loans. 

The sensitivity analyses provided in the previous table are 

hypothetical scenarios and are not considered probable. They do 
not represent management’s view of inherent losses in the 
portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Because significant 
judgment is used, it is possible that others performing similar 
analyses could reach different conclusions. See the “Risk 
Management – Credit Risk Management – Allowance for Credit 
Losses” section and Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit 
Losses) to Financial Statements in this Report for further 
discussion of our allowance for credit losses. 

 

Valuation of Residential Mortgage Servicing 
Rights (MSRs) 
MSRs are assets that represent the rights to service mortgage 
loans for others. We recognize MSRs when we purchase 
servicing rights from third parties, or retain servicing rights in 
connection with the sale or securitization of loans we originate 
(asset transfers). We also have MSRs acquired in the past under 
co-issuer agreements that provide for us to service loans that 
were originated and securitized by third-party correspondents. 

We carry our MSRs related to residential mortgage loans 

at fair value. Periodic changes in our residential MSRs and 
the economic hedges used to hedge our residential MSRs are 
reflected in earnings. 

We use a model to estimate the fair value of our 

residential MSRs. The model is validated by an internal model 
validation group operating in accordance with Company 
policies. The model calculates the present value of estimated 
future net servicing income and incorporates inputs and 
assumptions that market participants use in estimating fair 
value. Certain significant inputs and assumptions are not 
observable in the market and require judgment to determine: 
The mortgage loan prepayment speed used to estimate 
• 	
future net servicing income.  The prepayment speed is the 
annual rate at which borrowers are forecasted to repay their 
mortgage loan principal; this rate also includes estimated 
borrower defaults. We use models to estimate prepayment 
speeds and borrower defaults which are influenced by 
changes in mortgage interest rates and borrower behavior. 
The discount rate used to present value estimated future 
net servicing income.  The discount rate is the required rate 
of return investors in the market would expect for an asset 
with similar risk. To determine the discount rate, we 
consider the risk premium for uncertainties from servicing 
operations (e.g., possible changes in future servicing costs, 
ancillary income and earnings on escrow accounts). 

• 	

Both prepayment speed and discount rate assumptions can, 

and generally will, change quarterly as market conditions and 
mortgage interest rates change. For example, an increase in 
either the prepayment speed or discount rate assumption results 
in a decrease in the fair value of the MSRs, while a decrease in 
either assumption would result in an increase in the fair value of 
the MSRs. In recent years, there have been significant market-
driven fluctuations in loan prepayment speeds and the discount 
rate. These fluctuations can be rapid and may be significant in 
the future. Additionally, while our current valuation reflects our 
best estimate of servicing costs, future regulatory or investor 
changes in servicing standards, as well as changes in individual 
state foreclosure legislation, may have an impact on our 
servicing cost assumption and our MSR valuation in future 
periods. 

For a description of our valuation and sensitivity of MSRs, 
see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies), Note 8 
(Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities), Note 9 
(Mortgage Banking Activities) and Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets 
and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Fair value represents the price that would be received to sell the 
financial asset or paid to transfer the financial liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date. 

We use fair value measurements to record fair value 

adjustments to certain financial instruments and to determine 
fair value disclosures. For example, trading assets, securities 
available for sale, derivatives and substantially all of our 
residential MHFS are carried at fair value each period. Other 
financial instruments, such as certain MHFS and substantially 
all of our loans held for investment, are not carried at fair value 
each period but may require nonrecurring fair value 
adjustments due to application of lower-of-cost-or-market 
accounting or write-downs of individual assets. We also disclose 
our estimate of fair value for financial instruments not recorded 
at fair value, such as loans held for investment or issuances of 
long-term debt. 

The accounting provisions for fair value measurements 

include a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and 
liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and 
liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to 
the valuation methodology used for measurement are observable 
or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-derived or 
market-based information obtained from independent sources, 
while unobservable inputs reflect our estimates about market 
data. For additional information on fair value levels, see Note 17 
(Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in 
this Report. 

When developing fair value measurements, we maximize 

the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
unobservable inputs. When available, we use quoted prices in 
active markets to measure fair value. If quoted prices in active 
markets are not available, fair value measurement is based upon 
models that use primarily market-based or independently 
sourced market parameters, including interest rate yield curves, 
prepayment speeds, option volatilities and currency rates. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

115 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

However, in certain cases, when market observable inputs for 
model-based valuation techniques are not readily available, we 
are required to make judgments about assumptions market 
participants would use to estimate fair value. Additionally, we 
use third party pricing services to obtain fair values, which are 
used to either record the price of an instrument or to corroborate 
internally developed prices. For additional information on our 
use of pricing services, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies) and Note 17 (Fair Value of Assets and 
Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this Report. 

The degree of management judgment involved in 

determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent 
upon the availability of quoted prices in active markets or 
observable market parameters. For financial instruments with 
quoted market prices or observable market parameters in active 
markets, there is minimal subjectivity involved in measuring fair 
value. When quoted prices and observable data in active markets 
are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to 
estimate fair value. Changes in the market conditions, such as 
reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary 
market activities, may reduce the availability and reliability of 
quoted prices or observable data used to determine fair value. 
When significant adjustments are required to price quotes or 
inputs, it may be appropriate to utilize an estimate based 
primarily on unobservable inputs. When an active market for a 
financial instrument does not exist, the use of management 
estimates that incorporate current market participant 
expectations of future cash flows, adjusted for an appropriate 
risk premium, is acceptable. 

Significant judgment is also required to determine whether 
certain assets measured at fair value are classified as Level 2 or 
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 17 (Fair 
Value of Assets and Liabilities) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. When making this judgment, we consider available 
information, including observable market data, indications of 
market liquidity and orderliness, and our understanding of the 
valuation techniques and significant inputs used. For securities 
in inactive markets, we use a predetermined percentage to 
evaluate the impact of fair value adjustments derived from 
weighting both external and internal indications of value to 
determine if the instrument is classified as Level 2 or Level 3. 
Otherwise, the classification of Level 2 or Level 3 is based upon 
the specific facts and circumstances of each instrument or 
instrument category and judgments are made regarding the 
significance of the Level 3 inputs to the instruments’ fair value 
measurement in its entirety. If Level 3 inputs are considered 
significant, the instrument is classified as Level 3. 

Table 60 presents the summary of the fair value of financial 
instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, and the 
amounts measured using significant Level 3 inputs (before 
derivative netting adjustments). The fair value of the remaining 
assets and liabilities were measured using valuation 
methodologies involving market-based or market-derived 
information (collectively Level 1 and 2 measurements). 

Table 60:  Fair Value Level 3 Summary 

  

($ in billions) 
Assets carried 
at fair value 

As a percentage 
of total assets 
Liabilities carried 

at fair value 

As a percentage of 

total liabilities 

December 31, 2017 
Total  Level 3 
(1) 

balance 

December 31, 2016 
Level 3 
(1) 

Total 
balance 

$  416.6 

24.9 

436.3 

23.5 

21% 

$  27.3 

1 

2.0 

23 

1 

30.9 

1.7 

2% 

* 

2

* 

Less than 1%. 

* 
(1)  Before derivative netting adjustments. 

See Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) to 

Financial Statements in this Report for a complete discussion on 
our fair value of financial instruments, our related measurement 
techniques and the impact to our financial statements. 

 

Income Taxes 
We file consolidated and separate company U.S. federal income 
tax returns, foreign tax returns and various combined and 
separate company state tax returns. We evaluate two 
components of income tax expense: current and deferred income 
tax expense. Current income tax expense represents our 
estimated taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period and 
includes income tax expense related to our uncertain tax 
positions. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in 
deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. We determine 
deferred income taxes using the balance sheet method. Under 
this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the 
tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of 
assets and liabilities, and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates 
and laws in the period in which they occur. Deferred tax assets 
are recognized subject to management’s judgment that 
realization is “more likely than not.” Uncertain tax positions that 
meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are 
measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. An 
uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of 
benefit that management believes has a greater than 50% 
likelihood of realization upon settlement. Tax benefits not 
meeting our realization criteria represent unrecognized tax 
benefits. We account for interest and penalties as a component 
of income tax expense. For prior reporting periods, we did not 
record U.S. tax on undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. 
subsidiaries to the extent the earnings were indefinitely 
reinvested outside of the U.S. Foreign taxes paid are generally 
applied as credits to reduce U.S. income taxes payable. However, 
in 2017, we recorded an estimate of the U.S. tax expense 
associated with a deemed repatriation of the Company's 
previously undistributed foreign earnings as required under the 
Tax Act. 

116 

Wells Fargo & Company 

We apply judgment when establishing an accrual for 

potential losses associated with legal actions and in establishing 
the range of reasonably possible losses in excess of the accrual. 
Our judgment in establishing accruals and the range of 
reasonably possible losses in excess of the Company's accrual for 
probable and estimable losses is influenced by our 
understanding of information currently available related to the 
legal evaluation and potential outcome of actions, including 
input and advice on these matters from our internal counsel, 
external counsel and senior management. These matters may be 
in various stages of investigation, discovery or proceedings. They 
may also involve a wide variety of claims across our businesses, 
legal entities and jurisdictions. The eventual outcome may be a 
scenario that was not considered or was considered remote in 
anticipated occurrence. Accordingly, our estimate of potential 
losses will change over time and the actual losses may vary 
significantly. 

The outcomes of legal actions are unpredictable and subject 

to significant uncertainties, and it is inherently difficult to 
determine whether any loss is probable or even possible. It is 
also inherently difficult to estimate the amount of any loss and 
there may be matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably 
possible but not currently estimable. Accordingly, actual losses 
may be in excess of the established accrual or the range of 
reasonably possible loss. 

See Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in this 

Report for further information. 

The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which 

we operate are complex and subject to different interpretations 
by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. 
In establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must 
make judgments and interpretations about the application of 
these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates 
about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income 
in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign. Our 
interpretations may be subjected to review during examination 
by taxing authorities and disputes may arise over the respective 
tax positions. We attempt to resolve these disputes during the 
tax examination and audit process and ultimately through the 
court systems when applicable. 

We monitor relevant tax authorities and revise our estimate 

of accrued income taxes due to changes in income tax laws and 
their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities on a 
quarterly basis. Revisions of our estimate of accrued income 
taxes also may result from our own income tax planning and 
from the resolution of income tax controversies. Such revisions 
in our estimates may be material to our operating results for any 
given quarter. 

See Note 22 (Income Taxes) to Financial Statements in this 

Report for a further description of our provision for income 
taxes and related income tax assets and liabilities. 

Liability for Contingent Litigation Losses 
The Company is involved in a number of judicial, regulatory, 
arbitration and other proceedings concerning matters arising 
from the conduct of its business activities, and many of those 
proceedings expose the Company to potential financial loss. We 
establish accruals for these legal actions when potential losses 
associated with the actions become probable and the costs can 
be reasonably estimated. For such accruals, we record the 
amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of 
potential losses that are both probable and estimable; however, 
if we cannot determine a best estimate, then we record the low 
end of the range of those potential losses. The actual costs of 
resolving legal actions may be substantially higher or lower than 
the amounts accrued for those actions. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

117 

Current Accounting Developments 

Table 61 lists the significant accounting updates applicable to us 
that have been issued by the FASB but are not yet effective. 

Table 61:  Current Accounting Developments – Issued Standards 

  

Standard 

Description 

Effective date and financial statement impact 

The guidance is effective on January 1, 2019. Early application is 
permitted in any interim period prior to the effective date. Application of 
the new guidance will result in an increase in retained earnings of 
approximately $400 million. 

We expect to adopt the guidance in first quarter 2019 using the modified 
retrospective method with a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained 
earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption. Our investment 
securities portfolio includes holdings of available-for-sale (AFS) and 
held-to-maturity (HTM) callable debt securities held at a premium. At 
adoption, the guidance is expected to result in a cumulative effect 
adjustment which will be primarily offset with a corresponding 
adjustment to other comprehensive income related to AFS securities. 
After adoption, the guidance will reduce interest income prior to the call 
date because the premium will be amortized over a shorter time period. 
Our implementation effort includes identifying the population of debt 
securities subject to the new guidance, which are primarily obligations of 
U.S. states and political subdivisions, and quantifying the expected 
impacts. The impact of the Update on our consolidated financial 
statements will be affected by our portfolio composition at the time of 
adoption, which may change between December 31, 2017, and the 
adoption date. 
We adopted the guidance in first quarter 2018 with retrospective 
application. We will change the presentation of our cash and cash 
equivalents on our consolidated statement of cash flows to include both 
cash and due from banks as well as interest-earning deposits with 
banks, which are inclusive of any restricted cash. We will make a 
corresponding change to our consolidated balance sheets. 

The guidance is effective in first quarter 2020 with a cumulative-effect 
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of 
adoption. While early adoption is permitted beginning in first quarter 
2019, we do not expect to elect that option. We are evaluating the 
impact of the Update on our consolidated financial statements. We 
expect the Update will result in an increase in the allowance for credit 
losses given the change to estimated losses over the contractual life 
adjusted for expected prepayments with an anticipated material impact 
from longer duration portfolios, as well as the addition of an allowance 
for debt securities. The amount of the increase will be impacted by the 
portfolio composition and credit quality at the adoption date as well as 
economic conditions and forecasts at that time. 

Accounting Standards 
Update (ASU or Update) 
2018-02 – Income 
Statement-Reporting 
Comprehensive Income 
(Topic 220): Reclassification 
of Certain Tax Effects from 
Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive Income 

ASU 2017-08 – Receivables 
– Nonrefundable Fees and 
Other Costs (Subtopic 
310-20): Premium 
Amortization on Purchased 
Callable Debt Securities 

Currently, the effect of remeasuring 
deferred tax assets and liabilities due to 
a change in tax laws or rates must be 
recognized in income from continuing 
operations in the reporting period that 
includes the enactment date. That 
guidance is applicable even in situations 
in which the related income tax effects 
were originally recognized in other 
comprehensive income. The Update 
permits a one-time reclassification from 
accumulated other comprehensive 
income to retained earnings for these 
stranded tax effects resulting from the 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
The Update changes the accounting for 
certain purchased callable debt 
securities held at a premium to shorten 
the amortization period for the premium 
to the earliest call date rather than to 
the maturity date. Accounting for 
purchased callable debt securities held 
at a discount does not change. The 
discount would continue to amortize to 
the maturity date. 

ASU 2016-18 – Statement of 
Cash Flows (Topic 230): 
Restricted Cash 

ASU 2016-13 – Financial 
Instruments – Credit Losses 
(Topic 326): Measurement of 
Credit Losses on Financial 
Instruments 

The Update requires that restricted cash 
and cash equivalents are included with 
the total cash and cash equivalents in 
the consolidated statement of cash 
flows. In addition, the nature of any 
restrictions will be disclosed in the 
footnotes to the financial statements. 

The Update changes the accounting for 
credit losses on loans and debt 
securities. For loans and held-to­
maturity debt securities, the Update 
requires a current expected credit loss 
(CECL) approach to determine the 
allowance for credit losses. CECL 
requires loss estimates for the remaining 
estimated life of the financial asset using 
historical experience, current conditions, 
and reasonable and supportable 
forecasts. Also, the Update eliminates 
the existing guidance for PCI loans, but 
requires an allowance for purchased 
financial assets with more than 
insignificant deterioration since 
origination. In addition, the Update 
modifies the other-than-temporary 
impairment model for available-for-sale 
debt securities to require an allowance 
for credit impairment instead of a direct 
write-down, which allows for reversal of 
credit impairments in future periods 
based on improvements in credit. 

118 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Standard 

Description 

Effective date and financial statement impact 

ASU 2016-04 – Liabilities – 
Extinguishments of Liabilities 
(Subtopic 405-20): 
Recognition of Breakage for 
Certain Prepaid Stored-Value 
Products 
ASU 2016-02 – Leases 
(Topic 842) 

We adopted the Update in first quarter 2018 with a cumulative-effect 
adjustment to opening retained earnings. The new guidance resulted in 
a reduction in the balance of the liability, with an increase to retained 
earnings given estimated breakage at the date of adoption of 
approximately $26 million. 

The Update modifies the accounting for 
certain prepaid card products to require 
the recognition of breakage. Breakage 
represents the estimated amount that 
will not be redeemed by the cardholder 
for goods or services. 
The Update requires lessees to recognize  We expect to adopt the guidance in first quarter 2019 using the modified 
leases on the balance sheet with lease 
liabilities and corresponding right-of-use 
assets based on the present value of 
lease payments. Lessor accounting 
activities are largely unchanged from 
existing lease accounting. The Update 
also eliminates leveraged lease 
accounting but allows existing leveraged 
leases to continue their current 
accounting until maturity, termination or 
modification. 

retrospective method and practical expedients for transition. The 
practical expedients allow us to largely account for our existing leases 
consistent with current guidance except for the incremental balance 
sheet recognition for lessees. We have started our implementation of the 
Update which has included an initial evaluation of our leasing contracts 
and activities. As a lessee we are developing our methodology to 
estimate the right-of use assets and lease liabilities, which is based on 
the present value of lease payments (the December 31, 2017, future 
minimum lease payments were $6.6 billion, as disclosed in Table 7.2 of 
Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets) in 
this Report). We do not expect a material change to the timing of 
expense recognition. Given the limited changes to lessor accounting, we 
do not expect material changes to recognition or measurement, but we 
continue to evaluate the guidance and application to our activities. We 
are evaluating our existing disclosures and will provide additional 
information as a result of adoption of the Update. 
We adopted the Update in first quarter 2018 and recorded a cumulative-
effect adjustment as of January 1, 2018 that increased retained 
earnings $106 million and decreased other comprehensive income 
$118 million. 

ASU 2016-01 – Financial 
Instruments – Overall 
(Subtopic 825-10): 
Recognition and 
Measurement of Financial 
Assets and Financial 
Liabilities 

The Update amends the presentation 
and accounting for certain financial 
instruments, including liabilities 
measured at fair value under the fair 
value option and equity investments. 
The guidance also updates fair value 
presentation and disclosure 
requirements for financial instruments 
measured at amortized cost. 

Our investments in marketable equity securities classified as 

available-for-sale as of the adoption date will be accounted for at fair 
value with unrealized gains or losses reflected in earnings. Additionally, 
our share of the unrealized gains or losses of marketable equity 
securities held by investees in our nonmarketable equity investments 
accounted for using the equity method will be reflected in earnings as of 
the adoption date. Previously, such unrealized gains or losses were 
reflected in other comprehensive income. Upon adoption, we recorded a 
transition adjustment to reclassify $118 million in net unrealized gains 
from other comprehensive income to retained earnings. 

The accounting for our investments in nonmarketable equity 

instruments accounted for under the cost method of accounting at the 
adoption date, except for Federal bank stock, will be measured either, at 
fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings, or the 
measurement alternative. The measurement alternative is similar to the 
cost method of accounting, except the carrying value is adjusted 
through earnings for subsequent observable transactions in the same or 
similar investment. We will account for substantially all of our private 
equity cost method investments using the measurement alternative and 
our auction rate securities portfolio will be accounted for at fair value 
with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. Upon adoption, 
we recorded a transition adjustment of $12 million to decrease retained 
earnings from our auction rates securities portfolio at fair value. No 
transition adjustment is recorded for those investments changing to the 
measurement alternative, which is applied prospectively. 

In connection with our adoption of this Update, we will present all 

holdings of marketable equity securities accounted for as available-for­
sale and as trading assets as well as nonmarketable equity investments 
in a new line on the balance sheet labeled “Equity investments.” We will 
also eliminate the “Trading assets” line on the balance sheet and present 
trading securities and trading loans in other line items consistent with 
their form. Additionally, for purposes of disclosing the fair value of loans 
carried at amortized cost, we will determine the fair value based on “exit 
price” as required by the Update. Accordingly, the fair value amounts 
disclosed for such loans will change upon adoption of the Update. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

119 

Current Accounting Developments (continued) 

Standard 

Description 

ASU 2014-09 – Revenue 
from Contracts With 
Customers (Topic 606) and 
subsequent related Updates 

The Update modifies the guidance used 
to recognize revenue from contracts with 
customers for transfers of goods or 
services and transfers of nonfinancial 
assets, unless those contracts are within 
the scope of other guidance. The Update 
also requires new qualitative and 
quantitative disclosures, including 
disaggregation of revenues and 
descriptions of performance obligations. 

In addition to the list above, the following Updates are 

applicable to us but are not expected to have a material impact 
on our consolidated financial statements: 
• 	

ASU 2017-11 – Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); 
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480); 
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting 
for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round 
Features, (Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral 
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of 
Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily 
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope 
Exception 
ASU 2017-09 – Compensation – Stock Compensation 
(Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting 
ASU 2017-07 – Compensation – Retirement Benefits (Topic 
715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension 
Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost 

• 	

• 	

Effective date and financial statement impact 
We adopted the Update in first quarter 2018, and recorded a 
cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings to
application of the new guidance effective January 1, 2018. Th
adjustment, which decreased retained earnings by $44 million
changes in the timing of revenue for corporate trust services t
provided over the life of the associated trust.

reflect 
is 
, is due to 
hat are 

principles 
with the 
dingly, we 
nue 

 Our accounting policies did not change materially since the 
of revenue recognition from the Update are largely consistent
prior guidance and practices applied by our businesses. Accor
do not have material changes to the timing or amount of reve
recognition. However, the presentation of some costs associated with the 
contracts of our broker-dealer and card businesses will change beginning 
in first quarter 2018. These presentation changes will reduce our 
revenue with a corresponding offset to reduce expenses. Based on 
results for 2017, we do not expect the impact of this prospective 
presentation change to be material to our total revenue and expenses.
   In Note 20 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers) to Financial 
Statements in this Report, we describe our key sources of revenue that 
are within the scope of the new guidance, and include qualitative 
disclosures to describe how revenue is recognized for the types of 
services performed. In first quarter 2018, we will provide additional 
disaggregation of specific categories of revenue, including service 
charges on deposit accounts, brokerage advisory, trust and investment 
management, and card fees. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

ASU 2017-04 – Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 
350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment 
ASU 2017-03 – Accounting Changes and Error Corrections 
(Topic 250) and Investments-Equity Method and Joint 
Ventures (Topic 323): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs 
Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the September 22, 
2016 and November 17, 2016 EITF Meetings (SEC Update) 
 
ASU 2017-01 – Business Combinations (Topic 805): 
Clarifying the Definition of a Business 
ASU 2016-16 – Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity 
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory 
 
ASU 2016-15 – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): 
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 

This document contains “forward-looking statements” within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
In addition, we may make forward-looking statements in our 
other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, and our 
management may make forward-looking statements orally to 
analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. 
Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as 
“anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks,” “believes,” “estimates,” 
“expects,” “target,” “projects,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “will,” 
“may,” “could,” “should,” “can” and similar references to future 
periods. In particular, forward-looking statements include, but 
are not limited to, statements we make about: (i) the future 
operating or financial performance of the Company, including 
our outlook for future growth; (ii) our noninterest expense and 
efficiency ratio; (iii) future credit quality and performance, 
including our expectations regarding future loan losses and 
allowance levels; (iv) the appropriateness of the allowance for 
credit losses; (v) our expectations regarding net interest income 
and net interest margin; (vi) loan growth or the reduction or 
mitigation of risk in our loan portfolios; (vii) future capital or 
liquidity levels or targets and our estimated Common Equity Tier 

1 ratio under Basel III capital standards; (viii) the performance 
of our mortgage business and any related exposures; (ix) the 
expected outcome and impact of legal, regulatory and legislative 
developments, as well as our expectations regarding compliance 
therewith; (x) future common stock dividends, common share 
repurchases and other uses of capital; (xi) our targeted range for 
return on assets and return on equity; (xii) the outcome of 
contingencies, such as legal proceedings; and (xiii) the 
Company’s plans, objectives and strategies. 

Forward-looking statements are not based on historical 

facts but instead represent our current expectations and 
assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other 
future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to 
the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and 
changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual 
results may differ materially from those contemplated by the 
forward-looking statements. We caution you, therefore, against 
relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are 
neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or 
assurances of future performance. While there is no assurance 
that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, 

120 

Wells Fargo & Company 

important factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include 
the following, without limitation: 
• 	

current and future economic and market conditions, 
including the effects of declines in housing prices, high 
unemployment rates, U.S. fiscal debt, budget and tax 
matters (including the impact of the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act), 
geopolitical matters, and the overall slowdown in global 
economic growth; 
our capital and liquidity requirements (including under 
regulatory capital standards, such as the Basel III capital 
standards) and our ability to generate capital internally or 
raise capital on favorable terms; 
financial services reform and other current, pending or 
future legislation or regulation that could have a negative 
effect on our revenue and businesses, including the Dodd-
Frank Act and other legislation and regulation relating to 
bank products and services; 
the extent of our success in our loan modification efforts, as 
well as the effects of regulatory requirements or guidance 
regarding loan modifications; 
the amount of mortgage loan repurchase demands that we 
receive and our ability to satisfy any such demands without 
having to repurchase loans related thereto or otherwise 
indemnify or reimburse third parties, and the credit quality 
of or losses on such repurchased mortgage loans; 
negative effects relating to our mortgage servicing and 
foreclosure practices, as well as changes in industry 
standards or practices, regulatory or judicial requirements, 
penalties or fines, increased servicing and other costs or 
obligations, including loan modification requirements, or 
delays or moratoriums on foreclosures; 
our ability to realize our efficiency ratio target as part of our 
expense management initiatives, including as a result of 
business and economic cyclicality, seasonality, changes in 
our business composition and operating environment, 
growth in our businesses and/or acquisitions, and 
unexpected expenses relating to, among other things, 
litigation and regulatory matters; 
the effect of the current low interest rate environment or 
changes in interest rates on our net interest income, net 
interest margin and our mortgage originations, mortgage 
servicing rights and mortgages held for sale; 
significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or 
financial markets, which could result in, among other 
things, reduced investor demand for mortgage loans, a 
reduction in the availability of funding or increased funding 
costs, and declines in asset values and/or recognition of 
other-than-temporary impairment on securities held in our 
investment securities portfolio; 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

Risk Factors 

An investment in the Company involves risk, including the 
possibility that the value of the investment could fall 
substantially and that dividends or other distributions on the 
investment could be reduced or eliminated. We discuss below 
risk factors that could adversely affect our financial results and 
condition, and the value of, and return on, an investment in the 
Company. 

 

the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment 
banking business and our fee income from our brokerage, 
asset and wealth management businesses; 
negative effects from the retail banking sales practices 
matter and from other instances where customers may have 
experienced financial harm, including on our legal, 
operational and compliance costs, our ability to engage in 
certain business activities or offer certain products or 
services, our ability to keep and attract customers, our 
ability to attract and retain qualified team members, and 
our reputation; 
reputational damage from negative publicity, protests, fines, 
penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory 
violations and legal actions; 
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems 
or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors or 
other service providers, including as a result of cyber 
attacks; 
the effect of changes in the level of checking or savings 
account deposits on our funding costs and net interest 
margin; 
fiscal and monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board; 
and 
the other risk factors and uncertainties described under 
“Risk Factors” in this Report. 

• 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

 

In addition to the above factors, we also caution that the 
amount and timing of any future common stock dividends or 
repurchases will depend on the earnings, cash requirements and 
financial condition of the Company, market conditions, capital 
requirements (including under Basel capital standards), 
common stock issuance requirements, applicable law and 
regulations (including federal securities laws and federal 
banking regulations), and other factors deemed relevant by the 
Company’s Board of Directors, and may be subject to regulatory 
approval or conditions. 

For more information about factors that could cause actual 

results to differ materially from our expectations, refer to our 
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including the discussion under “Risk Factors” in this Report, as 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available 
on its website at www.sec.gov. 

Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of 

the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause 
our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it 
is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no 
obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, 
whether as a result of new information, future developments or 
otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY, FINANCIAL 
MARKETS, INTEREST RATES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
As one of the largest lenders in the U.S. and a provider 
of financial products and services to consumers and 
businesses across the U.S. and internationally, our 
financial results have been, and will continue to be, 
materially affected by general economic conditions, 
particularly unemployment levels and home prices in 
the U.S., and a deterioration in economic conditions or 
in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 

 

 

 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

121 

Risk Factors (continued) 

our lending and other businesses and our financial 
results and condition.  We generate revenue from the 
interest and fees we charge on the loans and other products and 
services we sell, and a substantial amount of our revenue and 
earnings comes from the net interest income and fee income that 
we earn from our consumer and commercial lending and 
banking businesses, including our mortgage banking business 
where we currently are the largest mortgage originator in the 
U.S. These businesses have been, and will continue to be, 
materially affected by the state of the U.S. economy, particularly 
unemployment levels and home prices. Although the U.S. 
economy has continued to gradually improve from the depressed 
levels of 2008 and early 2009, economic growth has been slow 
and uneven. In addition, the negative effects and continued 
uncertainty stemming from U.S. fiscal and political matters, 
including concerns about deficit levels, taxes and U.S. debt 
ratings, have impacted and may continue to impact the 
continuing global economic recovery. Moreover, geopolitical 
matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, 
Britain’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, as well as 
continued concerns over commodity prices and global economic 
difficulties, may impact the stability of financial markets and the 
global economy. In particular, Britain’s vote to withdraw from 
the European Union could increase economic barriers between 
Britain and the European Union, limit our ability to conduct 
business in the European Union, impose additional costs on us, 
subject us to different laws, regulations and/or regulatory 
authorities, or adversely impact our business, financial results 
and operating model. A prolonged period of slow growth in the 
global economy, particularly in the U.S., or any deterioration in 
general economic conditions and/or the financial markets 
resulting from the above matters or any other events or factors 
that may disrupt or dampen the global economic recovery, could 
materially adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

A weakening in business or economic conditions, including 
higher unemployment levels or declines in home prices, can also 
adversely affect our borrowers’ ability to repay their loans, which 
can negatively impact our credit performance. If unemployment 
levels worsen or if home prices fall we would expect to incur 
elevated charge-offs and provision expense from increases in our 
allowance for credit losses. These conditions may adversely 
affect not only consumer loan performance but also commercial 
and CRE loans, especially for those business borrowers that rely 
on the health of industries that may experience deteriorating 
economic conditions. The ability of these and other borrowers to 
repay their loans may deteriorate, causing us, as one of the 
largest commercial and CRE lenders in the U.S., to incur 
significantly higher credit losses. In addition, weak or 
deteriorating economic conditions make it more challenging for 
us to increase our consumer and commercial loan portfolios by 
making loans to creditworthy borrowers at attractive yields. 
Furthermore, weak economic conditions, as well as competition 
and/or increases in interest rates, could soften demand for our 
loans resulting in our retaining a much higher amount of lower 
yielding liquid assets on our balance sheet. If economic 
conditions do not continue to improve or if the economy worsens 
and unemployment rises, which also would likely result in a 
decrease in consumer and business confidence and spending, the 
demand for our credit products, including our mortgages, may 
fall, reducing our interest and noninterest income and our 
earnings. 

A deterioration in business and economic conditions, which 

may erode consumer and investor confidence levels, and/or 
increased volatility of financial markets, also could adversely 
affect financial results for our fee-based businesses, including 

our investment advisory, mutual fund, securities brokerage, 
wealth management, and investment banking businesses. In 
2017, approximately 25% of our revenue was fee income, which 
included trust and investment fees, card fees and other fees. We 
earn fee income from managing assets for others and providing 
brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth 
management services. Because investment management fees are 
often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in 
the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. 
Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity 
of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from 
our brokerage business. The U.S. stock market experienced all-
time highs in 2017, but also experienced significant volatility and 
there is no guarantee that high price levels will continue. Poor 
economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets 
also can negatively affect our debt and equity underwriting and 
advisory businesses, as well as our trading and venture capital 
businesses. Any deterioration in global financial markets and 
economies, including as a result of any international political 
unrest or disturbances, may adversely affect the revenues and 
earnings of our international operations, particularly our global 
financial institution and correspondent banking services. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

  

Asset/Liability Management” and “– Credit Risk Management” 
sections in this Report. 
 
Changes in interest rates and financial market values 
could reduce our net interest income and earnings, as 
well as our other comprehensive income, including as a 
result of recognizing losses or OTTI on the securities 
that we hold in our portfolio or trade for our 
customers.  Our net interest income is the interest we earn on 
loans, debt securities and other assets we hold less 
the interest we pay on our deposits, long-term and short-term 
debt, and other liabilities. Net interest income is a measure of 
both our net interest margin – the difference between the yield 
we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits 
and our other sources of funding – and the amount of earning 
assets we hold. Changes in either our net interest margin or the 
amount or mix of earning assets we hold could affect our net 
interest income and our earnings. Changes in interest rates can 
affect our net interest margin. Although the yield we earn on our 
assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction 
in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster 
than the other, causing our net interest margin to expand or 
contract. If our funding costs rise faster than the yield we earn 
on our assets or if the yield we earn on our assets falls faster than 
our funding costs, our net interest margin could contract. 

The amount and type of earning assets we hold can affect 

our yield and net interest margin. We hold earning assets in the 
form of loans and investment securities, among other assets. As 
noted above, if the economy worsens we may see lower demand 
for loans by creditworthy customers, reducing our net interest 
income and yield. In addition, our net interest income and net 
interest margin can be negatively affected by a prolonged low 
interest rate environment, which is currently being experienced 
as a result of economic conditions and FRB monetary policies, as 
it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and securities on 
our balance sheet, particularly if we are unable to replace the 
maturing higher yielding assets with similar higher yielding 
assets. Increases in interest rates, however, may negatively affect 
loan demand and could result in higher credit losses as 
borrowers may have more difficulty making higher interest 
payments. As described below, changes in interest rates also 
affect our mortgage business, including the value of our MSRs. 

122 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Changes in the slope of the “yield curve” – or the spread 
between short-term and long-term interest rates – could also 
reduce our net interest margin. Normally, the yield curve is 
upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long­
term rates. When the yield curve flattens, or even inverts, our net 
interest margin could decrease if the cost of our short-term 
funding increases relative to the yield we can earn on our long­
term assets. 

The interest we earn on our loans may be tied to U.S.­

denominated interest rates such as the federal funds rate while 
the interest we pay on our debt may be based on international 
rates such as LIBOR. If the federal funds rate were to fall without 
a corresponding decrease in LIBOR, we might earn less on our 
loans without any offsetting decrease in our funding costs. This 
could lower our net interest margin and our net interest income. 
In addition, our floating rate funding, certain hedging 
transactions, and certain of the products that we offer, such as 
floating rate loans and derivatives in connection with customer 
accommodation activities, reference a benchmark rate, such as 
LIBOR, or other financial metric in order to determine the 
applicable interest rate or payment amount. In the event any 
such benchmark rate or other referenced financial metric is 
significantly changed, replaced or discontinued (for example, if 
LIBOR is discontinued), there may be uncertainty or differences 
in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment 
amount depending on the terms of the governing instrument 
and there may be significant work required to transition to using 
any new benchmark rate or other financial metric. This could 
result in different financial performance for previously booked 
transactions, require different hedging strategies, or require 
renegotiation of previously booked transactions, and may impact 
our existing transaction data, products, systems, operations and 
pricing processes. 

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on 

our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on 
assumptions about the direction, magnitude and speed of 
interest rate changes and the slope of the yield curve. We hedge 
some of that interest rate risk with interest rate derivatives. We 
also rely on the “natural hedge” that our mortgage loan 
originations and servicing rights can provide. 

We generally do not hedge all of our interest rate risk. There 
is always the risk that changes in interest rates, credit spreads or 
option volatility could reduce our net interest income and 
earnings, as well as our other comprehensive income, in material 
amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially 
different than what we assumed. For example, if interest rates 
rise or fall faster than we assumed or the slope of the yield curve 
changes, we may incur significant losses on debt securities we 
hold as investments. To reduce our interest rate risk, we may 
rebalance our investment and loan portfolios, refinance our debt 
and take other strategic actions. We may incur losses when we 
take such actions. 

We hold securities in our investment securities portfolio, 

including U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities and federal 
agency MBS, securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions, 
residential and commercial MBS, corporate debt securities, 
other asset-backed securities and marketable equity securities, 
including securities relating to our venture capital activities. We 
analyze securities held in our investment securities portfolio for 
OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. The process for determining 
whether impairment is other than temporary usually requires 
difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial 
performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the 
security in order to assess the probability of receiving 
contractual principal and interest payments on the security. 

Because of changing economic and market conditions, as well as 
credit ratings, affecting issuers and the performance of the 
underlying collateral, we may be required to recognize OTTI in 
future periods. In particular, economic difficulties in the oil and 
gas industry resulting from prolonged low oil prices may further 
impact our energy sector investments and require us to 
recognize OTTI in these investments in future periods. 
Furthermore, the value of the securities we hold in our 
investment securities portfolio can fluctuate due to changes in 
interest rates and other factors. For example, the value of our 
investments in asset-backed securities can fluctuate due to 
changes in interest rates, credit spreads, and prepayment rates, 
as well as defaults by the borrowers on the underlying exposures. 
The value of our investments in municipal bonds may decline if 
tax reform, including lower income tax rates, affects the 
attractiveness of investing in such types of securities. Our net 
income also is exposed to changes in interest rates, credit 
spreads, foreign exchange rates, and equity and commodity 
prices in connection with our trading activities, which are 
conducted primarily to accommodate the investment and risk 
management activities of our customers, as well as when we 
execute economic hedging to manage certain balance sheet risks. 
The securities held in these activities are carried at fair value 
with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in 
noninterest income. As part of our business to support our 
customers, we trade public securities and these securities also 
are subject to market fluctuations with gains and losses 
recognized in net income when realized and periodically include 
OTTI charges. In addition, although high market volatility can 
increase our exposure to trading-related losses, periods of low 
volatility may have an adverse effect on our businesses as a 
result of reduced customer activity levels. Although we have 
processes in place to measure and monitor the risks associated 
with our trading activities, including stress testing and hedging 
strategies, there can be no assurance that our processes and 
strategies will be effective in avoiding losses that could have a 
material adverse effect on our financial results. 

The value of our public and private equity investments can 
fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Certain of these investments 
are carried under the cost or equity method, while others are 
carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in 
earnings. Earnings from our equity investments may be volatile 
and hard to predict, and may have a significant effect on our 
earnings from period to period. When, and if, we recognize gains 
may depend on a number of factors, including general economic 
and market conditions, the prospects of the companies in which 
we invest, when a company goes public, the size of our position 
relative to the public float, and whether we are subject to any 
resale restrictions. 

Our venture capital investments could result in significant 

OTTI losses for those investments carried under the cost or 
equity method. Our assessment for OTTI is based on a number 
of factors, including the then current market value of each 
investment compared with its carrying value. If we determine 
there is OTTI for an investment, we write-down the carrying 
value of the investment, resulting in a charge to earnings. The 
amount of this charge could be significant. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Asset/Liability Management – Interest Rate Risk”, “– Mortgage 
Banking Interest Rate and Market Risk”, “– Market Risk – 
Trading Activities”, and “– Market Risk – Equity Investments” 
and the “Balance Sheet Analysis – Investment Securities” 
sections in this Report and Note 5 (Investment Securities) to 
Financial Statements in this Report. 
 

Wells Fargo & Company 

123 

Risk Factors (continued) 

Effective liquidity management, which ensures that we 
can meet customer loan requests, customer deposit 
maturities/withdrawals and other cash commitments, 
including principal and interest payments on our debt, 
efficiently under both normal operating conditions and 
other unpredictable circumstances of industry or 
financial market stress, is essential for the operation of 
our business, and our financial results and condition 
could be materially adversely affected if we do not 
effectively manage our liquidity.  Our liquidity is essential 
for the operation of our business. We primarily rely on bank 
deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the 
loans we make and the operation of our business. Customer 
deposits, which include noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-
bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and 
other savings, and certain foreign deposits, have historically 
provided us with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low-
cost funds. In addition to customer deposits, our sources of 
liquidity include investments in our securities portfolio, our 
ability to sell or securitize loans in secondary markets and to 
pledge loans to access secured borrowing facilities through the 
FHLB and the FRB, and our ability to raise funds in domestic 
and international money through capital markets. 

  

Our liquidity and our ability to fund and run our business 
could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions 
and factors, including financial and credit market disruption and 
volatility or a lack of market or customer confidence in financial 
markets in general similar to what occurred during the financial 
crisis in 2008 and early 2009, which may result in a loss of 
customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or our 
inability to access capital markets on favorable terms. Market 
disruption and volatility could impact our credit spreads, which 
are the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury 
securities, or other benchmark securities, of the same maturity 
that we need to pay to our funding providers. Increases in 
interest rates and our credit spreads could significantly increase 
our funding costs. Other conditions and factors that could 
materially adversely affect our liquidity and funding include a 
lack of market or customer confidence in the Company or 
negative news about the Company or the financial services 
industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits 
and/or negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets; 
our inability to sell or securitize loans or other assets; and, as 
described below, reductions in one or more of our credit ratings. 
Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by 
events over which we have little or no control. While market 
conditions have continued to improve since the financial crisis, 
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and 
volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. For 
example, concerns over geopolitical issues, commodity and 
currency prices, as well as global economic conditions, may 
cause financial market volatility. 

In addition, concerns regarding U.S. government debt levels 

and any associated downgrade of U.S. government debt ratings 
may cause uncertainty and volatility as well. A downgrade of the 
sovereign debt ratings of the U.S. government or the debt ratings 
of related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities, as well as 
other fiscal or political events could, in addition to causing 
economic and financial market disruptions, materially adversely 
affect the market value of the U.S. government securities that we 
hold, the availability of those securities as collateral for 
borrowing, and our ability to access capital markets on favorable 
terms, as well as have other material adverse effects on the 
operation of our business and our financial results and 
condition. 

As noted above, we rely heavily on bank deposits for our 

funding and liquidity. We compete with banks and other 
financial services companies for deposits. If our competitors 
raise the rates they pay on deposits our funding costs may 
increase, either because we raise our rates to avoid losing 
deposits or because we lose deposits and must rely on more 
expensive sources of funding. Higher funding costs reduce our 
net interest margin and net interest income. Checking and 
savings account balances and other forms of customer deposits 
may decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, 
such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return 
tradeoff. When customers move money out of bank deposits and 
into other investments, we may lose a relatively low cost source 
of funds, increasing our funding costs and negatively affecting 
our liquidity. 

If we are unable to continue to fund our assets through 

customer bank deposits or access capital markets on favorable 
terms or if we suffer an increase in our borrowing costs or 
otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively (including on 
an intraday basis), our liquidity, net interest margin, financial 
results and condition may be materially adversely affected. As we 
did during the financial crisis, we may also need, or be required 
by our regulators, to raise additional capital through the 
issuance of common stock, which could dilute the ownership of 
existing stockholders, or reduce or even eliminate our common 
stock dividend to preserve capital or in order to raise additional 
 
capital. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Asset/Liability Management” section in this Report. 

 

  

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could have a 
material adverse effect on our liquidity, cash flows, 
financial results and condition.  Our borrowing costs and 
ability to obtain funding are influenced by our credit ratings. 
Reductions in one or more of our credit ratings could adversely 
affect our ability to borrow funds and raise the costs of our 
borrowings substantially and could cause creditors and business 
counterparties to raise collateral requirements or take other 
actions that could adversely affect our ability to raise funding. 
Credit ratings and credit ratings agencies’ outlooks are based on 
the ratings agencies’ analysis of many quantitative and 
qualitative factors, such as our capital adequacy, liquidity, asset 
quality, business mix, the level and quality of our earnings, 
rating agency assumptions regarding the probability and extent 
of federal financial assistance or support, and other rating 
agency specific criteria. In addition to credit ratings, our 
borrowing costs are affected by various other external factors, 
including market volatility and concerns or perceptions about 
the financial services industry generally. There can be no 
assurance that we will maintain our credit ratings and outlooks 
and that credit ratings downgrades in the future would not 
materially affect our ability to borrow funds and borrowing 
costs. 

Downgrades in our credit ratings also may trigger additional 

collateral or funding obligations which could negatively affect 
our liquidity, including as a result of credit-related contingent 
features in certain of our derivative contracts. Although a one or 
two notch downgrade in our current credit ratings would not be 
expected to trigger a material increase in our collateral or 
funding obligations, a more severe credit rating downgrade of 
our long-term and short-term credit ratings could increase our 
collateral or funding obligations and the effect on our liquidity 
could be material. 

For information on our credit ratings, see the “Risk 

Management – Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity and 

124 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Funding – Credit Ratings” section and for information regarding 
additional collateral and funding obligations required of certain 
derivative instruments in the event our credit ratings were to fall 
below investment grade, see Note 16 (Derivatives) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for 
liquidity, and federal and state law, as well as certain 
contractual arrangements, can limit those 
dividends. Wells Fargo & Company, the parent holding 
company (the “Parent”), is a separate and distinct legal entity 
from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its funding 
and liquidity from dividends and other distributions from its 
subsidiaries. We generally use these dividends and distributions, 
among other things, to pay dividends on our common and 
preferred stock and interest and principal on our debt. Federal 
and state laws limit the amount of dividends and distributions 
that our bank and some of our nonbank subsidiaries, including 
our broker-dealer subsidiaries, may pay to the Parent. In 
addition, under a Support Agreement (the “Support Agreement”) 
dated June 28, 2017 among the Parent, WFC Holdings, LLC, an 
intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the Parent (the 
“IHC”), and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, 
LLC, and Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, each an indirect 
subsidiary of the Parent, the IHC may be restricted from making 
dividend payments to the Parent if certain liquidity and/or 
capital metrics fall below defined triggers. Also, our right to 
participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s 
liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the 
subsidiary’s creditors. 

For more information, refer to the “Regulation and 

Supervision – Dividend Restrictions” and “– Holding Company 
Structure” sections in our 2017 Form 10-K and to Note 3 (Cash, 
Loan and Dividend Restrictions) and Note 27 (Regulatory and 
Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 
 
RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL REGULATORY 
REFORM AND OTHER LEGISLATION AND 
REGULATIONS 

Enacted legislation and regulation, including the Dodd-
Frank Act, as well as future legislation and/or 
regulation, could require us to change certain of our 
business practices, reduce our revenue and earnings, 
impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely 
affect our business operations and/or competitive 
position.  Our parent company, our subsidiary banks and many 
of our nonbank subsidiaries such as those related to our 
brokerage and mutual fund businesses, are subject to significant 
and extensive regulation under state and federal laws in the U.S., 
as well as the applicable laws of the various jurisdictions outside 
of the U.S. where we conduct business. These regulations protect 
depositors, federal deposit insurance funds, consumers, 
investors, team members, and the banking and financial system 
as a whole, not necessarily our security holders. Economic, 
market and political conditions during the past few years have 
led to a significant amount of legislation and regulation in the 
U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services industry, as well 
as heightened expectations and scrutiny of financial services 
companies from banking regulators. These laws and regulations 
may affect the manner in which we do business and the products 
and services that we provide, affect or restrict our ability to 
compete in our current businesses or our ability to enter into or 
acquire new businesses, reduce or limit our revenue in 

businesses or impose additional fees, assessments or taxes on us, 
intensify the regulatory supervision of us and the financial 
services industry, and adversely affect our business operations or 
have other negative consequences. In addition, greater 
government oversight and scrutiny of financial services 
companies has increased our operational and compliance costs 
as we must continue to devote substantial resources to 
enhancing our procedures and controls and meeting heightened 
regulatory standards and expectations. Any failure to meet 
regulatory requirements, standards or expectations could result 
in fees, penalties, restrictions on our ability to engage in certain 
business activities, or other adverse consequences. 

On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act, the most significant 

financial reform legislation since the 1930s, became law. The 
Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, imposes significant 
requirements and restrictions impacting the financial services 
industry. The Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future 
rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those 
rules, could result in a loss of revenue, require us to change 
certain of our business practices, limit our ability to pursue 
certain business opportunities, increase our capital requirements 
and impose additional assessments and costs on us and 
otherwise adversely affect our business operations and have 
other negative consequences. 

Our consumer businesses, including our mortgage, 

automobile, credit card and other consumer lending and non-
lending businesses, are subject to numerous and, in many cases, 
highly complex consumer protection laws and regulations, as 
well as enhanced regulatory scrutiny and more and expanded 
regulatory examinations and/or investigations. In particular, we 
may be negatively affected by the activities of the Consumer 
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which has broad 
rulemaking powers and supervisory authority over consumer 
financial products and services. Although the full impact of the 
CFPB on our businesses is uncertain, the CFPB’s activities may 
increase our compliance costs and require changes in our 
business practices as a result of new regulations and 
requirements which could limit or negatively affect the products 
and services that we currently offer our customers. For example, 
the CFPB has issued a number of rules impacting residential 
mortgage lending practices and prepaid cards. If we fail to meet 
enhanced regulatory requirements and expectations with respect 
to our consumer businesses, we may be subject to increased 
costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on our business activities 
including the products and services we can provide, and/or harm 
to our reputation. 

The Dodd-Frank Act’s proposed prohibitions or limitations 

on proprietary trading and private fund investment activities, 
known as the “Volcker Rule,” also may reduce our revenue. Final 
rules to implement the requirements of the Volcker Rule were 
issued in December 2013. Wells Fargo is also subject to 
enhanced compliance program requirements. 

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act established a 

comprehensive framework for regulating over-the-counter 
derivatives and authorized the CFTC and SEC to regulate swaps 
and security-based swaps, respectively. The CFTC has adopted 
rules applicable to our provisionally registered swap dealer, 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., that require, among other things, 
extensive regulatory and public reporting of swaps, central 
clearing and trading of swaps on exchanges or other multilateral 
platforms, and compliance with comprehensive internal and 
external business conduct standards. The SEC is expected to 
implement parallel rules applicable to security-based swaps. In 
addition, federal regulators have adopted final rules establishing 
margin requirements for swaps and security-based swaps not 

Wells Fargo & Company 

125 

Risk Factors (continued) 

centrally cleared. All of these new rules, as well as others being 
considered by regulators in other jurisdictions, may negatively 
impact customer demand for over-the-counter derivatives and 
may increase our costs for engaging in swaps and other 
derivatives activities. 

The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes changes on the ABS 

markets by requiring sponsors of certain ABS to hold at least a 
5% ownership stake in the ABS. Federal regulatory agencies have 
issued final rules to implement this credit risk retention 
requirement, which included an exemption for, among other 
things, GSE mortgage backed securities. The final rules may 
impact our ability to issue certain ABS or otherwise participate 
in various securitization transactions. 

Through a Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF), the FDIC insures 

the deposits of our banks up to prescribed limits for each 
depositor and funds the DIF through assessments on member 
insured depository institutions. In March 2016, the FDIC issued 
a final rule, which became effective on July 1, 2016, that imposes 
on insured depository institutions with $10 billion or more in 
assets, such as Wells Fargo, a surcharge of 4.5 cents per $100 of 
their assessment base, after making certain adjustments. The 
surcharge is in addition to the base assessments we pay and 
could significantly increase the overall amount of our deposit 
insurance assessments. The FDIC expects the surcharge to be in 
effect for approximately two years; however, if the DIF reserve 
ratio does not reach 1.35% by December 31, 2018, the final rule 
provides that the FDIC will impose a shortfall assessment on any 
bank that was subject to the surcharge. 

We are also subject to various rules and regulations related 
to the prevention of financial crimes and combating terrorism, 
including the U.S. Patriot Act of 2001. These rules and 
regulations require us to, among other things, implement 
policies and procedures related to anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery and corruption, fraud, compliance, suspicious activities, 
currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers. 
Although we have policies and procedures designed to comply 
with these rules and regulations, to the extent they are not fully 
effective or do not meet heightened regulatory standards or 
expectations, we may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions 
on certain activities, reputational harm, or other adverse 
consequences. 

Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations 
enacted by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental 
authorities relating to the privacy of the information of 
customers, team members and others. These laws and 
regulations, among other things, increase our compliance 
obligations; have a significant impact on our businesses’ 
collection, processing, sharing, use, and retention of personal 
data and reporting of data breaches; and provide for significantly 
increased penalties for non-compliance. 

In April 2016, the U.S. Department of Labor adopted a rule 

under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
(ERISA) that, among other changes and subject to certain 
exceptions, as of the applicability date of June 9, 2017, makes 
anyone, including broker-dealers, providing investment advice 
to retirement investors a fiduciary who must act in the best 
interest of clients when providing investment advice for direct or 
indirect compensation to a retirement plan, to a plan fiduciary, 
participant or beneficiary, or to an investment retirement 
account (IRA) or IRA holder. The rule impacts the manner in 
which business is conducted with retirement investors and 
affects product offerings with respect to retirement plans and 
IRAs. 

On November 18, 2016, the OCC revoked provisions of 
certain consent orders that provided Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

relief from specific requirements and limitations regarding rules, 
policies, and procedures for corporate activities; OCC approval 
of changes in directors and senior executive officers; and golden 
parachute payments. As a result, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is no 
longer eligible for expedited treatment for certain applications; 
is now required to provide prior written notice to the OCC of a 
change in directors and senior executive officers; and is now 
subject to certain regulatory limitations on golden parachute 
payments. 

In March 2017, we announced that the OCC had 

downgraded our most recent Community Reinvestment Act 
(CRA) rating, which covers the years 2009-2012, to “Needs to 
Improve” due to previously issued regulatory consent orders. A 
“Needs to Improve” rating imposes regulatory restrictions and 
limitations on certain of the Company’s nonbank activities, 
including its ability to engage in certain nonbank mergers and 
acquisitions or undertake new financial in nature activities, and 
CRA performance is taken into account by regulators in 
reviewing applications to establish bank branches and for 
approving proposed bank mergers and acquisitions. The rating 
also results in the loss of expedited processing of applications to 
undertake certain activities, and requires the Company to receive 
prior regulatory approval for certain activities, including to issue 
or prepay certain subordinated debt obligations, open or relocate 
bank branches, or make certain public welfare investments. In 
addition, a “Needs to Improve” rating could have an impact on 
the Company’s relationships with certain states, counties, 
municipalities or other public agencies to the extent applicable 
law, regulation or policy limits, restricts or influences whether 
such entity may do business with a company that has a below 
“Satisfactory” rating. 

On February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent 
order with the FRB, which requires the Company to submit to 
the FRB within 60 days of the date of the consent order plans to 
further enhance the Board's governance oversight and the 
Company’s compliance and operational risk management. The 
consent order also requires third-party reviews related to the 
adoption and implementation of such plans by September 30, 
2018. Until these third-party reviews are complete and the plans 
are approved and implemented to the satisfaction of the FRB, 
the Company’s total consolidated assets will be limited to the 
level as of December 31, 2017, which could adversely affect our 
results of operations or financial condition. Compliance with this 
asset cap will be measured on a two-quarter daily average basis 
to allow for management of temporary fluctuations. Once the 
asset cap limitation is removed, a second third-party review 
must be conducted to assess the efficacy and sustainability of the 
improvements. The Company may be subject to further actions, 
including the imposition of consent orders or similar regulatory 
agreements or civil money penalties, by other federal regulators 
regarding similar issues, including the Company’s risk 
management policies and procedures. 

Other future regulatory initiatives that could significantly 

affect our business include proposals to reform the housing 
finance market in the United States. These proposals, among 
other things, consider winding down the GSEs and reducing or 
eliminating over time the role of the GSEs in guaranteeing 
mortgages and providing funding for mortgage loans, as well as 
the implementation of reforms relating to borrowers, lenders, 
and investors in the mortgage market, including reducing the 
maximum size of a loan that the GSEs can guarantee, phasing in 
a minimum down payment requirement for borrowers, 
improving underwriting standards, and increasing 
accountability and transparency in the securitization process. 
Congress also may consider the adoption of legislation to reform 

126 

Wells Fargo & Company 

the mortgage financing market in an effort to assist borrowers 
experiencing difficulty in making mortgage payments or 
refinancing their mortgages. The extent and timing of any 
regulatory reform or the adoption of any legislation regarding 
the GSEs and/or the home mortgage market, as well as any 
effect on the Company’s business and financial results, are 
uncertain. 

Any other future legislation and/or regulation, if adopted, 
also could significantly change our regulatory environment and 
increase our cost of doing business, limit the activities we may 
pursue or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings 
associations, credit unions, and other financial services 
companies, and have a material adverse effect on our financial 
results and condition. 

For more information, refer to the “Regulatory Matters” 
section in this Report and the “Regulation and Supervision” 
section in our 2017 Form 10-K. 

We could be subject to more stringent capital, leverage 
or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, 
activities or operations if regulators determine that our 
resolution or recovery plan is deficient.  Pursuant to rules 
adopted by the FRB and the FDIC, Wells Fargo has prepared and 
filed a resolution plan, a so-called “living will,” that is designed 
to facilitate our resolution in the event of material distress or 
failure. There can be no assurance that the FRB or FDIC will 
respond favorably to the Company’s resolution plans. If the FRB 
or FDIC determines that our resolution plan has deficiencies, 
they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity 
requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or 
operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the 
FRB or FDIC ultimately determines that we have been unable to 
remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain 
assets or operations. 

We must also prepare and submit to the FRB a recovery 
plan that identifies a range of options that we may consider 
during times of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to 
remedy any financial weaknesses and restore market confidence 
without extraordinary government support. Recovery options 
include the possible sale, transfer or disposal of assets, 
securities, loan portfolios or businesses. Our insured national 
bank subsidiary, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”), must also 
prepare and submit to the OCC a recovery plan that sets forth 
the Bank’s plan to remain a going concern when the Bank is 
experiencing considerable financial or operational stress, but has 
not yet deteriorated to the point where liquidation or resolution 
is imminent. If the FRB or the OCC determines that our recovery 
plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on our 
business or ultimately require us to divest assets. 

Our security holders may suffer losses in a resolution 
of Wells Fargo, whether in a bankruptcy proceeding or 
under the orderly liquidation authority of the FDIC, 
even if creditors of our subsidiaries are paid in full.  If 
Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy 
proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution 
regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the “orderly 
liquidation authority.” The orderly liquidation authority allows 
for the appointment of the FDIC as receiver for a systemically 
important financial institution that is in default or in danger of 
default if, among other things, the resolution of the institution 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would have serious adverse 
effects on financial stability in the United States. If the FDIC is 
appointed as receiver for Wells Fargo & Company (the “Parent”), 
then the orderly liquidation authority, rather than the U.S. 

Bankruptcy Code, would determine the powers of the receiver 
and the rights and obligations of our security holders. The 
FDIC’s orderly liquidation authority requires that security 
holders of a company in receivership bear all losses before U.S. 
taxpayers are exposed to any losses, and allows the FDIC to 
disregard the strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code in certain circumstances. 

Whether under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC 
under the orderly liquidation authority, Wells Fargo could be 
resolved using a “multiple point of entry” strategy, in which the 
Parent and one or more of its subsidiaries would each undergo 
separate resolution proceedings, or a “single point of entry” 
strategy, in which the Parent would likely be the only material 
legal entity to enter resolution proceedings. The FDIC has 
announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a 
desirable strategy under its implementation of the orderly 
liquidation authority, but not all aspects of how the FDIC might 
exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is 
possible. 

The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan 
submission is a multiple point of entry strategy; however, we 
have made a decision to move to a single point of entry strategy 
for our next resolution plan submission. We are not obligated to 
maintain either a single point of entry or multiple point of entry 
strategy, and the strategies reflected in our resolution plan 
submissions are not binding in the event of an actual resolution 
of Wells Fargo, whether conducted under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code or by the FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority. 

To facilitate the orderly resolution of systemically important 

financial institutions in case of material distress or failure, 
federal banking regulations require that institutions, such as 
Wells Fargo, maintain a minimum amount of equity and 
unsecured debt to absorb losses and recapitalize operating 
subsidiaries. Federal banking regulators have also required 
measures to facilitate the continued operation of operating 
subsidiaries notwithstanding the failure of their parent 
companies, such as limitations on parent guarantees, and have 
issued guidance encouraging institutions to take legally binding 
measures to provide capital and liquidity resources to certain 
subsidiaries in order to facilitate an orderly resolution. In 
response to the regulators’ guidance and to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of the Company using either a single point of entry or 
multiple point of entry resolution strategy, on June 28, 2017, the 
Parent entered into the Support Agreement with WFC Holdings, 
LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary of the 
Parent (the “IHC”), and the Bank, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
(“WFS”), and Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (“WFCS”), 
each an indirect subsidiary of the Parent. Pursuant to the 
Support Agreement, the Parent transferred a significant amount 
of its assets, including the majority of its cash, deposits, liquid 
securities and intercompany loans (but excluding its equity 
interests in its subsidiaries and certain other assets), to the IHC 
and will continue to transfer those types of assets to the IHC 
from time to time. In the event of our material financial distress 
or failure, the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets 
to provide capital and/or liquidity to the Bank pursuant to the 
Support Agreement and to WFS and WFCS through repurchase 
facilities entered into in connection with the Support Agreement. 
Under the Support Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding 
and liquidity to the Parent through subordinated notes and a 
committed line of credit, which, together with the issuance of 
dividends, is expected to provide the Parent, during business as 
usual operating conditions, with the same access to cash 
necessary to service its debts, pay dividends, repurchase its 
shares, and perform its other obligations as it would have had if 

Wells Fargo & Company 

127 

Risk Factors (continued) 

it had not entered into these arrangements and transferred any 
assets. If certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below 
defined triggers, the subordinated notes would be forgiven and 
the committed line of credit would terminate, which could 
materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its 
ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could result 
in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the Parent 
at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if the 
Support Agreement were not implemented. The Parent's and the 
IHC's respective obligations under the Support Agreement are 
secured pursuant to a related security agreement. 

Any resolution of the Company will likely impose losses on 
shareholders, unsecured debt holders and other creditors of the 
Parent, while the Parent’s subsidiaries may continue to operate. 
Creditors of some or all of our subsidiaries may receive 
significant or full recoveries on their claims, while the Parent’s 
security holders could face significant or complete losses. This 
outcome may arise whether the Company is resolved under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the FDIC under the orderly 
liquidation authority, and whether the resolution is conducted 
using a multiple point of entry or a single point of entry strategy. 
Furthermore, in a multiple point of entry or single point of entry 
strategy, losses at some or all of our subsidiaries could be 
transferred to the Parent and borne by the Parent’s security 
holders. Moreover, if either resolution strategy proved to be 
unsuccessful, our security holders could face greater losses than 
if the strategy had not been implemented. 

 

Bank regulations, including Basel capital and liquidity 
standards and FRB guidelines and rules, may require 
higher capital and liquidity levels, limiting our ability to 
pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common 
stock, invest in our business, or provide loans or other 
products and services to our customers.  The Company 
and each of our insured depository institutions are subject to 
various regulatory capital adequacy requirements administered 
by federal banking regulators. In particular, the Company is 
subject to final and interim final rules issued by federal banking 
regulators to implement Basel III capital requirements for U.S. 
banking organizations. These rules are based on international 
guidelines for determining regulatory capital issued by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS). The federal banking 
regulators’ capital rules, among other things, require on a fully 
phased-in basis: 
• 	

a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 9.0%, 
comprised of a 4.5% minimum requirement plus a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5% and for us, as a global 
systemically important bank (G-SIB), a capital surcharge to 
be calculated annually, which is 2.0% based on our year-end 
2016 data; 
a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 10.5%, comprised of a 6.0% 
minimum requirement plus the capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5% and the G-SIB capital surcharge of 2.0%; 
a minimum total capital ratio of 12.5%, comprised of a 8.0% 
minimum requirement plus the capital conservation buffer 
of 2.5% and the G-SIB capital surcharge of 2.0%; 
a potential countercyclical buffer of up to 2.5% to be added 
to the minimum capital ratios, which is currently not in 
effect but could be imposed by regulators at their discretion 
if it is determined that a period of excessive credit growth is 
contributing to an increase in systemic risk; 
a minimum tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%; and 
a minimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 5.0% 
(comprised of a 3.0% minimum requirement plus a 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	
• 	

supplementary leverage buffer of 2.0%) for large and 
internationally active bank holding companies (BHCs). 

 

We were required to comply with the final Basel III capital 
rules beginning January 2014, with certain provisions subject to 
phase-in periods. The Basel III capital rules are scheduled to be 
fully phased in by the end of 2021. 

Because the Company has been designated as a G-SIB, we 

will also be subject to the FRB’s rule implementing the 
additional capital surcharge of between 1.0-4.5% on G-SIBs. 
Under the rule, we must annually calculate our surcharge under 
two prescribed methods and use the higher of the two 
surcharges. The G-SIB surcharge will be phased in beginning on 
January 1, 2016 and become fully effective on January 1, 2019. 
Based on year-end 2016 data, our 2018 G-SIB surcharge is 2.0% 
of the Company’s RWAs. However, because the G-SIB surcharge 
is calculated annually based on data that can differ over time, the 
amount of the surcharge is subject to change in future periods. 

In April 2014, federal banking regulators finalized a rule 

that enhances the SLR requirements for BHCs, like Wells Fargo, 
and their insured depository institutions. The SLR consists of 
tier 1 capital under Basel III divided by the Company’s total 
leverage exposure. Total leverage exposure consists of the total 
average on-balance sheet assets, plus off-balance sheet 
exposures, such as undrawn commitments and derivative 
exposures, less amounts permitted to be deducted from tier 1 
capital. The rule, which became effective on January 1, 2018, 
requires a covered BHC to maintain a SLR of at least 5.0% 
(comprised of the 3.0% minimum requirement plus a 
supplementary leverage buffer of 2.0%) to avoid restrictions on 
capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The rule 
also requires that all of our insured depository institutions 
maintain a SLR of 6.0% under applicable regulatory capital 
adequacy guidelines. 

In December 2016, the FRB finalized rules to address the 
amount of equity and unsecured long-term debt a U.S. G-SIB 
must hold to improve its resolvability and resiliency, often 
referred to as Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC). Under the 
rules, which become effective on January 1, 2019, U.S. G-SIBs 
will be required to have a minimum TLAC amount (consisting of 
CET1 capital and additional tier 1 capital issued directly by the 
top-tier or covered BHC plus eligible external long-term debt) 
equal to the greater of (i) 18% of RWAs and (ii) 7.5% of total 
leverage exposure (the denominator of the SLR calculation). 
Additionally, U.S. G-SIBs will be required to maintain (i) a TLAC 
buffer equal to 2.5% of RWAs plus the firm’s applicable G-SIB 
capital surcharge calculated under method one of the G-SIB 
calculation plus any applicable countercyclical buffer that will be 
added to the 18% minimum and (ii) an external TLAC leverage 
buffer equal to 2.0% of total leverage exposure that will be added 
to the 7.5% minimum, in order to avoid restrictions on capital 
distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The rules will 
also require U.S. G-SIBs to have a minimum amount of eligible 
unsecured long-term debt equal to the greater of (i) 6.0% of 
RWAs plus the firm’s applicable G-SIB capital surcharge 
calculated under method two of the G-SIB calculation and 
(ii) 4.5% of the total leverage exposure. In addition, the rules will 
impose certain restrictions on the operations and liabilities of 
the top-tier or covered BHC in order to further facilitate an 
orderly resolution, including prohibitions on the issuance of 
short-term debt to external investors and on entering into 
derivatives and certain other types of financial contracts with 
external counterparties. While the rules permit permanent 
grandfathering of a significant portion of otherwise ineligible 
long-term debt that was issued prior to December 31, 2016, long-

128 

Wells Fargo & Company 

term debt issued after that date must be fully compliant with the 
eligibility requirements of the rules in order to count toward the 
minimum TLAC amount. As a result of the rules, we will need to 
issue additional long-term debt to remain compliant with the 
requirements. 

In September 2014, federal banking regulators issued a final 

rule that implements a quantitative liquidity requirement 
consistent with the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) established by 
the BCBS. The rule requires banking institutions, such as 
Wells Fargo, to hold high-quality liquid assets, such as central 
bank reserves and government and corporate debt that can be 
converted easily and quickly into cash, in an amount equal to or 
greater than its projected net cash outflows during a 30-day 
stress period. The FRB also finalized rules imposing enhanced 
liquidity management standards on large BHCs such as Wells 
Fargo, and has finalized a rule that requires large bank holding 
companies to publicly disclose on a quarterly basis certain 
quantitative and qualitative information regarding their LCR 
calculations. 

As part of its obligation to impose enhanced capital and 

risk-management standards on large financial firms pursuant to 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the FRB issued a final capital plan rule that 
requires large BHCs, including the Company, to submit annual 
capital plans for review and to obtain regulatory approval before 
making capital distributions. There can be no assurance that the 
FRB would respond favorably to the Company’s future capital 
plans. The FRB has also finalized a number of regulations 
implementing enhanced prudential requirements for large BHCs 
like Wells Fargo regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk 
and liquidity management, and imposing debt-to-equity limits 
on any BHC that regulators determine poses a grave threat to the 
financial stability of the United States. The FRB and OCC have 
also finalized rules implementing stress testing requirements for 
large BHCs and national banks. The FRB has also re-proposed, 
but not yet finalized, additional enhanced prudential standards 
that would implement single counterparty credit limits and 
establish remediation requirements for large BHCs experiencing 
financial distress. The OCC, under separate authority, has also 
established heightened governance and risk management 
standards for large national banks, such as Wells Fargo 
Bank, N.A. 

The Basel standards and federal regulatory capital and 

liquidity requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we 
utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock 
repurchases, and may require us to increase our capital and/or 
liquidity. Any requirement that we increase our regulatory 
capital, regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, including as a result 
of business growth, acquisitions or a change in our risk profile, 
could require us to liquidate assets or otherwise change our 
business, product offerings and/or investment plans, which may 
negatively affect our financial results. Although not currently 
anticipated, proposed capital requirements and/or our 
regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the 
future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute the 
ownership of existing stockholders. In addition, federal banking 
regulations may increase our compliance costs as well as limit 
our ability to invest in our business or provide loans or other 
products and services to our customers. 

For more information, refer to the “Capital Management” 

and “Regulatory Matters” sections in this Report and the 
“Regulation and Supervision” section of our 2017 Form 10-K. 

 

FRB policies, including policies on interest rates, can 
significantly affect business and economic conditions 
and our financial results and condition.  The FRB 

regulates the supply of money in the United States. Its policies 
determine in large part our cost of funds for lending and 
investing and the return we earn on those loans and 
investments, both of which affect our net interest income and 
net interest margin. The FRB’s interest rate policies also can 
materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, such 
as debt securities and MSRs. In addition, its policies can affect 
our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail 
to repay their loans. Changes in FRB policies are beyond our 
control and can be hard to predict. The FRB recently increased 
the target range for the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to a 
target range of 125 to 150 basis points. The FRB has stated that 
in determining the timing and size of any future adjustments to 
the target range for the federal funds rate, the FRB will assess 
realized and expected economic conditions relative to its 
objectives of maximum employment and 2% inflation. As noted 
above, a declining or low interest rate environment and a 
flattening yield curve which may result from the FRB’s actions 
could negatively affect our net interest income and net interest 
margin as it may result in us holding lower yielding loans and 
investment securities on our balance sheet. 

 

CREDIT RISK 

 

 

 

 

As one of the largest lenders in the U.S., increased 
credit risk, including as a result of a deterioration in 
 
economic conditions, could require us to increase our 
provision for credit losses and allowance for credit 
losses and could have a material adverse effect on our 
results of operations and financial condition.  When we 
loan money or commit to loan money we incur credit risk, or the 
risk of losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans. As one of 
the largest lenders in the U.S., the credit performance of our loan 
portfolios significantly affects our financial results and 
condition. As noted above, if the current economic environment 
were to deteriorate, more of our customers may have difficulty in 
repaying their loans or other obligations which could result in a 
higher level of credit losses and provision for credit losses. We 
reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a 
charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our 
assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio 
(including unfunded credit commitments). The process for 
determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our 
financial results and condition. It requires difficult, subjective 
and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of 
economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of 
our borrowers to repay their loans. We might increase the 
allowance because of changing economic conditions, including 
falling home prices and higher unemployment, significant loan 
growth, or other factors. Additionally, the regulatory 
environment or external factors, such as natural disasters, also 
can influence recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios 
and impact our allowance for credit losses. 

Our provision for credit losses was $400 million less than 
net charge-offs in 2017 and $250 million more than net charge-
offs in 2016, which had a positive effect on our earnings in 2017 
but a negative effect in 2016. Future allowance levels may 
increase or decrease based on a variety of factors, including loan 
growth, portfolio performance and general economic conditions. 
While we believe that our allowance for credit losses was 
appropriate at December 31, 2017, there is no assurance that it 
will be sufficient to cover future credit losses, especially if 
housing and employment conditions worsen. In the event of 
significant deterioration in economic conditions or if we 

Wells Fargo & Company 

129 

Risk Factors (continued) 

experience significant loan growth, we may be required to build 
reserves in future periods, which would reduce our earnings. 
For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 
Credit Risk Management” and “Critical Accounting Policies – 
Allowance for Credit Losses” sections in this Report. 

We may have more credit risk and higher credit losses 
to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, 
industry segment, borrower type, or location of the 
borrower or collateral.  Our credit risk and credit losses can 
increase if our loans are concentrated to borrowers engaged in 
the same or similar activities or to borrowers who individually or 
as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by 
economic or market conditions. Similarly, challenging economic 
or market conditions affecting a particular industry or geography 
may also impact related or dependent industries or the ability of 
borrowers living in such affected areas or working in such 
industries to meet their financial obligations. We experienced 
the effect of concentration risk in 2009 and 2010 when we 
incurred greater than expected losses in our residential real 
estate loan portfolio due to a housing slowdown and greater than 
expected deterioration in residential real estate values in many 
markets, including the Central Valley California market and 
several Southern California metropolitan statistical areas. As 
California is our largest banking state in terms of loans and 
deposits, deterioration in real estate values and underlying 
economic conditions in those markets or elsewhere in California 
could result in materially higher credit losses. In addition, 
deterioration in macro-economic conditions generally across the 
country could result in materially higher credit losses, including 
for our residential real estate loan portfolio, which includes 
nonconforming mortgage loans we retain on our balance sheet. 
We may experience higher delinquencies and higher loss rates as 
our consumer real estate secured lines of credit reach their 
contractual end of draw period and begin to amortize. 
Additionally, we may experience higher delinquencies and 
higher loss rates as borrowers in our consumer Pick-a-Pay 
portfolio reach their recast trigger, particularly if interest rates 
increase significantly which may cause more borrowers to 
experience a payment increase of more than 7.5% upon recast. 
We are currently one of the largest CRE lenders in the U.S. 

A deterioration in economic conditions that negatively affects 
the business performance of our CRE borrowers, including 
increases in interest rates and/or declines in commercial 
property values, could result in materially higher credit losses 
and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and 
condition. 

Challenges and/or changes in foreign economic conditions 
may increase our foreign credit risk. Our foreign loan exposure 
represented approximately 7% of our total consolidated 
outstanding loans and 4% of our total assets at December 31, 
2017. Economic difficulties in foreign jurisdictions could also 
indirectly have a material adverse effect on our credit 
performance and results of operations and financial condition to 
the extent they negatively affect the U.S. economy and/or our 
borrowers who have foreign operations. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Credit Risk Management” section and Note 6 (Loans and 
Allowance for Credit Losses) to Financial Statements in this 
Report. 

 

We may incur losses on loans, securities and other 
acquired assets of Wachovia that are materially greater 
than reflected in our fair value adjustments.  We 
accounted for the Wachovia merger under the purchase method 

of accounting, recording the acquired assets and liabilities of 
Wachovia at fair value. All PCI loans acquired in the merger were 
recorded at fair value based on the present value of their 
expected cash flows. We estimated cash flows using internal 
credit, interest rate and prepayment risk models using 
assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. We 
may not realize the estimated cash flows or fair value of these 
loans. In addition, although the difference between the pre­
merger carrying value of the credit-impaired loans and their 
expected cash flows – the “nonaccretable difference” – is 
available to absorb future charge-offs, we may be required to 
increase our allowance for credit losses and related provision 
expense because of subsequent additional credit deterioration in 
these loans. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Credit Risk Management” section in this Report. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR MORTGAGE BUSINESS 

Our mortgage banking revenue can be volatile from 
quarter to quarter, including from the impact of 
changes in interest rates on our origination activity and 
on the value of our MSRs, MHFS and associated 
economic hedges, and we rely on the GSEs to purchase 
our conforming loans to reduce our credit risk and 
provide liquidity to fund new mortgage loans.  We were 
the largest mortgage originator and residential mortgage 
servicer in the U.S. as of December 31, 2017, and we earn 
revenue from fees we receive for originating mortgage loans and 
for servicing mortgage loans. As a result of our mortgage 
servicing business, we have a sizeable portfolio of MSRs. An 
MSR is the right to service a mortgage loan – collect principal, 
interest and escrow amounts – for a fee. We acquire MSRs when 
we retain the servicing rights after we sell or securitize the loans 
we have originated or when we purchase the servicing rights to 
mortgage loans originated by other lenders. We initially measure 
and carry all our residential MSRs using the fair value 
measurement method. Fair value is the present value of 
estimated future net servicing income, calculated based on a 
number of variables, including assumptions about the likelihood 
of prepayment by borrowers. Changes in interest rates can affect 
prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. When interest 
rates fall, borrowers are usually more likely to prepay their 
mortgage loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. As the 
likelihood of prepayment increases, the fair value of our MSRs 
can decrease. Each quarter we evaluate the fair value of our 
MSRs, and any decrease in fair value reduces earnings in the 
period in which the decrease occurs. We also measure at fair 
value MHFS for which an active secondary market and readily 
available market prices exist. In addition, we measure at fair 
value certain other interests we hold related to residential loan 
sales and securitizations. Similar to other interest-bearing 
securities, the value of these MHFS and other interests may be 
negatively affected by changes in interest rates. For example, if 
market interest rates increase relative to the yield on these 
MHFS and other interests, their fair value may fall. 

When rates rise, the demand for mortgage loans usually 

tends to fall, reducing the revenue we receive from loan 
originations. Under the same conditions, revenue from our 
MSRs can increase through increases in fair value. When rates 
fall, mortgage originations usually tend to increase and the value 
of our MSRs usually tends to decline, also with some offsetting 
revenue effect. Even though they can act as a “natural hedge,” 
the hedge is not perfect, either in amount or timing. For 
example, the negative effect on revenue from a decrease in the 

130 

Wells Fargo & Company 

fair value of residential MSRs is generally immediate, but any 
offsetting revenue benefit from more originations and the MSRs 
relating to the new loans would generally accrue over time. It is 
also possible that, because of economic conditions and/or a weak 
or deteriorating housing market, even if interest rates were to 
fall or remain low, mortgage originations may also fall or any 
increase in mortgage originations may not be enough to offset 
the decrease in the MSRs value caused by the lower rates. 

We typically use derivatives and other instruments to hedge 
our mortgage banking interest rate risk. We may not hedge all of 
our risk, and we may not be successful in hedging any of the risk. 
Hedging is a complex process, requiring sophisticated models 
and constant monitoring, and is not a perfect science. We may 
use hedging instruments tied to U.S. Treasury rates, LIBOR or 
Eurodollars that may not perfectly correlate with the value or 
income being hedged. We could incur significant losses from our 
hedging activities. There may be periods where we elect not to 
use derivatives and other instruments to hedge mortgage 
banking interest rate risk. 

We rely on GSEs to purchase mortgage loans that meet their 

conforming loan requirements and on the Federal Housing 
Authority (FHA) to insure loans that meet their policy 
requirements. These loans are then securitized into either GSE 
or GNMA securities that are sold to investors. In order to meet 
customer needs, we also originate loans that do not conform to 
either GSE or FHA standards, which are referred to as 
“nonconforming” loans. We generally retain these 
nonconforming loans on our balance sheet. When we retain a 
loan on our balance sheet not only do we forgo fee revenue and 
keep the credit risk of the loan but we also do not receive any 
sale proceeds that could be used to generate new loans. If we 
were unable or unwilling to continue retaining nonconforming 
loans on our balance sheet, whether due to regulatory, business 
or other reasons, our ability to originate new nonconforming 
loans may be reduced, thereby reducing the interest income we 
earn from originating these loans. Similarly, if the GSEs or the 
FHA were to limit or reduce their purchases or insuring of loans, 
our ability to fund, and thus originate new mortgage loans, could 
also be reduced. We cannot assure that the GSEs or the FHA will 
not materially limit their purchases or insuring of conforming 
loans or change their criteria for what constitutes a conforming 
loan (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). Each 
of the GSEs is currently in conservatorship, with its primary 
regulator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting as 
conservator. We cannot predict if, when or how the 
conservatorship will end, or any associated changes to the GSEs 
business structure and operations that could result. As noted 
above, there are various proposals to reform the housing finance 
market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the housing 
finance market. The impact of any such regulatory reform 
regarding the housing finance market and the GSEs, including 
whether the GSEs will continue to exist in their current form, as 
well as any effect on the Company’s business and financial 
results, are uncertain. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Asset/Liability Management – Mortgage Banking Interest Rate 
and Market Risk” and “Critical Accounting Policies” sections in 
this Report. 

 

We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or 
reimburse investors and others as a result of breaches 
in contractual representations and warranties, and we 
may incur other losses as a result of real or alleged 
violations of statutes or regulations applicable to the 
origination of our residential mortgage loans.  The 

  

origination of residential mortgage loans is governed by a variety 
of federal and state laws and regulations, including the Truth in 
Lending Act of 1968 and various anti-fraud and consumer 
protection statutes, which are complex and frequently changing. 
We often sell residential mortgage loans that we originate to 
various parties, including GSEs, SPEs that issue private label 
MBS, and other financial institutions that purchase mortgage 
loans for investment or private label securitization. We may also 
pool FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage loans which 
back securities guaranteed by GNMA. The agreements under 
which we sell mortgage loans and the insurance or guaranty 
agreements with the FHA and VA contain various 
representations and warranties regarding the origination and 
characteristics of the mortgage loans. We may be required to 
repurchase mortgage loans, indemnify the securitization trust, 
investor or insurer, or reimburse the securitization trust, 
investor or insurer for credit losses incurred on loans in the 
event of a breach of contractual representations or warranties 
that is not remedied within a period (usually 90 days or less) 
after we receive notice of the breach. We establish a mortgage 
repurchase liability related to the various representations and 
warranties that reflect management’s estimate of losses for loans 
which we have a repurchase obligation. Our mortgage 
repurchase liability represents management’s best estimate of 
the probable loss that we may expect to incur for the 
representations and warranties in the contractual provisions of 
our sales of mortgage loans. Because the level of mortgage loan 
repurchase losses depends upon economic factors, investor 
demand strategies and other external conditions that may 
change over the life of the underlying loans, the level of the 
liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is difficult to 
estimate and requires considerable management judgment. As a 
result of the uncertainty in the various estimates underlying the 
mortgage repurchase liability, there is a range of losses in excess 
of the recorded mortgage repurchase liability that are reasonably 
possible. The estimate of the range of possible loss for 
representations and warranties does not represent a probable 
loss, and is based on currently available information, significant 
judgment, and a number of assumptions that are subject to 
change. If economic conditions or the housing market worsen or 
future investor repurchase demand and our success at appealing 
repurchase requests differ from past experience, we could have 
increased repurchase obligations and increased loss severity on 
repurchases, requiring significant additions to the repurchase 
liability. 

Additionally, for residential mortgage loans that we 

originate, borrowers may allege that the origination of the loans 
did not comply with applicable laws or regulations in one or 
more respects and assert such violation as an affirmative defense 
to payment or to the exercise by us of our remedies, including 
foreclosure proceedings, or in an action seeking statutory and 
other damages in connection with such violation. If we are not 
successful in demonstrating that the loans in dispute were 
originated in accordance with applicable statutes and 
regulations, we could become subject to monetary damages and 
other civil penalties, including the loss of certain contractual 
payments or the inability to exercise certain remedies under the 
loans. 

For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Credit Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan 
Repurchase Losses” section in this Report. 

 

We may be terminated as a servicer or master servicer, 
be required to repurchase a mortgage loan or 
reimburse investors for credit losses on a mortgage 

Wells Fargo & Company 

131 

Risk Factors (continued) 

 

loan, or incur costs, liabilities, fines and other 
sanctions if we fail to satisfy our servicing obligations, 
including our obligations with respect to mortgage loan 
  
foreclosure actions and servicing flood zone properties. 
We act as servicer and/or master servicer for mortgage loans 
included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans 
owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those 
loans we have certain contractual obligations to the 
securitization trusts, investors or other third parties, including, 
in our capacity as a servicer, foreclosing on defaulted mortgage 
loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable 
securitization or other investor agreement, considering 
alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short 
sales and, in our capacity as a master servicer, overseeing the 
servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. In addition, we may 
have certain servicing obligations for properties that fall within a 
flood zone. If we commit a material breach of our obligations as 
servicer or master servicer, we may be subject to termination if 
the breach is not cured within a specified period of time 
following notice, which can generally be given by the 
securitization trustee or a specified percentage of security 
holders, causing us to lose servicing income. In addition, we may 
be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses 
from any failure by us, as a servicer or master servicer, to 
perform our servicing obligations or any act or omission on our 
part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross 
negligence. Furthermore, if any of the companies that insure the 
mortgage loans in our servicing portfolio experience financial 
difficulties or credit downgrades, we may incur additional costs 
to obtain replacement insurance coverage with another provider, 
possibly at a higher cost than the coverage we would replace. For 
certain investors and/or certain transactions, we may be 
contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or 
reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a 
remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. If we have 
increased repurchase obligations because of claims that we did 
not satisfy our obligations as a servicer or master servicer, or 
increased loss severity on such repurchases, we may have a 
significant reduction to net servicing income within mortgage 
banking noninterest income. 

We may incur costs if we are required to, or if we elect to, 

re-execute or re-file documents or take other action in our 
capacity as a servicer in connection with pending or completed 
foreclosures. We may incur litigation costs if the validity of a 
foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower. If a court were to 
overturn a foreclosure because of errors or deficiencies in the 
foreclosure process, we may have liability to the borrower and/ 
or to any title insurer of the property sold in foreclosure if the 
required process was not followed. We may also incur costs if we 
are unable to meet certain foreclosure timelines as prescribed by 
GSE or other government servicing guidelines. These costs and 
liabilities may not be legally or otherwise reimbursable to us, 
particularly to the extent they relate to securitized mortgage 
loans. In addition, if certain documents required for a 
foreclosure action are missing or defective, we could be obligated 
to cure the defect or repurchase the loan. We may incur liability 
to securitization investors relating to delays or deficiencies in our 
processing of mortgage assignments or other documents 
necessary to comply with state law governing foreclosures. The 
fair value of our MSRs may be negatively affected to the extent 
our servicing costs increase because of higher foreclosure or 
other servicing related costs. We may be subject to fines and 
other sanctions imposed by federal or state regulators as a result 
of actual or perceived deficiencies in our mortgage servicing 
practices, including with respect to our foreclosure practices or 

our servicing of flood zone properties. Any of these actions may 
harm our reputation, negatively affect our residential mortgage 
origination or servicing business, or result in material fines, 
penalties, equitable remedies, or other enforcement actions. 
For more information, refer to the “Risk Management – 

Credit Risk Management – Liability for Mortgage Loan 
Repurchase Losses” and “– Risks Relating to Servicing 
Activities,” and “Critical Accounting Policies – Valuation of 
Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights” sections and Note 14 
(Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other 
Commitments) and Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

OPERATIONAL AND LEGAL RISK 

 

A failure in or breach of our operational or security 
systems, controls or infrastructure, or those of our 
third party vendors and other service providers, 
including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our 
businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of 
confidential or proprietary information, damage our 
reputation, increase our costs and cause losses.  As a 
large financial institution that serves over 70 million customers 
through more than 8,300 locations, 13,000 ATMs, the internet, 
mobile banking and other distribution channels across the U.S. 
and internationally, we depend on our ability to process, record 
and monitor a large number of customer transactions on a 
continuous basis. As our customer base and locations have 
expanded throughout the U.S. and internationally, and as 
customer, public, legislative and regulatory expectations 
regarding operational and information security have increased, 
our operational systems, controls and infrastructure must 
continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, 
disruptions and breakdowns. Our business, financial, 
accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems 
and facilities may stop operating properly, become insufficient 
based on our evolving business needs, or become disabled or 
damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that 
are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there 
could be sudden increases in customer transaction volume; 
electrical or telecommunications outages; degradation or loss of 
internet or website availability; climate change related impacts 
and natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornados, and 
hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or 
larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; 
and, as described below, cyber attacks. Furthermore, 
enhancements and upgrades to our infrastructure or operating 
systems may be time-consuming, entail significant costs, and 
create risks associated with implementing new systems and 
integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and 
interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our 
infrastructure and operating systems, including their security 
measures, can itself create a risk of system disruptions and 
security issues. Although we have business continuity plans and 
other safeguards in place, our business operations may be 
adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to 
our physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our 
businesses and customers. 

Information security risks for large financial institutions 

such as Wells Fargo have generally increased in recent years in 
part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of 
the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct 
financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and 
activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, and 
other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. 

132 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Those parties also may attempt to misrepresent personal or 
financial information to obtain loans or other financial products 
from us or attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, 
or other users of our systems to disclose confidential information 
in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers. As 
noted above, our operations rely on the secure processing, 
transmission and storage of confidential information in our 
computer systems and networks. Our banking, brokerage, 
investment advisory, and capital markets businesses rely on our 
digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, 
hardware, and networks to conduct their operations. In addition, 
to access our products and services, our customers may use 
personal smartphones, tablet PC’s, and other mobile devices that 
are beyond our control systems. Although we believe we have 
robust information security procedures and controls, our 
technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’ devices may 
become the target of cyber attacks or information security 
breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, 
monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of Wells Fargo’s or our 
customers’ confidential, proprietary and other information, or 
otherwise disrupt Wells Fargo’s or its customers’ or other third 
parties’ business operations. For example, various retailers have 
reported they were victims of cyber attacks in which large 
amounts of their customers’ data, including debit and credit card 
information, was obtained. In these situations, we generally 
incur costs to replace compromised cards and address 
fraudulent transaction activity affecting our customers. 

Third parties with which we do business or that facilitate 
our business activities, including exchanges, clearing houses, 
financial intermediaries or vendors that provide services or 
security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of 
operational risk and information security risk to us, including 
from cyber attacks, information breaches or loss, breakdowns, 
disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or 
any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. 
Furthermore, as a result of financial institutions and technology 
systems becoming more interconnected and complex, any 
operational or information security incident at a third party may 
increase the risk of loss or material impact to us or the financial 
industry as a whole. Moreover, because we rely on third parties 
to provide services to us and facilitate certain of our business 
activities, we face increased operational risk. If third parties we 
rely on do not adequately or appropriately provide their services 
or perform their responsibilities, or we do not effectively manage 
or oversee these third party relationships, we may suffer 
material harm, including business disruptions, losses or costs to 
remediate any of the deficiencies, reputational damage, legal or 
regulatory proceedings, or other adverse consequences. 

To date we have not experienced any material losses relating 
to cyber attacks or other information security breaches, but there 
can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the 
future. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains 
heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature 
of these threats, the prominent size and scale of Wells Fargo and 
its role in the financial services industry, our plans to continue to 
implement our internet banking and mobile banking channel 
strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions 
to serve our customers when and how they want to be served, 
our expanded geographic footprint and international presence, 
the outsourcing of some of our business operations, and the 
current global economic and political environment. For example, 
Wells Fargo and other financial institutions continue to be the 
target of various evolving and adaptive cyber attacks, including 
malware and denial-of-service, as part of an effort to disrupt the 
operations of financial institutions, potentially test their 

cybersecurity capabilities, or obtain confidential, proprietary or 
other information. Cyber attacks have also focused on targeting 
the infrastructure of the internet, causing the widespread 
unavailability of websites and degrading website performance. 
As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and 
enhancement of our controls, processes and systems designed to 
protect our networks, computers, software and data from attack, 
damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for Wells 
Fargo. We are also proactively involved in industry cybersecurity 
efforts and working with other parties, including our third-party 
service providers and governmental agencies, to continue to 
enhance defenses and improve resiliency to cybersecurity 
threats. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required 
to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify 
or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and 
remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. 

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure, 

controls or operating systems that support our businesses and 
customers, cyber attacks on us or third parties with which we do 
business or that facilitate our business activities, or security 
breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers 
use to access our products and services could result in customer 
attrition, financial losses, the inability of our customers to 
transact business with us, violations of applicable privacy and 
other laws, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, litigation 
exposure, reputational damage, reimbursement or other 
compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of 
which could materially adversely affect our results of operations 
or financial condition. 

Our framework for managing risks may not be fully 
effective in mitigating risk and loss to us.  Our risk 
management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to us. We 
have established processes and procedures intended to identify, 
measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which 
we are subject, including liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk, 
interest rate risk, operational risk, legal and compliance risk, and 
reputational risk, among others. However, as with any risk 
management framework, there are inherent limitations to our 
risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the 
future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated, 
identified or managed. Our risk management framework is also 
dependent on ensuring that effective operational controls and a 
sound culture exist throughout the Company. The inability to 
develop effective operational controls or to foster the 
appropriate culture in each of our lines of business could 
adversely impact the effectiveness of our risk management 
framework. Similarly, if we are unable to effectively manage our 
business or operations, we may be exposed to increased risks or 
unexpected losses. We are also exposed to risks if we do not 
accurately or completely execute a process or transaction, 
whether due to human error or otherwise. In certain instances, 
we rely on models to measure, monitor and predict risks, such as 
market and interest rate risks, as well as to help inform business 
decisions; however, there is no assurance that these models will 
appropriately capture all relevant risks or accurately predict 
future events or exposures. In addition, we rely on data to 
aggregate and assess our various risk exposures and business 
activities, and any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our 
data aggregation and validation procedures could result in 
ineffective risk management practices or business decisions or 
inaccurate regulatory or other risk reporting. The recent 
financial and credit crisis and resulting regulatory reform 
highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of 
managing unanticipated risks, and our regulators remain 

Wells Fargo & Company 

133 

Risk Factors (continued) 

focused on ensuring that financial institutions build and 
maintain robust risk management policies and practices. If our 
risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer 
unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our 
results of operations or financial condition. 

Risks related to sales practices and other instances 
  
where customers may have experienced financial harm. 
Various government entities and offices have undertaken formal 
or informal inquiries, investigations or examinations arising out 
of certain sales practices of the Company that were the subject of 
settlements with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the 
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of the 
Los Angeles City Attorney announced by the Company on 
September 8, 2016. In addition to imposing monetary penalties 
and other sanctions, regulatory authorities may require 
admissions of wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions 
in connection with such matters, which can lead to restrictions 
on our ability to engage in certain business activities or offer 
certain products or services, limitations on our ability to access 
capital markets, limitations on capital distributions, the loss of 
customers, and/or other direct and indirect adverse 
consequences. A number of lawsuits have also been filed by 
non-governmental parties seeking damages or other remedies 
related to these sales practices. The ultimate resolution of any of 
these pending legal proceedings or government investigations, 
depending on the sanctions and remedy sought and granted, 
could materially adversely affect our results of operations and 
financial condition. We may also incur additional costs and 
expenses in order to address and defend these pending legal 
proceedings and government investigations, and we may have 
increased compliance and other costs related to these matters. 
Furthermore, negative publicity or public opinion resulting from 
these matters may increase the risk of reputational harm to our 
business, which can impact our ability to keep and attract 
customers, affect our ability to attract and retain qualified team 
members, result in the loss of revenue, or have other material 
adverse effects on our results of operations and financial 
condition. In addition, the ultimate results and conclusions of 
our company-wide review of sales practices issues are still 
pending and could lead to an increase in the identified number 
of potentially impacted customers, additional legal or regulatory 
proceedings, compliance and other costs, reputational damage, 
the identification of issues in our practices or methodologies that 
were used to identify, prevent or remediate sales practices 
related matters, the loss of additional team members, or further 
changes in policies and procedures that may impact our 
business. 

Furthermore, our priority of rebuilding trust has included 

an ongoing effort to identify other areas or instances where 
customers may have experienced financial harm. For example, 
as we centralize operations in our automobile lending business 
and tighten controls and oversight of third-party risk 
management, we have identified certain issues related to 
historical practices concerning the origination, servicing, and/or 
collection of consumer automobile loans, including related 
insurance products. The identification of such other areas or 
instances where customers may have experienced financial harm 
could lead to, and in some cases has already resulted in, 
additional remediation costs, loss of revenue or customers, legal 
or regulatory proceedings, compliance and other costs, 
reputational damage, or other adverse consequences. 

For more information, refer to the “Overview – Sales 

Practices Matters” and “– Additional Efforts to Rebuild Trust” 

sections and Note 15 (Legal Actions) to Financial Statements in 
this Report. 

 

We may incur fines, penalties and other negative 
consequences from regulatory violations, possibly even 
inadvertent or unintentional violations, or from any 
 
failure to meet regulatory standards or expectations. 
We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we 
comply with applicable laws and regulations. However, we are 
subject to heightened compliance and regulatory oversight and 
expectations, particularly due to the evolving and increasing 
regulatory landscape we operate in. In addition, a single event or 
issue may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations 
and proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in 
the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental 
entities in different jurisdictions. Also, the laws and regulations 
in jurisdictions in which we operate may be different or even 
conflict with each other, such as differences between U.S. federal 
and state law or differences between U.S. and foreign laws as to 
the products and services we may offer or other business 
activities we may engage in, which can lead to compliance 
difficulties or issues. Furthermore, many legal and regulatory 
regimes require us to report transactions and other information 
to regulators and other governmental authorities, self-regulatory 
organizations, exchanges, clearing houses and customers. We 
are also required to withhold funds and make various tax-related 
payments, relating to our own tax obligations and those of our 
customers. We may be subject to fines, penalties, restrictions on 
our business, or other negative consequences if we do not timely, 
completely, or accurately provide regulatory reports, customer 
notices or disclosures, or make tax-related withholdings or 
payments, on behalf of ourselves or our customers. Moreover, 
some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of 
fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the 
noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even 
though there was in place at the time systems and procedures 
designed to ensure compliance. For example, we are subject to 
regulations issued by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) that prohibit financial institutions from participating in 
the transfer of property belonging to the governments of certain 
foreign countries and designated nationals of those countries. 
OFAC may impose penalties or restrictions on certain activities 
for inadvertent or unintentional violations even if reasonable 
processes are in place to prevent the violations. Any violation of 
these or other applicable laws or regulatory requirements, even if 
inadvertent or unintentional, or any failure to meet regulatory 
standards or expectations could result in fees, penalties, 
restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities, 
reputational harm, loss of customers or other negative 
consequences. 

Negative publicity, including as a result of our actual or 
alleged conduct or public opinion of the financial 
services industry generally, could damage our 
reputation and business.  Reputation risk, or the risk to our 
business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is 
inherent in our business and has increased substantially because 
of the financial crisis, our size and profile in the financial 
services industry, and sales practices related matters and other 
instances where customers may have experienced financial 
harm. The reputation of the financial services industry in general 
has been damaged as a result of the financial crisis and other 
matters affecting the financial services industry, and negative 
public opinion about the financial services industry generally or 
Wells Fargo specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep 

134 

Wells Fargo & Company 

and attract customers. Negative public opinion could result from 
our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, 
including sales practices; mortgage, automobile or other 
consumer lending practices; servicing and foreclosure activities; 
management of client accounts or investments; lending, 
investing or other business relationships; corporate governance; 
regulatory compliance; risk management; and disclosure, 
sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and 
from actions taken by government regulators and community or 
other organizations in response to that conduct. Although we 
have policies and procedures in place intended to detect and 
prevent conduct by team members and third party service 
providers that could potentially harm customers or our 
reputation, there is no assurance that such policies and 
procedures will be fully effective in preventing such conduct. 
Furthermore, our actual or perceived failure to address or 
prevent any such conduct or otherwise to effectively manage our 
business or operations could result in significant reputational 
harm. In addition, because we conduct most of our businesses 
under the “Wells Fargo” brand, negative public opinion about 
one business also could affect our other businesses. The 
proliferation of social media websites utilized by Wells Fargo and 
other third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by 
our team members and others, including personal blogs and 
social network profiles, also may increase the risk that negative, 
inappropriate or unauthorized information may be posted or 
released publicly that could harm our reputation or have other 
negative consequences, including as a result of our team 
members interacting with our customers in an unauthorized 
manner in various social media outlets. 

Wells Fargo and other financial institutions have been 
targeted from time to time by protests and demonstrations, 
which have included disrupting the operation of our retail 
banking locations and have resulted in negative public 
commentary about financial institutions, including the fees 
charged for various products and services. There can be no 
assurance that continued protests or negative publicity for the 
Company specifically or large financial institutions generally will 
not harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and 
financial results. 
 
Risks related to legal actions.  Wells Fargo and some of its 
subsidiaries are involved in judicial, regulatory, arbitration, and 
other proceedings or investigations concerning matters arising 
from the conduct of our business activities. Although we believe 
we have a meritorious defense in all significant legal actions 
pending against us, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate 
outcome. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential 
losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs 
can be reasonably estimated. We may still incur costs for a legal 
action even if we have not established an accrual. In addition, 
the actual cost of resolving a legal action may be substantially 
higher than any amounts accrued for that action. The ultimate 
resolution of a pending legal proceeding or investigation, 
depending on the remedy sought and granted, could materially 
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

As noted above, we are subject to heightened regulatory 

oversight and scrutiny, which may lead to regulatory 
investigations, proceedings or enforcement actions. In addition 
to imposing monetary penalties and other sanctions, regulatory 
authorities may require criminal pleas or other admissions of 
wrongdoing and compliance with other conditions in connection 
with settling such matters, which can lead to reputational harm, 
loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access capital 
markets, limitations on capital distributions, the inability to 

engage in certain business activities or offer certain products or 
services, and/or other direct and indirect adverse effects. 

For more information, refer to Note 15 (Legal Actions) to 

Financial Statements in this Report. 

  

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY’S COMPETITIVE 
OPERATING ENVIRONMENT 
 
We face significant and increasing competition in the 
rapidly evolving financial services industry.  We compete 
with other financial institutions in a highly competitive industry 
that is undergoing significant changes as a result of financial 
regulatory reform, technological advances, increased public 
scrutiny stemming from the financial crisis and continued 
challenging economic conditions. Our success depends on our 
ability to develop and maintain deep and enduring relationships 
with our customers based on the quality of our customer service, 
the wide variety of products and services that we can offer our 
customers and the ability of those products and services to 
satisfy our customers’ needs, the pricing of our products and 
services, the extensive distribution channels available for our 
customers, our innovation, and our reputation. Continued or 
increased competition in any one or all of these areas may 
negatively affect our customer relationships, market share and 
results of operations and/or cause us to increase our capital 
investment in our businesses in order to remain competitive. In 
addition, our ability to reposition or reprice our products and 
services from time to time may be limited and could be 
influenced significantly by the current economic, regulatory and 
political environment for large financial institutions as well as by 
the actions of our competitors. Furthermore, any changes in the 
types of products and services that we offer our customers and/ 
or the pricing for those products and services could result in a 
loss of customer relationships and market share and could 
materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Continued technological advances and the growth of 

e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository 
institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were 
banking products, and for financial institutions and other 
companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial 
solutions, including electronic securities trading, lending and 
payment solutions. We may not respond effectively to these and 
other competitive threats from existing and new competitors and 
may be forced to sell products at lower prices, increase our 
investment in our business to modify or adapt our existing 
products and services, and/or develop new products and services 
to respond to our customers’ needs. To the extent we are not 
successful in developing and introducing new products and 
services or responding or adapting to the competitive landscape 
or to changes in customer preferences, we may lose customer 
relationships and our revenue growth and results of operations 
may be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to attract and retain qualified team 
members is critical to the success of our business and 
failure to do so could adversely affect our business 
performance, competitive position and future 
prospects.  The success of Wells Fargo is heavily dependent on 
the talents and efforts of our team members, including our 
senior leaders, and in many areas of our business, including 
commercial banking, brokerage, investment advisory, capital 
markets, risk management and technology, the competition for 
highly qualified personnel is intense. We also seek to retain a 
pipeline of team members to provide continuity of succession for 
our senior leadership positions. In order to attract and retain 

Wells Fargo & Company 

135 

Risk Factors (continued) 

highly qualified team members, we must provide competitive 
compensation. As a large financial institution and additionally to 
the extent we remain subject to consent orders we may be 
subject to limitations on compensation by our regulators that 
may adversely affect our ability to attract and retain these 
qualified team members, especially if some of our competitors 
may not be subject to these same compensation limitations. If 
we are unable to continue to attract and retain qualified team 
members, including successors for senior leadership positions, 
our business performance, competitive position and future 
prospects may be adversely affected. 

 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Changes in accounting policies or accounting 
standards, and changes in how accounting standards 
are interpreted or applied, could materially affect how 
we report our financial results and condition.  Our 
accounting policies are fundamental to determining and 
understanding our financial results and condition. As described 
below, some of these policies require use of estimates and 
assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities 
and financial results. Any changes in our accounting policies 
could materially affect our financial statements. 

From time to time the FASB and the SEC change the 

financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the 
preparation of our external financial statements. For example, 
Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 - Financial Instruments-
Credit Losses (Topic 326), which becomes effective in first 
quarter 2020, will replace the current “incurred loss” model for 
the allowance for credit losses with an “expected loss” model 
referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss model, or CECL. 
CECL could materially affect how we determine our allowance 
and report our financial results and condition. 

In addition, accounting standard setters and those who 
interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, 
banking regulators and our outside auditors) may change or 
even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how 
these standards should be applied. Changes in financial 
accounting and reporting standards and changes in current 
interpretations may be beyond our control, can be hard to 
predict and could materially affect how we report our financial 
results and condition. We may be required to apply a new or 
revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard 
differently, also retroactively, in each case potentially resulting 
in our restating prior period financial statements in material 
amounts. 

For more information, refer to the “Current Accounting 

Developments” section in this Report. 

Our financial statements are based in part on 
assumptions and estimates which, if wrong, could 
cause unexpected losses in the future, and our financial 
statements depend on our internal controls over 
financial reporting.  Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, we are required 
to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our 
financial statements, including in determining credit loss 
reserves, reserves for mortgage repurchases, reserves related to 
litigation and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, 
among other items. Several of our accounting policies are critical 
because they require management to make difficult, subjective 
and complex judgments about matters that are inherently 
uncertain and because it is likely that materially different 
amounts would be reported under different conditions or using 
different assumptions. For a description of these policies, refer 

to the “Critical Accounting Policies” section in this Report. If 
assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements 
are incorrect, we may experience material losses. 

Certain of our financial instruments, including trading 

assets, derivative assets and liabilities, investment securities, 
certain loans, MSRs, private equity investments, structured 
notes and certain repurchase and resale agreements, among 
other items, require a determination of their fair value in order 
to prepare our financial statements. Where quoted market prices 
are not available, we may make fair value determinations based 
on internally developed models or other means which ultimately 
rely to some degree on management judgment, and there is no 
assurance that our models will capture or appropriately reflect 
all relevant inputs required to accurately determine fair value. 
Some of these and other assets and liabilities may have no direct 
observable price levels, making their valuation particularly 
subjective, being based on significant estimation and judgment. 
In addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of 
certain loans and securities may make it more difficult to value 
certain balance sheet items, which may lead to the possibility 
that such valuations will be subject to further change or 
adjustment and could lead to declines in our earnings. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) requires 
our management to evaluate the Company’s disclosure controls 
and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting 
and requires our auditors to issue a report on our internal 
control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose, in 
our annual report on Form 10-K, the existence of any “material 
weaknesses” in our internal controls. We cannot assure that we 
will not identify one or more material weaknesses as of the end 
of any given quarter or year, nor can we predict the effect on our 
stock price of disclosure of a material weakness. Sarbanes-Oxley 
also limits the types of non-audit services our outside auditors 
may provide to us in order to preserve their independence from 
us. If our auditors were found not to be “independent” of us 
under SEC rules, we could be required to engage new auditors 
and re-file financial statements and audit reports with the SEC. 
We could be out of compliance with SEC rules until new 
financial statements and audit reports were filed, limiting our 
ability to raise capital and resulting in other adverse 
consequences. 

RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS 
 
Acquisitions may require regulatory approvals and 
conditions, and we may experience difficulty 
integrating any acquired company or business.  We 
regularly explore opportunities to expand our products, services 
and assets by acquiring companies or businesses in the financial 
services industry. We generally must receive federal regulatory 
approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company 
or certain other financial services businesses depending on the 
size of the financial services business to be acquired. As a result 
of the Dodd-Frank Act and concerns regarding the large size of 
financial institutions such as Wells Fargo, the regulatory process 
for approving acquisitions has become more complex and 
regulatory approvals may be more difficult to obtain. We cannot 
be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any 
required regulatory approvals will be granted. We might be 
required to sell banks, branches and/or business units or assets 
or issue additional equity as a condition to receiving regulatory 
approval for an acquisition. When we do announce an 
acquisition, our stock price may fall depending on the size of the 
acquisition, the type of business to be acquired, the purchase 
price, and the potential dilution to existing stockholders or our 

136 

Wells Fargo & Company 

earnings per share if we issue common stock in connection with 
the acquisition. 

Difficulty in integrating an acquired company or business 

may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost 
savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and other 
projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could 
result in higher than expected deposit attrition, loss of key team 
members, an increase in our compliance costs or risk profile, 
disruption of our business or the acquired business, or otherwise 
harm our ability to retain customers and team members or 
achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Time and 
resources spent on integration may also impair our ability to 
grow our existing businesses. Also, the negative effect of any 
divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or 
business combinations may be greater than expected. Many of 

Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

the foregoing risks may be increased if the acquired company or 
business operates internationally or in a geographic location 
where we do not already have significant business operations 
and/or team members. 

 

*  *  * 

 

 

 
Any factor described in this Report or in any of our other SEC 

filings could by itself, or together with other factors, adversely 
affect our financial results and condition. Refer to our quarterly 
reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC in 2018 for material 
changes to the above discussion of risk factors. There are factors 
not discussed above or elsewhere in this Report that could 
adversely affect our financial results and condition. 

The Company’s management evaluated the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2017, of the Company’s disclosure controls and 
procedures. The Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer participated in the evaluation. Based on this evaluation, the 
Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were 
effective as of December 31, 2017. 
 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process 
designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the 
Company’s Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
(GAAP) and includes those policies and procedures that: 
• 	

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of 
assets of the Company; 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the Company; and 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the 
Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

• 	

• 	

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of 

any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. No change occurred during any quarter in 
2017 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth below and should be read with these limitations in mind. 
 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the 
Company. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, 
 
using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control – 
Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2017, the Company’s internal 
control over financial reporting was effective. 

KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s financial statements included in this 

Annual Report, issued an audit report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. KPMG’s audit report appears on the 
following page. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

137 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
The Stockholders and Board of Directors 
Wells Fargo & Company: 
 
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) 
 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), 
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, 
comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017, and 
the related notes (collectively, the “consolidated financial statements”), and our report dated March 1, 2018, expressed an unqualified 
opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

Basis for Opinion 
 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of 
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control 
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based 
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the 
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. 
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the 
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect 
on the financial statements. 
 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections 
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 

 

 

 
San Francisco, California 
March 1, 2018 

138 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Financial Statements 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statement of Income 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 
Interest income 
Trading assets 
Investment securities 
Mortgages held for sale 
Loans held for sale 
Loans 
Other interest income 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 
Deposits 
Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other interest expense 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 
Provision for credit losses 
Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
Noninterest income 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees 
Card fees 
Other fees 
Mortgage banking 
Insurance 
Net gains from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities (1) 
Net gains from equity investments (2) 
Lease income 
Other 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 
Salaries 
Commission and incentive compensation 
Employee benefits 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income tax expense 
Income tax expense 
Net income before noncontrolling interests 
Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests 
Wells Fargo net income 
Less: Preferred stock dividends and other 
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock 
Per share information 

Earnings per common share 
Diluted earnings per common share 
Dividends declared per common share 
Average common shares outstanding 
Diluted average common shares outstanding 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Year ended December 31, 
2015 

2016 

2017 

2,928 
10,664 
786 
12 
41,388 
3,131 
58,909 

3,013 
758 
5,157 
424 
9,352 
49,557 
2,528 
47,029 

5,111 
14,495 
3,960 
3,557 
4,350 
1,049 
1,053 
479 
1,268 
1,907 
1,603 
38,832 

17,363 
10,442 
5,566 
2,237 
2,849 
1,152 
1,287 
17,588 
58,484 
27,377 
4,917 
22,460 
277 
22,183 
1,629 
20,554 

2,506 
9,248 
784 
9 
39,505 
1,611 
53,663 

1,395 
330 
3,830 
354 
5,909 
47,754 
3,770 
43,984 

5,372 
14,243 
3,936 
3,727 
6,096 
1,268 
834 
942 
879 
1,927 
1,289 
40,513 

16,552 
10,247 
5,094 
2,154 
2,855 
1,192 
1,168 
13,115 
52,377 
32,120 
10,075 
22,045 
107 
21,938 
1,565 
20,373 

1,971 
8,937 
785 
19 
36,575 
990 
49,277 

963 
64 
2,592 
357 
3,976 
45,301 
2,442 
42,859 

5,168 
14,468 
3,720 
4,324 
6,501 
1,694 
614 
952 
2,230 
621 
464 
40,756 

15,883 
10,352 
4,446 
2,063 
2,886 
1,246 
973 
12,125 
49,974 
33,641 
10,365 
23,276 
382 
22,894 
1,424 
21,470 

4.14 
4.10 
1.540 
4,964.6 
5,017.3 

4.03 
3.99 
1.515 
5,052.8 
5,108.3 

4.18 
4.12 
1.475 
5,136.5 
5,209.8 

(1) 	 Total other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) losses were $205 million, $207 million and $136 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 

respectively. Of total OTTI, losses of $262 million, $189 million and $183 million were recognized in earnings, and losses (reversal of losses) of $(57) million, $18 million 
 
and $(47) million were recognized as non-credit-related OTTI in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Includes OTTI losses of $344 million, $453 million and $376 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

(2) 	

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

139 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

(in millions) 

Wells Fargo net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 

Investment securities: 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Reclassification of net gains to net income 

Derivatives and hedging activities: 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Reclassification of net gains on cash flow hedges to net income 

Defined benefit plans adjustments: 

Net actuarial and prior service gains (losses) arising during the period 
Amortization of net actuarial loss, settlements and other to net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustments: 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Reclassification of net gains to net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 
Income tax (expense) benefit related to other comprehensive income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 

Wells Fargo other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Wells Fargo comprehensive income 
Comprehensive income from noncontrolling interests 

Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

$ 

22,183 

2016 

21,938 

2015 

22,894 

2,719 
(737) 

(540) 
(543) 

49 
153 

96 
— 

1,197 
(434) 

763 
(62) 

825 

23,008 
215 

23,223 

$ 

(3,458) 
(1,240) 

177 
(1,029) 

(52) 
158 

(3) 
— 

(5,447) 
1,996 

(3,451) 
(17) 

(3,434) 

18,504 
90 

18,594 

(3,318) 
(1,530) 

1,549 
(1,089) 

(512) 
114 

(137) 
(5) 

(4,928) 
1,774 

(3,154) 
67 

(3,221) 

19,673 
449 

20,122 

140 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 

(in millions, except shares) 
Assets 
Cash and due from banks 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term investments 
Trading assets 
Investment securities: 

$ 

Available-for-sale, at fair value 
Held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value $138,985 and $99,155) 

Mortgages held for sale (includes $16,116 and $22,042 carried at fair value) (1) 
Loans held for sale 
Loans (includes $376 and $758 carried at fair value) (1) 
Allowance for loan losses 

Net loans 

Mortgage servicing rights: 
Measured at fair value 
Amortized 

Premises and equipment, net 
Goodwill 
Derivative assets 
Other assets (includes $4,867 and $3,275 carried at fair value) (1) 

Dec 31, 
2017 

23,367 
272,605 
92,329 

277,085 
139,335 
20,070 
108 
956,770 
(11,004) 

945,766 

13,625 
1,424 
8,847 
26,587 
12,228 
118,381 

Dec 31, 
2016 

20,729 
266,038 
74,397 

308,364 
99,583 
26,309 
80 
967,604 
(11,419) 

956,185 

12,959 
1,406 
8,333 
26,693 
14,498 
114,541 

Total assets (2) 

Liabilities 
Noninterest-bearing deposits 
Interest-bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 
Derivative liabilities 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
Long-term debt 

Total liabilities (3) 

Equity 
Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity: 

Preferred stock 
Common stock – $1-2/3 par value, authorized 9,000,000,000 shares; issued 5,481,811,474 shares 
Additional paid-in capital 
Retained earnings 
Cumulative other comprehensive income (loss) 
Treasury stock – 590,194,846 shares and 465,702,148 shares 
Unearned ESOP shares 

 

Total Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

$ 

1,951,757 

1,930,115 

$ 

373,722 
962,269 

1,335,991 
103,256 
8,796 
70,615 
225,020 

1,743,678 

25,358 
9,136 
60,893 
145,263 
(2,144) 
(29,892) 
(1,678) 

206,936 
1,143 

208,079 

375,967 
930,112 

1,306,079 
96,781 
14,492 
57,189 
255,077 

1,729,618 

24,551 
9,136 
60,234 
133,075 
(3,137) 
(22,713) 
(1,565) 

199,581 
916 

200,497 

$ 

1,951,757 

1,930,115 

(1) 	 Parenthetical amounts represent assets and liabilities for which we have elected the fair value option. 
(2) 	 Our consolidated assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, include the following assets of certain variable interest entities (VIEs) that can only be used to settle the liabilities 

of those VIEs: Cash and due from banks, $116 million and $168 million; Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term 
investments, $376 million and $74 million; Trading assets, $294 million and $130 million; Investment securities, $0 million and $0 million; Net loans, $12.5 billion and 
$12.6 billion; Derivative assets, $0 million and $1 million; Other assets, $349 million and $452 million; and Total assets, $13.6 billion and $13.4 billion, respectively. 

(3) 	 Our consolidated liabilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016, include the following VIE liabilities for which the VIE creditors do not have recourse to Wells Fargo: Derivative 

liabilities, $5 million and $33 million; Accrued expenses and other liabilities, $132 million and $107 million; Long-term debt, $1.5 billion and $3.7 billion; and Total 
liabilities, $1.6 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively. 

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

141 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 

(in millions, except shares) 

Balance December 31, 2014 

Balance January 1, 2015 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Noncontrolling interests 
Common stock issued 
Common stock repurchased (1) 
Preferred stock issued to ESOP 
Preferred stock released by ESOP 
Preferred stock converted to common shares 
Common stock warrants repurchased/exercised 
Preferred stock issued 
Common stock dividends 
Preferred stock dividends 
Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation 
Stock incentive compensation expense 
Net change in deferred compensation and related plans 

Net change 

Balance December 31, 2015 

Balance Cumulative effect from change in consolidation accounting (2) 

Balance January 1, 2016 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Noncontrolling interests 
Common stock issued 
Common stock repurchased (1) 
Preferred stock issued to ESOP 
Preferred stock released by ESOP 
Preferred stock converted to common shares 
Common stock warrants repurchased/exercised 
Preferred stock issued 
Common stock dividends 
Preferred stock dividends 
Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation 
Stock incentive compensation expense 
Net change in deferred compensation and related plans 

Net change 

Balance December 31, 2016 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

11,138,818  $ 

19,213 

5,170,349,198  $ 

11,138,818 

19,213 

5,170,349,198 

9,136 

9,136 

69,876,577 
(163,400,892) 

826,598 

826 

  

(825,499) 

(825) 

15,303,927 

  

  

120,000 

3,000 

  

121,099 

3,001 

(78,220,388) 

— 

11,259,917  $ 

22,214 

5,092,128,810  $ 

9,136 

11,259,917 

22,214 

5,092,128,810 

9,136 

63,441,805 
(159,647,152) 

1,150,000 

1,150 

(963,205) 

(963) 

20,185,863 

86,000 

2,150 

  

  

272,795 

2,337 

(76,019,484) 

— 

11,532,712  $ 

24,551 

5,016,109,326  $ 

9,136 

(1) 	 For the year ended December 31, 2015, includes $500 million related to a private forward repurchase transaction entered into in fourth quarter 2015 that settled in first 

quarter 2016 for 9.2 million shares of common stock. For the year ended December 31, 2016, includes $750 million related to a private forward repurchase transaction that 
settled in first quarter 2017 for 14.7 million shares of common stock. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for additional information. 

(2) 	 Effective January 1, 2016, we adopted changes in consolidation accounting pursuant to Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-02: Amendments to the Consolidation 

Analysis. Accordingly, we recorded a $121 million net increase to beginning noncontrolling interests as a cumulative-effect adjustment.

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 
(continued on following pages) 

142 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Cumulative 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 

3,518 

3,518 

(3,221) 

Retained 
earnings 

107,040 

107,040 

22,894 

— 

Treasury 
stock 

(13,690) 

(13,690) 

3,041 
(8,947) 

718 

Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity 

Unearned 
ESOP 
shares 

(1,360) 

(1,360) 

Total 
Wells Fargo 
stockholders’ 
equity 

184,394 

184,394 

(900) 
898 

(3,221) 

297 

11 

(5,177) 

(18,867) 

(2) 

(1,362) 

297 

(18,867) 

(1,362) 

192,998 

(3,434) 

3,040 
(7,866) 

974 

(1,249) 
1,046 

Additional 
paid-in 
capital 

60,537 

60,537 

2 
(397) 
250 
74 
(73) 
107 
(49) 
(28) 
62 

453 
844 
(1,068) 

177 

60,714 

60,714 

2 
(203) 
(250) 
99 
(83) 
(11) 
(17) 
(49) 
51 

277 
779 
(1,075) 

(480) 

60,234 

(7,642) 
(1,426) 

13,826 

120,866 

120,866 

21,938 

(451) 

(7,712) 
(1,566) 

Noncontrolling 
interests 

868 

868 

382 
67 
(424) 

25 

893 

121 

1,014 

107 
(17) 
(188) 

(98) 

916 

Total 
equity 

185,262 

185,262 

23,276 
(3,154) 
(422) 
2,644 
(8,697) 
— 
825 
— 
(49) 
2,972 
(7,580) 
(1,426) 
453 
844 
(1,057) 

8,629 

193,891 

121 

194,012 

22,045 
(3,451) 
(186) 
2,386 
(8,116) 
— 
963 
— 
(17) 
2,101 
(7,661) 
(1,566) 
277 
779 
(1,069) 

6,485 

200,497 

22,894 
(3,221) 
2 
2,644 
(8,697) 
— 
825 
— 
(49) 
2,972 
(7,580) 
(1,426) 
453 
844 
(1,057) 

8,604 

192,998 

21,938 
(3,434) 
2 
2,386 
(8,116) 
— 
963 
— 
(17) 
2,101 
(7,661) 
(1,566) 
277 
779 
(1,069) 

6,583 

199,581 

12,209 

133,075 

(3,434) 

(3,137) 

6 

(3,846) 

(22,713) 

(203) 

(1,565) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

143 

(continued from previous pages) 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 

(in millions, except shares) 

Balance December 31, 2016 

Cumulative effect from change in hedge accounting (1) 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

11,532,712  $ 

24,551 

5,016,109,326  $ 

9,136 

Balance January 1, 2017 

11,532,712 

24,551 

5,016,109,326 

9,136 

Net income 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
Noncontrolling interests 
Common stock issued 
Common stock repurchased 
Preferred stock issued to ESOP 
Preferred stock released by ESOP 
Preferred stock converted to common shares 
Common stock warrants repurchased/exercised 
Preferred stock issued 
Common stock dividends 
Preferred stock dividends 
Tax benefit from stock incentive compensation (2) 
Stock incentive compensation expense 
Net change in deferred compensation and related plans 

Net change 

Balance December 31, 2017 

57,257,564 
(196,519,707) 

950,000 

950 

(833,077) 

(833) 

14,769,445 

27,600 

690 

144,523 

807 

(124,492,698) 

— 

11,677,235  $ 

25,358 

4,891,616,628  $ 

9,136 

(1) 	 Financial information has been revised to reflect the impact of the adoption in fourth quarter 2017 of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-12 – Derivatives and 

Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for more information. 

(2) 	 Effective January 1, 2017, we adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 (Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting). Accordingly, tax benefit 

from stock incentive compensation is reported in income tax expense in the consolidated statement of income. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

144 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Wells Fargo stockholders’ equity 

Treasury 
stock 

(22,713) 

Unearned 
ESOP 
shares 

Total 
Wells Fargo 
stockholders’ 
equity 

Noncontrolling 
interests 

Total 
equity 

(1,565) 

199,581 

916 

200,497 

Cumulative 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 

(3,137) 

168 

(2,969) 

(22,713) 

(1,565) 

199,368 

825 

2,758 
(10,658) 

736 

(981) 
868 

(213) 

22,183 
825 
— 
2,348 
(9,908) 
— 
833 
— 
(133) 
677 
(7,658) 
(1,629) 
— 
875 
(845) 

7,568 

206,936 

916 

277 
(62) 
12 

227 

1,143 

(213) 

200,284 

22,460 
763 
12 
2,348 
(9,908) 
— 
833 
— 
(133) 
677 
(7,658) 
(1,629) 
— 
875 
(845) 

7,795 

208,079 

12,569 

145,263 

825 

(2,144) 

(15) 

(7,179) 

(29,892) 

(113) 

(1,678) 

Retained 
earnings 

133,075 

(381) 

132,694 

22,183 

(277) 

(7,708) 
(1,629) 

Additional
 paid-in 
capital 

60,234 

60,234 

— 
(133) 
750 
31 
(35) 
97 
(133) 
(13) 
50 

— 
875 
(830) 

659 

60,893 

Wells Fargo & Company 

145 

Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

(in millions) 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
Net income before noncontrolling interests 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for credit losses 
Changes in fair value of MSRs, MHFS and LHFS carried at fair value 
Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
Other net gains 
Stock-based compensation 

Originations and purchases of MHFS and LHFS 
Proceeds from sales of and paydowns on mortgages originated for sale and LHFS 
Net change in: 

Trading assets 
Deferred income taxes 
Derivative assets and liabilities 
Other assets 
Other accrued expenses and liabilities (1) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 
Net change in: 

2017 

Year ended December 31, 
2015 

2016 

$ 

22,460 

22,045 

23,276 

2,528 
886 
5,406 
(973) 
2,046 
(181,321) 
135,054 

33,332 
666 
(5,025) 
(1,174) 
4,837 
18,722 

3,770 
139 
4,970 
(6,086) 
1,945 
(205,314) 
127,488 

62,550 
1,793 
2,089 
(14,232) 
(211) 
946 

2,442 
62 
3,288 
(6,496) 
1,958 
(178,294) 
133,201 

42,754 
(2,265) 
(354) 
(2,165) 
(1,503) 
15,904 

Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term investments 

(13,490) 

3,991 

(11,866) 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Sales proceeds 
Prepayments and maturities 
Purchases 

Held-to-maturity securities: 
Paydowns and maturities 
Purchases 

Nonmarketable equity investments: 

Sales proceeds 
Purchases 

Loans: 

Loans originated by banking subsidiaries, net of principal collected (2) 
Proceeds from sales (including participations) of loans held for investment 
Purchases (including participations) of loans 
Principal collected on nonbank entities' loans (2) 
Loans originated by nonbank entities (2) 

Net cash paid for acquisitions 
Proceeds from sales of foreclosed assets and short sales 
Other, net 

Net cash used by investing activities 
Cash flows from financing activities: 
Net change in: 

Deposits 
Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Repayment 
Preferred stock: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Cash dividends paid 

Common stock: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Stock tendered for payment of withholding taxes (1) 
Repurchased 
Cash dividends paid 

Net change in noncontrolling interests 
Other, net 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 
Net change in cash and due from banks 

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year 
Cash and due from banks at end of year 
Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Cash paid for interest 
Cash paid for income taxes 

42,714 
45,710 
(103,671) 

10,673 
— 

3,982 
(3,023) 

317 
10,439 
(3,702) 
7,448 
(6,814) 
(320) 
5,198 
(625) 
(5,164) 

29,912 
14,020 

43,575 
(80,802) 

677 
(1,629) 

1,211 
(393) 
(9,908) 
(7,480) 
30 
(133) 
(10,920) 
2,638 
20,729 
23,367 

9,103 
6,592 

$ 

$ 

31,584 
41,105 
(120,980) 

7,957 
(23,593) 

1,975 
(4,316) 

(39,002) 
10,061 
(6,221) 
6,844 
(7,743) 
(30,584) 
7,311 
(508) 
(122,119) 

82,767 
(1,198) 

90,111 
(34,462) 

2,101 
(1,566) 

1,415 
(494) 
(8,116) 
(7,472) 
(188) 
(107) 
122,791 
1,618 
19,111 
20,729 

5,573 
8,446 

25,431 
33,912 
(79,778) 

5,290 
(25,424) 

3,496 
(2,352) 

(57,020) 
11,672 
(13,759) 
5,023 
(7,437) 
(3) 
7,803 
(2,223) 
(107,235) 

54,867 
34,010 

43,030 
(27,333) 

2,972 
(1,426) 

1,726 
(679) 
(8,697) 
(7,400) 
(232) 
33 
90,871 
(460) 
19,571 
19,111 

3,816 
13,688 

(1)  Prior periods have been revised to conform to the current period presentation. 
(2)  Prior periods have been revised to reflect classification changes due to entity restructuring activities. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for noncash activities. 

146 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Notes to Financial Statements 

See the Glossary of Acronyms at the end of this Report for terms used throughout the Financial Statements and related Notes. 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Wells Fargo & Company is a diversified financial services 
company. We provide banking, trust and investments, mortgage 
banking, investment banking, retail banking, brokerage, and 
consumer and commercial finance through banking locations, 
the internet and other distribution channels to consumers, 
businesses and institutions in all 50 states, the District of 
Columbia, and in foreign countries. When we refer to 
“Wells Fargo,” “the Company,” “we,” “our” or “us,” we mean 
Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries (consolidated). 
Wells Fargo & Company (the Parent) is a financial holding 
company and a bank holding company. We also hold a majority 
interest in a real estate investment trust, which has publicly 
traded preferred stock outstanding. 

Our accounting and reporting policies conform with U.S. 

generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and practices 
in the financial services industry. To prepare the financial 
statements in conformity with GAAP, management must make 
estimates based on assumptions about future economic and 
market conditions (for example, unemployment, market 
liquidity, real estate prices, etc.) that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, 
income and expenses during the reporting period and the related 
disclosures. Although our estimates contemplate current 
conditions and how we expect them to change in the future, it is 
reasonably possible that actual conditions could be worse than 
anticipated in those estimates, which could materially affect our 
results of operations and financial condition. Management has 
made significant estimates in several areas, including: 
• 	

allowance for credit losses (Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for 
Credit Losses)); 
valuations of residential mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) 
(Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) and 
Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities)) and financial 
instruments (Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities)); 
income taxes (Note 22 (Income Taxes)); and 
liabilities for contingent litigation losses (Note 15 (Legal 
Actions)). 

• 	

• 	
• 	

Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 
Accounting Standards Adopted in 2017 
In 2017, we adopted the following new accounting guidance: 
• 	

Accounting Standards Update (ASU or Update) 2017-12 – 
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted 
Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities; 
ASU 2016-09 – Compensation – Stock Compensation 
(Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based 
Payment Accounting; 
ASU 2016-07 – Investments – Equity Method and Joint 
Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the 
Equity Method of Accounting; 
ASU 2016-06 – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): 
Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments; and 
ASU 2016-05 – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): 
Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge 
Accounting Relationships. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

ASU 2017-12 provides targeted improvements to the hedge 
accounting model intended to facilitate financial reporting that 
more closely reflects an entity’s risk management activities and 
 
to simplify application of hedge accounting. Changes under the 

new guidance include expansion of the types of risk management 
strategies eligible for hedge accounting, easing the 
documentation and effectiveness assessment requirements, 
changing how ineffectiveness is measured, and changing the 
presentation and disclosure requirements for hedge accounting 
activities. 

We early adopted ASU 2017-12 in fourth quarter 2017. 
Our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 
2017, include a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening 
retained earnings and adjustments to our 2017 earnings to 
reflect application of the new guidance effective January 1, 
2017. The new guidance significantly reduces but does not 
eliminate interest-rate related hedge ineffectiveness and 
mitigates certain components of foreign currency related 
hedge ineffectiveness. In particular, we continued to 
experience hedge ineffectiveness volatility related to certain 
hedges of foreign-currency denominated debt liabilities. The 
adjustment as of January 1, 2017, reduced retained earnings by 
$381 million and increased other comprehensive income by 
$168 million. The effect of adoption on previously reported 
year-to-date results through September 30, 2017, increased 
net income by $169 million ($242 million pre-tax) and 
decreased other comprehensive income by $163 million. 

ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for share-based 
payment awards issued to employees. We have income tax 
effects based on changes in our stock price from the grant date to 
the vesting date of the employee stock compensation. The 
Update requires these income tax effects to be recognized in the 
statement of income within income tax expense instead of within 
additional paid-in capital. In addition, the Update requires 
changes to the Statement of Cash Flows including the 
classification between the operating and financing section for tax 
activity related to employee stock compensation, which we 
adopted retrospectively. We recorded excess tax benefits and tax 
deficiencies within income tax expense in the statement of 
income in first quarter 2017, on a prospective basis. 

ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement for companies to 
retroactively apply the equity method of accounting for 
investments when increases in ownership interests or degree of 
influence result in the adoption of the equity method. Under the 
guidance, the equity method should be applied prospectively in 
the period in which the ownership changes occur. We adopted 
this change in first quarter 2017. The Update has been applied 
on a prospective basis and did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated financial statements. 

ASU 2016-06 clarifies the criteria entities should use when 
evaluating whether embedded contingent put and call options in 
debt instruments should be separated from the debt instrument 
and accounted for separately as derivatives. The Update clarifies 
that companies should not consider whether the event that 
triggers the ability to exercise put or call options is related to 
interest rates or credit risk. We adopted this change in first 
quarter 2017. The Update did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated financial statements. 

ASU 2016-05 clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a 
derivative instrument that has been designated as an accounting 
hedge does not require the hedging relationship to be 

Wells Fargo & Company 

147 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

dedesignated as long as all other hedge accounting criteria 
continue to be met. We adopted the guidance in first quarter 
2017. The Update did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated financial statements. 

Accounting Standards with Retrospective Application 
The following accounting pronouncements have been issued by 
the FASB but are not yet effective: 
• 	

 
ASU 2016-18 – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): 
Restricted Cash; and 
ASU 2016-15 – Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): 
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. 

• 	

ASU 2016-18 requires that amounts described as restricted 
cash and cash equivalents be included with cash and cash 
equivalents in the statement of cash flows. In addition, we will be 
required to disclose information in our footnotes about the 
nature of the restriction on cash and cash equivalents. The 
Update is effective for us in first quarter 2018 with retrospective 
application. The Update did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated financial statements. 

ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the 
objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice for 
reporting in the Statement of Cash Flows. The Update is effective 
for us in first quarter 2018 with retrospective application. The 
Update did not have a material impact on our consolidated 
financial statements. 

Consolidation 
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the Parent and our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling 
interest. 

We are also a variable interest holder in certain entities in 

which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a 
controlling financial interest or where the entity does not have 
enough equity at risk to finance its activities without additional 
subordinated financial support from other parties (referred to as 
variable interest entities (VIEs)). Our variable interest arises 
from contractual, ownership or other monetary interests in the 
entity, which change with fluctuations in the fair value of the 
entity’s net assets. We consolidate a VIE if we are the primary 
beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary if we have a 
controlling financial interest, which includes both the power to 
direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE and a 
variable interest that potentially could be significant to the VIE. 
To determine whether or not a variable interest we hold could 
potentially be significant to the VIE, we consider both qualitative 
and quantitative factors regarding the nature, size and form of 
our involvement with the VIE. We assess whether or not we are 
the primary beneficiary of a VIE on an ongoing basis.

 Significant intercompany accounts and transactions are 

eliminated in consolidation. When we have significant influence 
over operating and financing decisions for a company but do not 
own a majority of the voting equity interests, we account for the 
investment using the equity method of accounting, which 
requires us to recognize our proportionate share of the 
company’s earnings. If we do not have significant influence, we 
recognize the equity investment at cost except for (1) marketable 
equity securities, which we recognize at fair value with changes 
in fair value included in other comprehensive income (OCI), and 
(2) nonmarketable equity investments for which we have elected 
the fair value option. Investments accounted for under the equity 
or cost method are included in other assets. 

Cash and Due From Banks 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash items in 
transit, and amounts due from other depository institutions. 

 

Trading Assets 
Trading assets are predominantly securities, including corporate 
debt, U.S. government agency obligations and other securities 
and certain loans held for market-making purposes to support 
the buying and selling demands of our customers. Interest-only 
strips and other retained interests in securitizations that can be 
contractually prepaid or otherwise settled in a way that the 
holder would not recover substantially all of its recorded 
investment are classified as trading assets. Trading assets are 
carried at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in net 
gains from trading activities. For securities and loans in trading 
assets, interest and dividend income are recorded in interest 
income. 

 

Investments 
Our investments include various debt and marketable equity 
securities and nonmarketable equity investments. We classify 
debt and marketable equity securities as available-for-sale or 
held-to-maturity securities based on our intent to hold to 
maturity. Our nonmarketable equity investments are reported in 
other assets. 

AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE SECURITIES  Debt securities that we 
might not hold until maturity and marketable equity securities 
are classified as available-for-sale securities and reported at fair 
value. Unrealized gains and losses, after applicable income taxes, 
are reported in cumulative OCI. 

 

We conduct other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) 
analysis on a quarterly basis or more often if a potential loss-
triggering event occurs. The initial indicator of OTTI for both 
debt and equity securities is a decline in fair value below the 
amount recorded for an investment and the severity and 
duration of the decline. 

For a debt security for which there has been a decline in the 

fair value below amortized cost basis, we recognize OTTI if we 
(1) have the intent to sell the security, (2) it is more likely than 
not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of 
its amortized cost basis, or (3) we do not expect to recover the 
entire amortized cost basis of the security. 

Estimating recovery of the amortized cost basis of a debt 

security is based upon an assessment of the cash flows expected 
to be collected. If the present value of cash flows expected to be 
collected, discounted at the security’s effective yield, is less than 
amortized cost, OTTI is considered to have occurred. In 
performing an assessment of the cash flows expected to be 
collected, we consider all relevant information including: 
• 	

the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has 
been less than the amortized cost basis; 
the historical and implied volatility of the fair value of the 
security; 
the cause of the price decline, such as the general level of 
interest rates or adverse conditions specifically related to 
the security, an industry or a geographic area; 
the issuer’s financial condition, near-term prospects and 
ability to service the debt; 
the payment structure of the debt security and the 
likelihood of the issuer being able to make payments that 
increase in the future; 
for asset-backed securities, the credit performance of the 
underlying collateral, including delinquency rates, level of 
non-performing assets, cumulative losses to date, collateral 

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

• 	

148 

Wells Fargo & Company 

value and the remaining credit enhancement compared with 
expected credit losses; 
any change in rating agencies’ credit ratings at evaluation 
date from acquisition date and any likely imminent action; 
independent analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit 
ratings and other independent market data; and 
recoveries or additional declines in fair value subsequent to 
the balance sheet date. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

 

If we intend to sell the security, or if it is more likely than 

not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of 
amortized cost basis, an OTTI write-down is recognized in 
earnings equal to the entire difference between the amortized 
cost basis and fair value of the security. For debt securities that 
are considered other-than-temporarily impaired that we do not 
intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we will not be 
required to sell before recovery, the OTTI write-down is 
separated into an amount representing the credit loss, which is 
recognized in earnings, and the amount related to all other 
factors, which is recognized in OCI. The measurement of the 
credit loss component is equal to the difference between the debt 
security’s amortized cost basis and the present value of its 
expected future cash flows discounted at the security’s effective 
yield. The remaining difference between the security’s fair value 
and the present value of expected future cash flows is due to 
factors that are not credit-related and, therefore, is recognized in 
OCI. We believe that we will fully collect the carrying value of 
securities on which we have recorded a non-credit-related 
impairment in OCI. 

We hold investments in perpetual preferred securities (PPS) 

that are structured in equity form but have many of the 
characteristics of debt instruments, including periodic cash flows 
in the form of dividends, call features, ratings that are similar to 
debt securities and pricing like long-term callable bonds. 

Because of the hybrid nature of these securities, we evaluate 
PPS for OTTI using a model similar to the model we use for debt 
securities as described above. Among the factors we consider in 
our evaluation of PPS are whether there is any evidence of 
deterioration in the credit of the issuer as indicated by a decline 
in cash flows or a rating agency downgrade to below investment 
grade and the estimated recovery period. OTTI write-downs of 
PPS are recognized in earnings equal to the difference between 
the cost basis and fair value of the security. Based upon the 
factors considered in our OTTI evaluation, we believe our 
investments in PPS currently rated investment grade will be fully 
realized and, accordingly, have not recognized OTTI on such 
securities. 

For marketable equity securities other than PPS, OTTI 
evaluations focus on whether evidence exists that supports 
recovery of the unrealized loss within a timeframe consistent 
with temporary impairment. This evaluation considers the 
severity of and length of time fair value is below cost, our intent 
and ability to hold the security until forecasted recovery of the 
fair value of the security, and the investee’s financial condition, 
capital strength, and near-term prospects. 

We recognize realized gains and losses on the sale of 

investment securities in noninterest income using the specific 
identification method. 

Unamortized premiums and discounts are recognized in 

interest income over the contractual life of the security using the 
interest method. As principal repayments are received on 
securities (i.e., primarily mortgage-backed securities (MBS)) a 
proportionate amount of the related premium or discount is 
recognized in income so that the effective interest rate on the 
remaining portion of the security continues unchanged. 

  

HELD-TO-MATURITY SECURITIES  Debt securities for which 
the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to 
maturity are reported at historical cost adjusted for amortization 
of premiums and accretion of discounts. We recognize OTTI 
when there is a decline in fair value and we do not expect to 
recover the entire amortized cost basis of the debt security. The 
amortized cost is written-down to fair value with the credit loss 
component recorded to earnings and the remaining component 
recognized in OCI. The OTTI assessment related to whether we 
expect recovery of the amortized cost basis and determination of 
any credit loss component recognized in earnings for held-to­
maturity securities is the same as described for available-for-sale 
securities. Security transfers to the held-to-maturity 
classification are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains or 
losses from the transfer of available-for-sale securities continue 
to be reported in cumulative OCI and are amortized into 
earnings over the remaining life of the security using the 
effective interest method. 
 
NONMARKETABLE EQUITY INVESTMENTS  Nonmarketable 
equity investments include low income housing tax credit 
investments, equity securities that are not publicly traded and 
securities acquired for various purposes, such as to meet 
regulatory requirements (for example, Federal Reserve Bank and 
Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock). We have elected the 
fair value option for some of these investments with the 
remainder of these investments accounted for under the cost or 
equity method, which we review at least quarterly for possible 
OTTI. Our review typically includes an analysis of the facts and 
circumstances of each investment, the expectations for the 
investment’s cash flows and capital needs, the viability of its 
business model and our exit strategy. We reduce the asset value 
when we consider declines in value to be other than temporary. 
We recognize the estimated loss as a loss from equity 
investments in noninterest income. 
 
Securities Purchased and Sold Agreements 
Securities purchased under resale agreements and securities sold 
under repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized 
financing transactions and are recorded at the acquisition or sale 
price plus accrued interest. We monitor the fair value of 
securities purchased and sold and obtain collateral from or 
return it to counterparties when appropriate. These financing 
transactions do not create material credit risk given the 
collateral provided and the related monitoring process. 

Mortgages and Loans Held for Sale 
Mortgages held for sale (MHFS) include commercial and 
residential mortgages originated for sale and securitization in 
the secondary market, which is our principal market, or for sale 
as whole loans. We have elected the fair value option for 
substantially all residential MHFS (see Note 17 (Fair Values of 
Assets and Liabilities)). The remaining residential MHFS are 
held at the lower of cost or fair value (LOCOM) and are valued 
on an aggregate portfolio basis. Commercial MHFS are held at 
LOCOM and are valued on an individual loan basis. 

Loans held for sale (LHFS) are carried at LOCOM. 

Generally, consumer loans are valued on an aggregate portfolio 
basis, and commercial loans are valued on an individual loan 
basis. 

Gains and losses on MHFS are recorded in mortgage 

banking noninterest income. Gains and losses on LHFS are 
recorded in other noninterest income. Direct loan origination 
costs and fees for MHFS and LHFS under the fair value option 
are recognized in income at origination. For MHFS and LHFS 

Wells Fargo & Company 

149 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

recorded at LOCOM, loan costs and fees are deferred at 
origination and are recognized in income at time of sale. Interest 
income on MHFS and LHFS is calculated based upon the note 
rate of the loan and is recorded in interest income. 

Our lines of business are authorized to originate held-for­
investment loans that meet or exceed established loan product 
profitability criteria, including minimum positive net interest 
margin spreads in excess of funding costs. When a 
determination is made at the time of commitment to originate 
loans as held for investment, it is our intent to hold these loans 
to maturity or for the “foreseeable future,” subject to periodic 
review under our management evaluation processes, including 
corporate asset/liability management. In determining the 
“foreseeable future” for loans, management considers (1) the 
current economic environment and market conditions, (2) our 
business strategy and current business plans, (3) the nature and 
type of the loan receivable, including its expected life, and 
(4) our current financial condition and liquidity demands. If 
subsequent changes, including changes in interest rates, 
significantly impact the ongoing profitability of certain loan 
products, we may subsequently change our intent to hold these 
loans, and we would take actions to sell such loans. Upon such 
management determination, we immediately transfer these 
loans to the MHFS or LHFS portfolio at LOCOM. 
 
Loans 
Loans are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of 
any unearned income, cumulative charge-offs, unamortized 
deferred fees and costs on originated loans and unamortized 
premiums or discounts on purchased loans. PCI loans are 
reported net of any remaining purchase accounting adjustments. 
See the “Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans” section in this Note 
for our accounting policy for PCI loans. 

Unearned income, deferred fees and costs, and discounts 

and premiums are amortized to interest income over the 
contractual life of the loan using the interest method. Loan 
commitment fees are generally deferred and amortized into 
noninterest income on a straight-line basis over the commitment 
period. 

We have certain private label and co-brand credit card loans 

through a program agreement that involves our active 
participation in the operating activity of the program with a third 
party. We share in the economic results of the loans subject to 
this agreement. We consider the program to be a collaborative 
arrangement and therefore report our share of revenue and 
losses on a net basis in interest income for loans, other 
noninterest income and provision for credit losses as applicable. 
Our net share of revenue from this activity represented less than 
1% of our total revenues for 2017. 

Loans also include direct financing leases that are recorded 
at the aggregate of minimum lease payments receivable plus the 
estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned 
income. Leveraged leases, which are a form of direct financing 
leases, are recorded net of related non-recourse debt. Leasing 
income is recognized as a constant percentage of outstanding 
lease financing balances over the lease terms in interest income. 

NONACCRUAL AND PAST DUE LOANS  We generally place 
loans on nonaccrual status when: 
• 	

the full and timely collection of interest or principal 
becomes uncertain (generally based on an assessment of the 
borrower’s financial condition and the adequacy of 
collateral, if any); 
they are 90 days (120 days with respect to real estate 1-4 
family first and junior lien mortgages) past due for interest 

• 	

150 

or principal, unless both well-secured and in the process of 
collection; 
part of the principal balance has been charged off, except for 
credit card loans, which are generally not placed on 
nonaccrual status, but are generally fully charged off when 
the loan reaches 180 days past due; 
for junior lien mortgages, we have evidence that the related 
first lien mortgage may be 120 days past due or in the 
process of foreclosure regardless of the junior lien 
delinquency status; or 
consumer real estate and automobile loans receive 
notification of bankruptcy, regardless of their delinquency 
status. 

• 	

• 	

• 	

 

PCI loans are written down at acquisition to fair value using 

an estimate of cash flows deemed to be collectible and an 
accretable yield is established. Accordingly, such loans are not 
classified as nonaccrual because they continue to earn interest 
from accretable yield, independent of performance in accordance 
of their contractual terms, and we expect to fully collect the new 
carrying values of such loans (that is, the new cost basis arising 
out of purchase accounting). 

When we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse the 
accrued unpaid interest receivable against interest income and 
suspend amortization of any net deferred fees. If the ultimate 
collectability of the recorded loan balance is in doubt on a 
nonaccrual loan, the cost recovery method is used and cash 
collected is applied to first reduce the carrying value of the loan. 
Otherwise, interest income may be recognized to the extent cash 
is received. Generally, we return a loan to accrual status when all 
delinquent interest and principal become current under the 
terms of the loan agreement and collectability of remaining 
principal and interest is no longer doubtful. 

We typically re-underwrite modified loans at the time of a 

restructuring to determine if there is sufficient evidence of 
sustained repayment capacity based on the borrower’s financial 
strength, including documented income, debt to income ratios 
and other factors. If the borrower has demonstrated 
performance under the previous terms and the underwriting 
process shows the capacity to continue to perform under the 
restructured terms, the loan will generally remain in accruing 
status. When a loan classified as a troubled debt restructuring 
(TDR) performs in accordance with its modified terms, the loan 
either continues to accrue interest (for performing loans) or will 
return to accrual status after the borrower demonstrates a 
sustained period of performance (generally six consecutive 
months of payments, or equivalent, inclusive of consecutive 
payments made prior to the modification). Loans will be placed 
on nonaccrual status and a corresponding charge-off is recorded 
if we believe it is probable that principal and interest 
contractually due under the modified terms of the agreement 
will not be collectible. 

Our loans are considered past due when contractually 

required principal or interest payments have not been made on 
the due dates. 
 
LOAN CHARGE-OFF POLICIES  For commercial loans, we 
generally fully charge off or charge down to net realizable value 
(fair value of collateral, less estimated costs to sell) for loans 
secured by collateral when: 
• 	 management judges the loan to be uncollectible; 
• 	

repayment is deemed to be protracted beyond reasonable 
time frames; 
the loan has been classified as a loss by either our internal 
loan review process or our banking regulatory agencies; 

• 	

Wells Fargo & Company 

• 	

• 	

 

the customer has filed bankruptcy and the loss becomes 
evident owing to a lack of assets; or 
the loan is 180 days past due unless both well-secured and 
in the process of collection. 

For consumer loans, we fully charge off or charge down to 

net realizable value when deemed uncollectible due to 
bankruptcy or other factors, or no later than reaching a defined 
number of days past due, as follows: 
• 	

1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages – We generally 
charge down to net realizable value when the loan is 180 
days past due. 
Automobile loans – We generally fully charge off when the 
loan is 120 days past due. 
Credit card loans – We generally fully charge off when the 
loan is 180 days past due. 

• 	

• 	

• 	 Unsecured loans (closed end) – We generally fully charge 

off when the loan is 120 days past due. 

• 	 Unsecured loans (open end) – We generally fully charge off 

when the loan is 180 days past due. 

• 	 Other secured loans – We generally fully or partially charge 
down to net realizable value when the loan is 120 days past 
due. 

 
IMPAIRED LOANS  We consider a loan to be impaired when, 
based on current information and events, we determine that we 
will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the loan 
contract, including scheduled interest payments. This evaluation 
is generally based on delinquency information, an assessment of 
the borrower’s financial condition and the adequacy of collateral, 
if any. Our impaired loans predominantly include loans on 
nonaccrual status in the commercial portfolio segment and loans 
modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual status. 

When we identify a loan as impaired, we generally measure 

the impairment, if any, based on the difference between the 
recorded investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, 
deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or 
discount) and the present value of expected future cash flows, 
discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate. When the value of 
an impaired loan is calculated by discounting expected cash 
flows, interest income is recognized using the loan’s effective 
interest rate over the remaining life of the loan. When collateral 
is the sole source of repayment for the impaired loan, rather 
than the borrower’s income or other sources of repayment, we 
charge down to net realizable value. 

 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS  In situations where, for 
economic or legal reasons related to a borrower’s financial 
difficulties, we grant a concession for other than an insignificant 
period of time to the borrower that we would not otherwise 
consider, the related loan is classified as a TDR. These modified 
terms may include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, term 
extensions, payment forbearance and other actions intended to 
minimize our economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or 
repossession of the collateral, if applicable. For modifications 
where we forgive principal, the entire amount of such principal 
forgiveness is immediately charged off. Loans classified as TDRs, 
including loans in trial payment periods (trial modifications), are 
considered impaired loans. Other than resolutions such as 
foreclosures, sales and transfers to held-for-sale, we may remove 
loans held for investment from TDR classification, but only if 
they have been refinanced or restructured at market terms and 
qualify as a new loan. 

  

PURCHASED CREDIT-IMPAIRED LOANS  Loans acquired with 
evidence of credit deterioration since their origination and where 
it is probable that we will not collect all contractually required 
principal and interest payments are PCI loans. PCI loans are 
recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition, and the 
historical allowance for credit losses related to these loans is not 
carried over. Fair value at date of acquisition is generally 
determined using a discounted cash flow method and any excess 
cash flow expected to be collected over the carrying value 
(estimated fair value at acquisition date) is referred to as the 
accretable yield and is recognized in interest income using an 
effective yield method over the remaining life of the loan, or pool 
of loans if aggregated based on common risk characteristics. The 
difference between contractually required payments and the 
cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition, considering 
the impact of prepayments, is referred to as the nonaccretable 
difference. Based on quarterly evaluations of remaining cash 
flows expected to be collected, expected decreases may result in 
recording a provision for loss and expected increases may result 
in a prospective yield adjustment after first reversing any 
allowance for losses related to the loan, or pool of loans. 

Resolutions of loans may include sales of loans to third 

parties, receipt of payments in settlement with the borrower, or 
foreclosure of the collateral. For individual PCI loans, gains or 
losses on sales to third parties are included in other noninterest 
income, and gains or losses as a result of a settlement with the 
borrower are included in interest income. Our policy is to 
remove an individual loan from a pool based on comparing the 
amount received from its resolution with its contractual amount. 
Any difference between these amounts is absorbed by the 
nonaccretable difference for the entire pool, which assumes that 
the amount received from resolution approximates pool 
performance expectations. Any material change in remaining 
effective yield caused by this removal method is addressed by 
our quarterly cash flow evaluation process for each 
pool. 

 

 

Modified PCI loans are not removed from a pool even if 
those loans would otherwise be deemed TDRs. Modified PCI 
loans that are accounted for individually are considered TDRs 
and removed from PCI accounting if there has been a concession 
granted in excess of the original nonaccretable difference. We 
include these TDRs in our impaired loans. 
 
FORECLOSED ASSETS  Foreclosed assets obtained through our 
lending activities primarily include real estate. Generally, loans 
have been written down to their net realizable value prior to 
foreclosure. Any further reduction to their net realizable value is 
recorded with a charge to the allowance for credit losses at 
foreclosure. We allow up to 90 days after foreclosure to finalize 
determination of net realizable value. Thereafter, changes in net 
realizable value are recorded to noninterest expense. The net 
realizable value of these assets is reviewed and updated 
periodically depending on the type of property. Certain 
government-guaranteed mortgage loans upon foreclosure are 
included in accounts receivable, not foreclosed assets. These 
receivables were loans predominantly insured by the FHA or 
guaranteed by the VA and are measured based on the balance 
expected to be recovered from the FHA or VA. 

 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (ACL)  The allowance for 
credit losses is management’s estimate of credit losses inherent 
in the loan portfolio, including unfunded credit commitments, at 
the balance sheet date. We have an established process to 
determine the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses 
that assesses the losses inherent in our portfolio and related 

Wells Fargo & Company 

151 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

unfunded credit commitments. We develop and document our 
 
allowance methodology at the portfolio segment level – 
commercial loan portfolio and consumer loan portfolio. While 
we attribute portions of the allowance to our respective 
commercial and consumer portfolio segments, the entire 
allowance is available to absorb credit losses inherent in the total 
loan portfolio and unfunded credit commitments. 

Our process involves procedures to appropriately consider 

the unique risk characteristics of our commercial and consumer 
loan portfolio segments. For each portfolio segment, losses are 
estimated collectively for groups of loans with similar 
characteristics, individually or pooled for impaired loans or, for 
PCI loans, based on the changes in cash flows expected to be 
collected. 

Our allowance levels are influenced by loan volumes, loan 
grade migration or delinquency status, historic loss experience 
and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as 
economic conditions. 

 
COMMERCIAL PORTFOLIO SEGMENT ACL METHODOLOGY 
Generally, commercial loans are assessed for estimated losses by 
grading each loan using various risk factors as identified through 
periodic reviews. Our estimation approach for the commercial 
portfolio reflects the estimated probability of default in 
accordance with the borrower’s financial strength and the 
severity of loss in the event of default, considering the quality of 
any underlying collateral. Probability of default and severity at 
the time of default are statistically derived through historical 
observations of default and losses after default within each credit 
risk rating. These estimates are adjusted as appropriate based on 
additional analysis of long-term average loss experience 
compared to previously forecasted losses, external loss data or 
other risks identified from current economic conditions and 
credit quality trends. The estimated probability of default and 
severity at the time of default are applied to loan equivalent 
exposures to estimate losses for unfunded credit commitments. 

 

The allowance also includes an amount for the estimated 
impairment on nonaccrual commercial loans and commercial 
loans modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual 
status. 
 
CONSUMER PORTFOLIO SEGMENT ACL METHODOLOGY 
For consumer loans that are not identified as a TDR, we 
generally determine the allowance on a collective basis utilizing 
forecasted losses to represent our best estimate of inherent loss. 
We pool loans, generally by product types with similar risk 
characteristics, such as residential real estate mortgages and 
credit cards. As appropriate and to achieve greater accuracy, we 
may further stratify selected portfolios by sub-product, 
origination channel, vintage, loss type, geographic location and 
other predictive characteristics. Models designed for each pool 
are utilized to develop the loss estimates. We use assumptions 
for these pools in our forecast models, such as historic 
delinquency and default, loss severity, home price trends, 
unemployment trends, and other key economic variables that 
may influence the frequency and severity of losses in the pool. 
In determining the appropriate allowance attributable to 
our residential mortgage portfolio, we take into consideration 
portfolios determined to be at elevated risk, such as junior lien 
mortgages behind delinquent first lien mortgages and junior 
lien lines of credit subject to near term significant payment 
increases. We incorporate the default rates and high severity of 
loss for these higher risk portfolios, including the impact of our 
established loan modification programs. Accordingly, the loss 
content associated with the effects of loan modifications and 

higher risk portfolios has been captured in our ACL 
methodology. 

We separately estimate impairment for consumer loans that 

have been modified in a TDR (including trial modifications), 
whether on accrual or nonaccrual status. 
 
OTHER ACL MATTERS  The allowance for credit losses for both 
portfolio segments includes an amount for imprecision or 
uncertainty that may change from period to period. This amount 
represents management’s judgment of risks inherent in the 
processes and assumptions used in establishing the allowance. 
This imprecision considers economic environmental factors, 
modeling assumptions and performance, process risk, and other 
subjective factors, including industry trends and emerging risk 
assessments. 

Securitizations and Beneficial Interests 
In certain asset securitization transactions that meet the 
applicable criteria to be accounted for as a sale, assets are sold to 
an entity referred to as a Special Purpose Entity (SPE), which 
then issues beneficial interests in the form of senior and 
subordinated interests collateralized by the assets. In some 
cases, we may retain beneficial interests issued by the entity. 
Additionally, from time to time, we may also re-securitize certain 
assets in a new securitization transaction. 

The assets and liabilities transferred to an SPE are excluded 
from our consolidated balance sheet if the transfer qualifies as a 
sale and we are not required to consolidate the SPE. 

For transfers of financial assets recorded as sales, we 

recognize and initially measure at fair value all assets obtained 
(including beneficial interests) and liabilities incurred. We 
record a gain or loss in noninterest income for the difference 
between the carrying amount and the fair value of the assets 
sold. Fair values are based on quoted market prices, quoted 
market prices for similar assets, or if market prices are not 
available, then the fair value is estimated using discounted cash 
flow analyses with assumptions for credit losses, prepayments 
and discount rates that are corroborated by and verified against 
market observable data, where possible. Retained interests and 
liabilities incurred from securitizations with off-balance sheet 
entities, including SPEs and VIEs, where we are not the primary 
beneficiary, are classified as investment securities, trading 
account assets, loans, MSRs, derivative assets and liabilities, 
other assets, other liabilities (including liabilities for mortgage 
repurchase losses), or long-term debt and are accounted for as 
described herein. 

 

Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSRs) 
We recognize the rights to service mortgage loans for others, or 
MSRs, as assets whether we purchase the MSRs or the MSRs 
result from a sale or securitization of loans we originate (asset 
transfers). We initially record all of our MSRs at fair value. 
Subsequently, residential loan MSRs are carried at fair value. All 
of our MSRs related to our commercial mortgage loans are 
subsequently measured at LOCOM. The valuation and sensitivity 
of MSRs is discussed further in Note 8 (Securitizations and 
Variable Interest Entities), Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) 
and Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities). 

For MSRs carried at fair value, changes in fair value are 

reported in mortgage banking noninterest income in the period 
in which the change occurs. MSRs subsequently measured at 
LOCOM are amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, 
estimated net servicing income. The amortization of MSRs is 
reported in mortgage banking noninterest income, analyzed 

152 

Wells Fargo & Company 

monthly and adjusted to reflect changes in prepayment speeds, 
as well as other factors. 

MSRs accounted for at LOCOM are periodically evaluated 

for impairment based on the fair value of those assets. For 
purposes of impairment evaluation and measurement, we 
stratify MSRs based on the predominant risk characteristics of 
the underlying loans, including investor and product type. If, by 
individual stratum, the carrying amount of these MSRs exceeds 
fair value, a valuation allowance is established. The valuation 
allowance is adjusted as the fair value changes. 

 

Premises and Equipment 
Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and amortization. Capital leases, where we are the 
lessee, are included in premises and equipment at the capitalized 
amount less accumulated amortization. 

We primarily use the straight-line method of depreciation 

and amortization. Estimated useful lives range up to 40 years for 
buildings, up to 10 years for furniture and equipment, and the 
shorter of the estimated useful life (up to 8 years) or the lease 
term for leasehold improvements. We amortize capitalized 
leased assets on a straight-line basis over the lives of the 
respective leases. 

 

Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets 
Goodwill is recorded in business combinations under the 
purchase method of accounting when the purchase price is 
higher than the fair value of net assets, including identifiable 
intangible assets. 

We assess goodwill for impairment at a reporting unit level 
on an annual basis or more frequently in certain circumstances. 
We have determined that our reporting units are one level below 
the operating segments and distinguish these reporting units 
based on how the segments and reporting units are managed, 
taking into consideration the economic characteristics, nature of 
the products, and customers of the segments and reporting 
units. At the time we acquire a business, we allocate goodwill to 
applicable reporting units based on their relative fair value, and 
if we have a significant business reorganization, we may 
reallocate the goodwill. If we sell a business, a portion of 
goodwill is included with the carrying amount of the divested 
business. 

We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment 
of goodwill. We may also elect to bypass the qualitative test and 
proceed directly to a quantitative test. If we perform a qualitative 
assessment of goodwill to test for impairment and conclude it is 
more likely than not that a reporting unit’s fair value is greater 
than its carrying amount, quantitative tests are not required. 
However, if we determine it is more likely than not that a 
reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount, then 
we complete a quantitative assessment to determine if there is 
goodwill impairment. We apply various quantitative valuation 
methodologies, including discounted cash flow and earnings 
multiple approaches, to determine the estimated fair value, 
which is compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If 
the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an additional test 
is required to measure the amount of impairment. We recognize 
impairment losses as a charge to other noninterest expense 
(unless related to discontinued operations) and an adjustment to 
the carrying value of the goodwill asset. Subsequent reversals of 
goodwill impairment are prohibited. 

We amortize core deposit and other customer relationship 

intangibles on an accelerated basis over useful lives not 
exceeding 10 years. We review such intangibles for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that 

their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment is 
indicated if the sum of undiscounted estimated future net cash 
flows is less than the carrying value of the asset. Impairment is 
permanently recognized by writing down the asset to the 
extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. 

Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
DERIVATIVES  We recognize all derivatives on the balance 
sheet at fair value. On the date we enter into a derivative 
contract, we designate the derivative as (1) qualifying for hedge 
accounting in a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or 
liability or an unrecognized firm commitment, including hedges 
of foreign currency exposure (“fair value hedge”), (2) qualifying 
for hedge accounting in a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of 
the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a 
recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), or (3) held for 
customer accommodation trading or asset/liability risk 
management or other purposes, including economic hedges not 
qualifying for hedge accounting. For derivatives not designated 
as a fair value or cash flow hedge, we report changes in the fair 
values in current period noninterest income. 

  

DOCUMENTATION AND EFFECTIVENESS ASSESSMENT FOR 
ACCOUNTING HEDGES  For fair value and cash flow hedges 
qualifying for hedge accounting, we formally document at 
inception the relationship between hedging instruments and 
hedged items, our risk management objective, strategy and our 
evaluation of effectiveness for our hedge transactions. This 
process includes linking all derivatives designated as fair value 
or cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the 
balance sheet or to specific forecasted transactions. We assess 
hedge effectiveness using regression analysis, both at inception 
of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis. For fair 
value hedges, the regression analysis involves regressing the 
periodic change in fair value of the hedging instrument against 
the periodic changes in fair value of the asset or liability being 
hedged due to changes in the hedged risk(s). For cash flow 
hedges, the regression analysis involves regressing the periodic 
changes in fair value of the hedging instrument against the 
periodic changes in fair value of the hypothetical derivative. The 
hypothetical derivative has terms that identically match and 
offset the cash flows of the forecasted transaction being hedged 
due to changes in the hedged risk(s). The assessment for fair 
value and cash flow hedges includes an evaluation of the 
quantitative measures of the regression results used to validate 
the conclusion of high effectiveness. Periodically, as required, we 
also formally assess whether the derivative we designated in 
each hedging relationship is expected to be and has been highly 
effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the 
hedged item using the regression analysis method. 

FAIR VALUE HEDGES  For a fair value hedge, we record 
changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged asset 
or liability due to the hedged risk in current period net income, 
except for certain derivatives in which a portion is recorded to 
OCI. We present derivative gains or losses in the same income 
statement category as the hedged asset or liability, as follows: 
• 	

For fair value hedges of interest rate risk, amounts are 
reflected in net interest income. 
For hedges of foreign currency risk, amounts representing 
the fair value changes less the accrual for periodic cash flow 
settlements are reflected in noninterest income. The 
periodic cash flow settlements are reflected in net interest 
income. 

• 	

Wells Fargo & Company 

153 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

• 	

For hedges of both interest rate risk and foreign currency 
risk, amounts representing the fair value change less the 
accrual for periodic cash flow settlements is attributed to 
both net interest income and noninterest income. The 
periodic cash flow settlements are reflected in net interest 
income. 

The entire derivative gain or loss is included in the 

assessment of hedge effectiveness for all fair value hedge 
relationships, except for hedges of foreign-currency 
denominated available-for-sale investment securities and long­
term debt liabilities, as follows: 
• 	 When hedged with cross-currency swaps, the change in fair 

value of the derivative attributable to cross-currency basis 
spread changes component is excluded from the assessment 
of hedge effectiveness. The initial fair value of the excluded 
component is amortized to net interest income. For these 
hedges, the difference between changes in fair value of the 
excluded component and the amount recorded in earnings 
is recorded in OCI. 

• 	 When hedged with foreign currency forward derivatives, the 
change in fair value of the derivative attributable to the time 
value component related to the changes in the difference 
between the spot and forward price is excluded from the 
assessment of hedge effectiveness. For these hedges, the 
changes in fair value of the excluded component are 
recorded in net interest income. 

CASH FLOW HEDGES  For a cash flow hedge, we record 
changes in the fair value of the derivative in OCI. We 
subsequently reclassify gains and losses from these changes in 
fair value from OCI to net income in the same period(s) that the 
hedged transaction affects net income and in the same income 
statement category as the hedged item, thus to net interest 
income. The entire gain or loss on these derivatives is included 
in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 

DISCONTINUING HEDGE ACCOUNTING  We discontinue 
hedge accounting prospectively when (1) a derivative is no longer 
highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash 
flows of a hedged item, (2) a derivative expires or is sold, 
terminated or exercised, (3) we elect to discontinue the 
designation of a derivative as a hedge, or (4) in a cash flow 
hedge, a derivative is de-designated because it is no longer 
probable that a forecasted transaction will occur. 

When we discontinue fair value hedge accounting, we no 

longer adjust the previously hedged asset or liability for changes 
in fair value, and remaining cumulative adjustments to the 
hedged item are accounted for in the same manner as other 
components of the carrying amount of the asset or liability. If the 
derivative continues to be held after fair value hedge accounting 
ceases, we carry the derivative on the balance sheet at its fair 
value with changes in fair value included in noninterest income. 
When we discontinue cash flow hedge accounting and it is 

probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the 
accumulated amount reported in OCI at the de-designation date 
continues to be reported in OCI until the forecasted transaction 
affects net income at which point the related OCI amount is 
reclassified to net income. If cash flow hedge accounting is 
discontinued and it is probable the forecasted transaction will no 
longer occur, the accumulated gains and losses reported in OCI 
at the de-designation date is immediately reclassified to net 
income. If the derivative continues to be held after cash flow 
hedge accounting ceases, we carry the derivative on the balance 

sheet at its fair value with changes in fair value included in 
noninterest income. 

EMBEDDED DERIVATIVES  We may purchase or originate 
financial instruments that contain an embedded derivative. At 
inception of the financial instrument, we assess (1) if the 
economic characteristics of the embedded derivative are not 
clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the 
financial instrument (host contract), (2) if the financial 
instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative and the 
host contract is not measured at fair value with changes in fair 
value reported in net income, and (3) if a separate instrument 
with the same terms as the embedded instrument would meet 
the definition of a derivative. If the embedded derivative meets 
all of these conditions, we separate it from the host contract by 
recording the bifurcated derivative at fair value and the 
remaining host contract at the difference between the basis of 
the hybrid instrument and the fair value of the bifurcated 
derivative. The bifurcated derivative is carried at fair value with 
changes recorded in current period noninterest income. 

COUNTERPARTY CREDIT RISK AND NETTING  By using 
derivatives, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk, which is 
the risk that counterparties to the derivative contracts do not 
perform as expected. If a counterparty fails to perform, our 
counterparty credit risk is equal to the amount reported as a 
derivative asset on our balance sheet. The amounts reported as a 
derivative asset are derivative contracts in a gain position, and to 
the extent subject to legally enforceable master netting 
arrangements, net of derivatives in a loss position with the same 
counterparty and cash collateral received. We minimize 
counterparty credit risk through credit approvals, limits, 
monitoring procedures, executing master netting arrangements 
and obtaining collateral, where appropriate. Counterparty credit 
risk related to derivatives is considered in determining fair value 
and our assessment of hedge effectiveness. To the extent 
derivatives subject to master netting arrangements meet the 
applicable requirements, including determining the legal 
enforceability of the arrangement, it is our policy to present 
derivative balances and related cash collateral amounts net on 
the balance sheet. In the second quarter of 2017, we adopted 
Settlement to Market treatment for the cash collateralizing our 
interest rate derivative contracts with certain centrally cleared 
counterparties. As a result of this adoption, derivative balances 
with these counterparties are considered settled by the collateral. 

For additional information on our derivatives and hedging 

activities, see Note 16 (Derivatives). 

 

Operating Lease Assets 
Operating lease rental income for leased assets is recognized in 
other income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Related 
depreciation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the 
estimated useful life, considering the estimated residual value of 
the leased asset. The useful life may be adjusted to the term of 
the lease depending on our plans for the asset after the lease 
term. On a periodic basis, leased assets are reviewed for 
impairment. Impairment loss is recognized if the carrying 
amount of leased assets exceeds fair value and is not recoverable. 
The carrying amount of leased assets is not recoverable if it 
exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to 
result from the lease payments and the estimated residual value 
upon the eventual disposition of the equipment. 

 

154 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Liability for Mortgage Loan Repurchase Losses 
In connection with our sales and securitization of residential 
mortgage loans to various parties, we establish a mortgage 
repurchase liability, initially at fair value, related to various 
representations and warranties that reflect management’s 
estimate of losses for loans for which we could have a repurchase 
obligation, whether or not we currently service those loans, 
based on a combination of factors. Such factors include default 
expectations, expected investor repurchase demands (influenced 
by current and expected mortgage loan file requests and 
mortgage insurance rescission notices, as well as estimated 
levels of origination defects) and appeals success rates (where 
the investor rescinds the demand based on a cure of the defect or 
acknowledges that the loan satisfies the investor’s applicable 
representations and warranties), reimbursement by 
correspondent and other third-party originators, and projected 
loss severity. We continually update our mortgage repurchase 
liability estimate during the life of the loans. 

The liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is included 
in other liabilities. For additional information on our repurchase 
liability, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 

Pension Accounting 
We account for our defined benefit pension plans using an 
actuarial model. Two principal assumptions in determining net 
periodic pension cost are the discount rate and the expected 
long-term rate of return on plan assets. 

A discount rate is used to estimate the present value of our 

future pension benefit obligations. We use a consistent 
methodology to determine the discount rate using a yield curve 
with maturity dates that closely match the estimated timing of 
the expected benefit payments for our plans. The yield curve is 
derived from a broad-based universe of high quality corporate 
bonds as of the measurement date. 

Our determination of the reasonableness of our expected 

long-term rate of return on plan assets is highly quantitative by 
nature. We evaluate the current asset allocations and expected 
returns under two sets of conditions: (1) projected returns using 
several forward-looking capital market assumptions, and (2) 
historical returns for the main asset classes dating back to 1970 
or the earliest period for which historical data was readily 
available for the asset classes included. Using long-term 
historical data allows us to capture multiple economic 
environments, which we believe is relevant when using historical 
returns. We place greater emphasis on the forward-looking 
return and risk assumptions than on historical results. We use 
the resulting projections to derive a base line expected rate of 
return and risk level for the Cash Balance Plan’s prescribed asset 
mix. We evaluate the portfolio based on: (1) the established 
target asset allocations over short term (one-year) and longer 
term (ten-year) investment horizons, and (2) the range of 
potential outcomes over these horizons within specific standard 
deviations. We perform the above analyses to assess the 
reasonableness of our expected long-term rate of return on plan 
assets. We consider the expected rate of return to be a long-term 
average view of expected returns. The use of an expected long­
term rate of return on plan assets may cause us to recognize 
pension income returns that are greater or less than the actual 
returns of plan assets in any given year. Differences between 
expected and actual returns in each year, if any, are included in 
our net actuarial gain or loss amount, which is recognized in 
OCI. We generally amortize net actuarial gain or loss in excess of 
a 5% corridor from accumulated OCI into net periodic pension 
cost over the estimated average remaining participation period, 
which at December 31, 2017, is 20 years. See Note 21 (Employee 

Benefits and Other Expenses) for additional information on our 
pension accounting. 

Income Taxes 
We file consolidated and separate company U.S. federal income 
tax returns, foreign tax returns and various combined and 
separate company state tax returns. 

We evaluate two components of income tax expense: 

current and deferred income tax expense. Current income tax 
expense represents our estimated taxes to be paid or refunded 
for the current period and includes income tax expense related 
to our uncertain tax positions. Deferred income tax expense 
results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities 
between periods. We determine deferred income taxes using the 
balance sheet method. Under this method, the net deferred tax 
asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences 
between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and 
recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws in the period in 
which they occur. Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to 
management's judgment that realization is “more likely than 
not”. Uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not 
recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of 
benefit to recognize. An uncertain tax position is measured at the 
largest amount of benefit that management believes has a 
greater than 50% likelihood of realization upon settlement. Tax 
benefits not meeting our realization criteria represent 
unrecognized tax benefits. We account for interest and penalties 
as a component of income tax expense. We do not record U.S. 
tax on undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries to 
the extent the earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside of the 
U.S. Foreign taxes paid are generally applied as credits to reduce 
U.S. income taxes payable. In 2017, we did however, record an 
estimate of the U.S. tax expense associated with a deemed 
repatriation as required under the Tax Act. 

See Note 22 (Income Taxes) to Financial Statements in this 

Report for a further description of our provision for income 
taxes and related income tax assets and liabilities. 

Stock-Based Compensation 
We have stock-based employee compensation plans as more 
fully discussed in Note 19 (Common Stock and Stock Plans). Our 
Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan provides for awards of 
incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation 
rights, restricted shares, restricted share rights (RSRs), 
performance share awards (PSAs) and stock awards without 
restrictions. For most awards, we measure the cost of employee 
services received in exchange for an award of equity 
instruments, such as stock options, RSRs or PSAs, based on the 
fair value of the award on the grant date. The cost is normally 
recognized in our income statement over the vesting period of 
the award; awards with graded vesting are expensed on a 
straight-line method. Awards that continue to vest after 
retirement are expensed over the shorter of the period of time 
between the grant date and the final vesting period or between 
the grant date and when a team member becomes retirement 
eligible; awards to team members who are retirement eligible at 
the grant date are subject to immediate expensing upon grant. 

Beginning in 2013, certain RSRs and all PSAs granted 

include discretionary conditions that can result in forfeiture and 
are subject to variable accounting. For these awards, the 
associated compensation expense fluctuates with changes in our 
stock price. For PSAs, compensation expense also fluctuates 
based on the estimated outcome of meeting the performance 
conditions. 
 

Wells Fargo & Company 

155 

Note 1:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Where markets are inactive and transactions are not 

orderly, transaction or quoted prices for assets or liabilities in 
inactive markets may require adjustment due to the uncertainty 
of whether the underlying transactions are orderly. For items 
that use price quotes in inactive markets, we analyze the degree 
of market inactivity and distressed transactions to determine the 
appropriate adjustment to the price quotes. 

We continually assess the level and volume of market 
activity in our investment security classes in determining 
adjustments, if any, to price quotes. Given market conditions can 
change over time, our determination of which securities markets 
are considered active or inactive can change. If we determine a 
market to be inactive, the degree to which price quotes require 
adjustment, can also change. See Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets 
and Liabilities) for discussion of the fair value hierarchy and 
valuation methodologies applied to financial instruments to 
determine fair value. 

Private Share Repurchases 
During 2017 and 2016, we repurchased approximately 89 
million shares and 56 million shares of our common stock, 
respectively, under private forward repurchase contracts. We 
enter into these transactions with unrelated third parties to 
complement our open-market common stock repurchase 
strategies, to allow us to manage our share repurchases in a 
manner consistent with our capital plans, currently submitted 
under the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), 
and to provide an economic benefit to the Company. 

Our payments to the counterparties for these private share 

repurchase contracts are recorded in permanent equity in the 
quarter paid and are not subject to re-measurement. The 
classification of the up-front payments as permanent equity 
assures that we have appropriate repurchase timing consistent 
with our capital plans, which contemplated a fixed dollar 
amount available per quarter for share repurchases pursuant to 
Federal Reserve Board (FRB) supervisory guidance. In return, 
the counterparty agrees to deliver a variable number of shares 
based on a per share discount to the volume-weighted average 
stock price over the contract period. There are no scenarios 
where the contracts would not either physically settle in shares 
or allow us to choose the settlement method. 

We had no unsettled private share repurchase contracts at 

December 31, 2017. At December 31, 2016, we had a 
$750 million private forward repurchase contract outstanding 
that settled in first quarter 2017 for 14.7 million shares of 
common stock. Our total number of outstanding shares of 
common stock is not reduced until settlement of the private 
share repurchase contract. 

Earnings Per Common Share 
We compute earnings per common share by dividing net income 
(after deducting dividends on preferred stock) by the average 
number of common shares outstanding during the year. We 
compute diluted earnings per common share by dividing net 
income (after deducting dividends on preferred stock) by the 
average number of common shares outstanding during the year 
plus the effect of common stock equivalents (for example, stock 
options, restricted share rights, convertible debentures and 
warrants) that are dilutive. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
We use fair value measurements in our fair value disclosures and 
to record certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring 
basis, such as trading assets, or on a nonrecurring basis, such as 
measuring impairment on assets carried at amortized cost. 
 
DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUE  We base our fair values on 
the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market 
participants at the measurement date. These fair value 
measurements are based on exit prices and determined by 
maximizing the use of observable inputs. However, for certain 
instruments we must utilize unobservable inputs in determining 
fair value due to the lack of observable inputs in the market, 
which requires greater judgment in measuring fair value. 

  

In instances where there is limited or no observable market 
data, fair value measurements for assets and liabilities are based 
primarily upon our own estimates or combination of our own 
estimates and third-party vendor or broker pricing, and the 
measurements are often calculated based on current pricing for 
products we offer or issue, the economic and competitive 
environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and 
other such factors. As with any valuation technique used to 
estimate fair value, changes in underlying assumptions used, 
including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, 
could significantly affect the results of current or future values. 
Accordingly, these fair value estimates may not be realized in an 
actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. 

We incorporate lack of liquidity into our fair value 

measurement based on the type of asset or liability measured 
and the valuation methodology used. For example, for certain 
residential MHFS and certain securities where the significant 
inputs have become unobservable due to illiquid markets and 
vendor or broker pricing is not used, we use a discounted cash 
flow technique to measure fair value. This technique 
incorporates forecasting of expected cash flows (adjusted for 
credit loss assumptions and estimated prepayment speeds) 
discounted at an appropriate market discount rate to reflect the 
lack of liquidity in the market that a market participant would 
consider. For other securities where vendor or broker pricing is 
used, we use either unadjusted broker quotes or vendor prices or 
vendor or broker prices adjusted by weighting them with 
internal discounted cash flow techniques to measure fair value. 
These unadjusted vendor or broker prices inherently reflect any 
lack of liquidity in the market, as the fair value measurement 
represents an exit price from a market participant viewpoint. 

156 

Wells Fargo & Company 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION  Noncash 
activities are presented in Table 1.1, including information on 
transfers affecting MHFS, LHFS, and MSRs. 

 
Table 1.1:  Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

  

(in millions) 

Trading assets retained from securitizations of MHFS 
Transfers from loans to MHFS 
Transfers from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity securities 

Deconsolidation of reverse mortgages previously sold: 

Loans 
Long-term debt 

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  We have evaluated the effects of events 
that have occurred subsequent to December 31, 2017, and there 
have been no material events that would require recognition in 
our 2017 consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2:  Business Combinations 

We regularly explore opportunities to acquire financial services 
companies and businesses. Generally, we do not make a public 
announcement about an acquisition opportunity until a 
definitive agreement has been signed. We also periodically 
review existing businesses to ensure they remain strategically 
aligned with our operating business model and risk profile. 

 
Table 2.1:  Business Combinations Activity 

  

$ 

2017 

52,435 
5,500 
50,405 

— 
— 

Year ended December 31, 

2016 

72,399 
6,894 
4,161 

3,807 
3,769 

2015 

46,291 
9,205 
4,972 

— 
— 

 
Business combinations completed in 2017, 2016 and 2015 
are presented in Table 2.1. As of December 31, 2017, we had no 
 
pending acquisitions. 

Name of acquisition 

2017:
 
Golden Capital Management, LLC 

2016: 
GE Railcar Services 

GE Capital's Commercial Distribution Finance and 

Vendor Finance Businesses 

Analytic Investors, LLC 

2015: 
hs.Financial Products GmbH 

Location 

Type of business 

Date 

Total assets 
(in millions) 

Charlotte, NC 

Asset Management 

July 1  $ 

83
 

Chicago, IL 
North America, Asia, 
Australia / New Zealand and 
EMEA 
Los Angeles, CA 

Railcar and locomotive leasing 

January 1  $ 

4,339 

Specialty Lending 
Asset Management 

March 1, July 
1, August 1 & 
October 1 
October 1 

32,531 
106 

$ 

36,976 

Germany 

Asset Management 

November 30  $ 

3 

We also completed one significant divestiture in 2017. On 

November 30, 2017, we completed the divestiture of Wells Fargo 
Insurance Services, USA. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax 
gain for 2017 of $848 million. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

157 

Note 3:  Cash, Loan and Dividend Restrictions 

The FRB’s Capital Plan Rule (codified at 12 CFR 225.8 of 

Regulation Y) establishes capital planning and prior notice and 
approval requirements for capital distributions including 
dividends by certain large bank holding companies. The FRB has 
also published guidance regarding its supervisory expectations 
for capital planning, including capital policies regarding the 
process relating to common stock dividend and repurchase 
decisions in the FRB’s SR Letter 15-18. The effect of this 
guidance is to require the approval of the FRB (or specifically 
under the Capital Plan Rule, a notice of non-objection) for the 
Company to repurchase or redeem common or perpetual 
preferred stock as well as to raise the per share quarterly 
dividend from its current level of $0.39 per share as declared by 
the Company’s Board of Directors on January 23, 2018, payable 
on March 1, 2018. 

Federal Reserve Board (FRB) regulations require that each of 
our subsidiary banks maintain reserve balances on deposit with 
the Federal Reserve Banks. The total daily average required 
reserve balance for all our subsidiary banks was $12.3 billion in 
2017 and $10.7 billion in 2016. 

Federal law restricts the amount and the terms of both 

credit and non-credit transactions between a bank and its 
nonbank affiliates. These covered transactions may not exceed 
10% of the bank’s capital and surplus (which for this purpose 
represents Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, as calculated under the risk-
based capital (RBC) guidelines, plus the balance of the allowance 
for credit losses excluded from Tier 2 capital) with any single 
nonbank affiliate and 20% of the bank’s capital and surplus with 
all its nonbank affiliates. Transactions that are extensions of 
credit may require collateral to be held to provide added security 
to the bank. For further discussion of RBC, see Note 27 
(Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) in this Report. 

Dividends paid by our subsidiary banks are subject to 

various federal and state regulatory limitations. Dividends that 
may be paid by a national bank without the express approval of 
the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) are limited 
to that bank’s retained net profits for the preceding two calendar 
years plus retained net profits up to the date of any dividend 
declaration in the current calendar year. Retained net profits, as 
defined by the OCC, consist of net income less dividends 
declared during the period. 

We also have a state-chartered subsidiary bank that is 

subject to state regulations that limit dividends. Under these 
provisions and regulatory limitations, our national and state-
chartered subsidiary banks could have declared additional 
dividends of $20.9 billion at December 31, 2017. We have elected 
to retain higher capital at our national and state-chartered 
subsidiary banks in order to meet internal capital policy 
minimums and regulatory requirements. Our nonbank 
subsidiaries are also limited by certain federal and state 
statutory provisions and regulations covering the amount of 
dividends that may be paid in any given year. In addition, under 
a Support Agreement dated June 28, 2017 among Wells Fargo & 
Company, the parent holding company (the “Parent”), WFC 
Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and subsidiary 
of the Parent (the “IHC”), and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Wells 
Fargo Securities, LLC, and Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, 
each an indirect subsidiary of the Parent, the IHC may be 
restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if 
certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined 
triggers. Based on retained earnings at December 31, 2017, our 
nonbank subsidiaries could have declared additional dividends 
of $23.9 billion at December 31, 2017, without obtaining prior 
approval. 

158 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 4:  Federal Funds Sold, Securities Purchased under Resale Agreements and Other 
 
Short-Term Investments 

 

Table 4.1 provides the detail of federal funds sold, securities 
purchased under short-term resale agreements (generally less 
than one year) and other short-term investments. Substantially 
all of the interest-earning deposits at December 31, 2017 and 
2016 were held at Federal Reserve Banks. 

 
Table 4.1:  Fed Funds Sold and Other Short-Term Investments 

  

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

(in millions) 
Federal funds sold and securities 

purchased under resale agreements  $ 

Interest-earning deposits 
Other short-term investments 

78,999 
192,580 
1,026 

 Total 

$  272,605 

58,215 
200,671 
7,152

266,038 

We have classified securities purchased under long-term 
resale agreements (generally one year or more), which totaled 
$19.0 billion and $21.3 billion in loans at December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively. For additional information on the collateral 
we receive from other entities under resale agreements and 
securities borrowings, see the “Offsetting of Resale and 
Repurchase Agreements and Securities Borrowing and Lending 
Agreements” section in Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and 
Collateral, and Other Commitments). 

As part of maintaining our memberships in certain clearing 
organizations, we are required to stand ready to provide liquidity 
meant to sustain market clearing activity in the event unforeseen 
events occur or are deemed likely to occur. This includes 
commitments we have entered into to purchase securities under 
resale agreements from a central clearing organization that, at 
its option, require us to provide funding under such agreements. 
We do not have any outstanding amounts funded, and the 
amount of our unfunded contractual commitment was 
$2.8 billion and $2.9 billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

159 

Note 5:  Investment Securities 

Table 5.1 provides the amortized cost and fair value by major 
categories of available-for-sale securities, which are carried at 
fair value, and held-to-maturity debt securities, which are 

carried at amortized cost. The net unrealized gains (losses) for 
available-for-sale securities are reported on an after-tax basis as 
a component of cumulative OCI. 

 
Table 5.1:  Amortized Cost and Fair Value 

  

(in millions)

December 31, 2017 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities	 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations (1) 
Other (2) 

Total debt securities	 
Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities	 

Total available-for-sale securities	 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies	 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions	 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities (3)	 
Collateralized loan obligations	 
Other (2)	 

Total held-to-maturity securities	 

Total (4)	 

December 31, 2016 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities	 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations (1) 
Other (2) 

Total debt securities	 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities	 

Total available-for-sale-securities	 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies	 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions	 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities (3)	 
Collateralized loan obligations	 
Other (2) 	

Total held-to-maturity securities	 

Total (4)	 

 Amortized 
Cost 

Gross 
unrealized 
gains 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

6,425 
50,733 

160,561 
4,356 
4,487 
169,404 
7,343 
35,675 
5,516 
275,096 

364 
168 
532 
275,628 

44,720 
6,313 
87,527 
661 
114 
139,335 
414,963 

25,874 
52,121 

163,513 
7,375 
8,475 
179,363 
11,186 
34,764 
6,139 
309,447 

445 
261 
706 
310,153 

44,690 
6,336 
45,161 
1,065 
2,331 
99,583 
409,736 

2 
1,032 

930 
254 
80 
1,264 
363 
384 
137 
3,182 

3 
160 
163 
3,345 

189 
84 
201 
4 
— 
478 
3,823 

54 
551 

1,175 
449 
101 
1,725 
381 
287 
104 
3,102 

35 
481 
516 
3,618 

466 
17 
100 
6 
10 
599 
4,217 

(108) 
(439) 

(1,272) 
(2) 
(2) 
(1,276) 
(40) 
(3) 
(5) 
(1,871) 

(9) 
(8) 
(17) 
(1,888) 

(103) 
(43) 
(682) 
— 
— 
(828) 
(2,716) 

(109) 
(1,571) 

(3,458) 
(8) 
(74) 
(3,540) 
(110) 
(31) 
(35) 
(5,396) 

(11) 
— 
(11) 
(5,407) 

(77) 
(144) 
(804) 
(1) 
(1) 
(1,027) 
(6,434) 

6,319 
51,326 

160,219 
4,608 
4,565 
169,392 
7,666 
36,056 
5,648 
276,407 

358 
320 
678 
277,085 

44,806 
6,354 
87,046 
665 
114 
138,985 
416,070 

25,819 
51,101 

161,230 
7,816 
8,502 
177,548 
11,457 
35,020 
6,208 
307,153 

469 
742 
1,211 
308,364 

45,079 
6,209 
44,457 
1,070 
2,340 
99,155 
407,519 

(1) 	 The available-for-sale portfolio includes collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) with a cost basis and fair value of $887 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, at December 31, 

2017, and $819 million and $847 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016. 

(2) 	 The “Other” category of available-for-sale securities largely includes asset-backed securities collateralized by student loans. Included in the “Other” category of held-to­

maturity securities are asset-backed securities collateralized by automobile leases or loans and cash with a cost basis and fair value of $114 million each at December 31, 
2017, and $1.3 billion each at December 31, 2016. Also included in the “Other” category of held-to-maturity securities are asset-backed securities collateralized by dealer 
floorplan loans with a cost basis and fair value of $0 billion each at December 31, 2017, and $1.1 billion each at December 31, 2016. 

(3) 	 Predominantly consists of federal agency mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. 
(4) 	 At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we held no securities of any single issuer (excluding the U.S. Treasury and federal agencies and government-sponsored entities (GSEs)) 

with a book value that exceeded 10% of stockholder's equity. 

160 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Gross Unrealized Losses and Fair Value 
Table 5.2 shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of 
securities in the investment securities portfolio by length of time 
that individual securities in each category have been in a 
continuous loss position. Debt securities on which we have taken 

credit-related OTTI write-downs are categorized as being “less 
than 12 months” or “12 months or more” in a continuous loss 
position based on the point in time that the fair value declined to 
below the cost basis and not the period of time since the credit-
related OTTI write-down. 

Table 5.2:  Gross Unrealized Losses and Fair Value 

  

(in millions) 
December 31, 2017 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or more 

Total 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

$ 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Other 

Total debt securities 
Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
 Federal agency and other mortgage-backed

 securities 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

Total 

December 31, 2016 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

$ 

$ 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Other 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

Total 

$ 

(27) 
(17) 

(243) 
(1) 
(1) 
(245) 
(4) 
(1) 
(1) 
(295) 

(1) 
(8) 
(9) 
(304) 

(69) 
(5) 

(198) 
— 
— 
(272) 
(576) 

4,065 
6,179 

52,559 
47 
101 
52,707 
239 
373 
37 
63,600 

62 
53 
115 
63,715 

11,255 
500 

29,713 
— 
— 
41,468 
105,183 

(109) 
(341) 

10,816 
17,412 

(3,338) 
(4) 
(43) 
(3,385) 
(11) 
(2) 
(9) 
(3,857) 

(3) 
— 
(3) 
(3,860) 

(77) 
(144) 
(804) 
— 
— 
(1,025) 
(4,885) 

120,735 
527 
1,459 
122,721 
946 
1,899 
971 
154,765 

41 
— 
41 
154,806 

6,351 
4,871 
40,095 
— 
— 
51,317 
206,123 

(81) 
(422) 

(1,029) 
(1) 
(1) 
(1,031) 
(36) 
(2) 
(4) 
(1,576) 

(8) 
— 
(8) 
(1,584) 

(34) 
(38) 

(484) 
— 
— 
(556) 
(2,140) 

— 
(1,230) 

(120) 
(4) 
(31) 
(155) 
(99) 
(29) 
(26) 
(1,539) 

(8) 
— 
(8) 
(1,547) 

— 
— 
— 
(1) 
(1) 
(2) 
(1,549) 

2,209 
11,766 

44,691 
58 
133 
44,882 
503 
146 
483 
59,989 

78 
— 
78 
60,067 

1,490 
1,683 

28,244 
— 
— 
31,417 
91,484 

— 
16,213 

3,481 
245 
1,690 
5,416 
1,229 
3,197 
1,262 
27,317 

45 
— 
45 
27,362 

— 
— 
— 
266 
633 
899 
28,261 

(108) 
(439) 

6,274 
17,945 

(1,272) 
(2) 
(2) 
(1,276) 
(40) 
(3) 
(5) 
(1,871) 

(9) 
(8) 
(17) 
(1,888) 

(103) 
(43) 

(682) 
— 
— 
(828) 
(2,716) 

(109) 
(1,571) 

(3,458) 
(8) 
(74) 
(3,540) 
(110) 
(31) 
(35) 
(5,396) 

(11) 
— 
(11) 
(5,407) 

(77) 
(144) 
(804) 
(1) 
(1) 
(1,027) 
(6,434) 

97,250 
105 
234 
97,589 
742 
519 
520 
123,589 

140 
53 
193 
123,782 

12,745 
2,183

57,957 
— 
— 
72,885 
196,667 

10,816 
33,625 

124,216 
772 
3,149 
128,137 
2,175 
5,096 
2,233 
182,082 

86 
— 
86 
182,168 

6,351 
4,871 
40,095 
266 
633 
52,216 
234,384 

Wells Fargo & Company 

161 

Note 5:  Investment Securities (continued) 

We have assessed each security with gross unrealized losses 

included in the previous table for credit impairment. As part of 
that assessment we evaluated and concluded that we do not 
intend to sell any of the securities and that it is more likely than 
not that we will not be required to sell prior to recovery of the 
amortized cost basis. For debt securities, we evaluate, where 
necessary, whether credit impairment exists by comparing the 
present value of the expected cash flows to the securities’ 
amortized cost basis. For equity securities, we consider 
numerous factors in determining whether impairment exists, 
including our intent and ability to hold the securities for a period 
of time sufficient to recover the cost basis of the securities. 

For descriptions of the factors we consider when analyzing 
securities for impairment, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies) and below. 

SECURITIES OF U.S. TREASURY AND FEDERAL AGENCIES 
AND FEDERAL AGENCY MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES 
(MBS)  The unrealized losses associated with U.S. Treasury and 
federal agency securities and federal agency MBS are generally 
driven by changes in interest rates and not due to credit losses 
given the explicit or implicit guarantees provided by the U.S. 
government. 

SECURITIES OF U.S. STATES AND POLITICAL 
SUBDIVISIONS  The unrealized losses associated with securities 
of U.S. states and political subdivisions are usually driven by 
changes in the relationship between municipal and term funding 
credit curves rather than by changes to the credit quality of the 
underlying securities. Substantially all of these investments with 
unrealized losses are investment grade. The securities were 
generally underwritten in accordance with our own investment 
standards prior to the decision to purchase. Some of these 
securities are guaranteed by a bond insurer, but we did not rely 
on this guarantee when making our investment decision. These 
investments will continue to be monitored as part of our ongoing 
impairment analysis but are expected to perform, even if the 
rating agencies reduce the credit rating of the bond insurers. As 
a result, we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of 
these securities. 

RESIDENTIAL AND COMMERCIAL MBS  The unrealized losses 
associated with private residential MBS and commercial MBS 
are generally driven by changes in projected collateral losses, 
credit spreads and interest rates. We assess for credit 
impairment by estimating the present value of expected cash 
flows. The key assumptions for determining expected cash flows 
include default rates, loss severities and/or prepayment rates. 
We estimate security losses by forecasting the underlying 
mortgage loans in each transaction. We use forecasted loan 
performance to project cash flows to the various tranches in the 
structure. We also consider cash flow forecasts and, as 
applicable, independent industry analyst reports and forecasts, 
sector credit ratings, and other independent market data. Based 
upon our assessment of the expected credit losses and the credit 
enhancement level of the securities, we expect to recover the 
entire amortized cost basis of these securities. 

CORPORATE DEBT SECURITIES  The unrealized losses 
associated with corporate debt securities are predominantly 
related to unsecured debt obligations issued by various 
corporations. We evaluate the financial performance of each 
issuer on a quarterly basis to determine if the issuer can make all 
contractual principal and interest payments. Based upon this 
assessment, we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis 
of these securities. 

 

COLLATERALIZED LOAN AND OTHER DEBT OBLIGATIONS 
The unrealized losses associated with collateralized loan and 
other debt obligations relate to securities predominantly backed 
by commercial collateral. The unrealized losses are typically 
driven by changes in projected collateral losses, credit spreads 
and interest rates. We assess for credit impairment by estimating 
the present value of expected cash flows. The key assumptions 
for determining expected cash flows include default rates, loss 
severities and prepayment rates. We also consider cash flow 
forecasts and, as applicable, independent industry analyst 
reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings, and other 
independent market data. Based upon our assessment of the 
expected credit losses and the credit enhancement level of the 
securities, we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of 
these securities. 

OTHER DEBT SECURITIES  The unrealized losses associated 
with other debt securities predominantly relate to other asset-
backed securities. The losses are usually driven by changes in 
projected collateral losses, credit spreads and interest rates. We 
assess for credit impairment by estimating the present value of 
expected cash flows. The key assumptions for determining 
expected cash flows include default rates, loss severities and 
prepayment rates. Based upon our assessment of the expected 
credit losses and the credit enhancement level of the securities, 
we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of these 
securities. 

 

MARKETABLE EQUITY SECURITIES  Our marketable equity 
securities include investments in perpetual preferred securities, 
which provide attractive tax-equivalent yields. We evaluate these 
hybrid financial instruments with investment-grade ratings for 
impairment using an evaluation methodology similar to the 
approach used for debt securities. Perpetual preferred securities 
are not considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired if 
there is no evidence of credit deterioration or investment rating 
downgrades of any issuers to below investment grade, and we 
expect to continue to receive full contractual payments. We will 
continue to evaluate the prospects for these securities for 
recovery in their market value in accordance with our policy for 
estimating OTTI. We have recorded impairment write-downs on 
perpetual preferred securities where there was evidence of credit 
deterioration. 

 

OTHER INVESTMENT SECURITIES MATTERS  The fair values 
of our investment securities could decline in the future if the 
underlying performance of the collateral for the residential and 
commercial MBS or other securities deteriorate, and our credit 
enhancement levels do not provide sufficient protection to our 
contractual principal and interest. As a result, there is a risk that 
significant OTTI may occur in the future. 

162 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 5.3 shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of 

debt and perpetual preferred investment securities by those 
rated investment grade and those rated less than investment 
grade, according to their lowest credit rating by Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services (S&P) or Moody’s Investors Service 
(Moody’s). Credit ratings express opinions about the credit 
quality of a security. Securities rated investment grade, that is 
those rated BBB- or higher by S&P or Baa3 or higher by 
Moody’s, are generally considered by the rating agencies and 
market participants to be low credit risk. Conversely, securities 
rated below investment grade, labeled as “speculative grade” by 
the rating agencies, are considered to be distinctively higher 

credit risk than investment grade securities. We have also 
included securities not rated by S&P or Moody’s in the table 
below based on our internal credit grade of the securities (used 
for credit risk management purposes) equivalent to the credit 
rating assigned by major credit agencies. The unrealized losses 
and fair value of unrated securities categorized as investment 
grade based on internal credit grades were $32 million and 
 
$6.9 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2017, and $54 million 
and $7.0 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2016. If an 
internal credit grade was not assigned, we categorized the 
security as non-investment grade. 

 
Table 5.3:  Gross Unrealized Losses and Fair Value by Investment Grade 

  

(in millions) 
December 31, 2017 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Other 

Total debt securities 
Perpetual preferred securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

Total 

December 31, 2016 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Other 

Total debt securities 
Perpetual preferred securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

Total 

Investment grade 

Non-investment grade 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

Gross 
unrealized 
losses 

Fair value 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

(108) 
(412) 

(1,272) 
(1) 
(1) 
(1,274) 
(13) 
(3) 
(2) 
(1,812) 
(8) 
(1,820) 

(103) 
(43) 
(680) 
— 
—

(826) 
(2,646) 

(109) 
(1,517) 

(3,458) 
(1) 
(15) 
(3,474) 
(31) 
(31) 
(30) 
(5,192) 
(10) 
(5,202) 

(77) 
(144) 
(803) 
(1) 
(1) 
(1,026) 
(6,228) 

6,274 
17,763 

97,250 
42 
183 
97,475 
304 
519 
469 
122,804 
122 
122,926 

12,745 
2,183 
57,789 
— 
—
72,717 
195,643 

10,816 
33,271 

124,216 
176 
2,585 
126,977 
1,238 
5,096 
1,842 
179,240 
68 
179,308 

6,351 
4,871 
40,078 
266 
633 
52,199 
231,507 

Wells Fargo & Company 

— 
(27) 

— 
(1) 
(1) 
(2) 
(27) 
— 
(3) 
(59) 
(1) 
(60) 

— 
— 
(2) 
— 
—
(2) 
(62) 

— 
(54) 

— 
(7) 
(59) 
(66) 
(79) 
— 
(5) 
(204) 
(1) 
(205) 

— 
— 
(1) 
— 
— 
(1) 
(206) 

— 
182 

— 
63 
51 
114 
438 
— 
51 
785 
18 
803 

— 
— 
168 
— 
— 
168 
971 

— 
354 

— 
596 
564 
1,160 
937 
— 
391 
2,842 
18 
2,860 

— 
— 
17 
— 
— 
17 
2,877 

163 

Note 5:  Investment Securities (continued) 

Contractual Maturities 
Table 5.4 shows the remaining contractual maturities and 
contractual weighted-average yields (taxable-equivalent basis) of 
available-for-sale debt securities. The remaining contractual 

principal maturities for MBS do not consider prepayments. 
Remaining expected maturities will differ from contractual 
maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay 
obligations before the underlying mortgages mature. 

 
Table 5.4:  Contractual Maturities 

  

(in millions) 
December 31, 2017 
Available-for-sale debt securities (1): 

Fair value: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal 

agencies 

Securities of U.S. states and political 

subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt 
obligations 
Other 

Total available-for-sale debt 

securities at fair value 

December 31, 2016 
Available-for-sale debt securities (1): 

Fair value: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal 

agencies 

Securities of U.S. states and political 

subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Other 

Total available-for-sale debt securities at 

fair value 

Total 

Within one year 

After one year 
through five years 

After five years 
through ten years 

After ten years 

amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Remaining contractual maturity 

$ 

6,319 

1.59%  $ 

81 

1.37%  $  6,189 

1.59%  $ 

49 

1.89%  $ 

— 

—% 

51,326 

5.88 

2,380 

3.47 

9,484 

3.42 

2,276 

4.63 

37,186 

6.75 

160,219 
4,608 
4,565 
169,392 
7,666 

36,056 
5,648 

3.27 
3.52 
3.45 
3.28 
5.12 

2.98 
2.46 

15 
— 
— 
15 
443 

— 
71 

2.03 
— 
— 
2.03 
5.54 

— 
3.56 

210 
24 
— 
234 
2,738 

50 
463 

3.08 
5.67 
— 
3.35 
5.56 

1.68 
2.72 

5,534 
11 
166 
5,711 
3,549 

15,008 
1,466 

2.82 
2.46 
2.69 
2.82 
4.70 

2.96 
2.13 

154,460 
4,573 
4,399 
163,432 
936 

20,998 
3,648 

3.28 
3.51 
3.48 
3.30 
5.26 

3.00 
2.53 

$  276,407 

3.72%  $  2,990 

3.70%  $  19,158 

3.11%  $  28,059 

3.24%  $226,200 

3.83% 

$ 

25,819 

1.44 %  $ 

1,328 

0.92 %  $  23,477 

1.45 %  $ 

1,014 

1.80 %  $ 

— 

— % 

51,101 

5.65 

2,990 

1.69 

9,299 

2.74 

2,391 

4.71 

36,421 

6.78 

161,230 
7,816 
8,502 
177,548 

11,457 
35,020 
6,208 

3.09 
3.84 
4.58 
3.19 

4.81 
2.70 
2.18 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

2,043 
— 
57 

2.90 
— 
3.06 

128 
25 
— 
153 

3,374 
168 
971 

2.98 
5.21 
— 
3.34 

5.89 
1.34 
2.35 

5,363 
35 
30 
5,428 

4,741 
16,482 
1,146 

3.16 
4.34 
3.13 
3.16 

4.71 
2.66 
2.04 

155,739 
7,756 
8,472 
171,967 

1,299 
18,370 
4,034 

3.09 
3.83 
4.59 
3.19 

5.38 
2.74 
2.17 

$ 

307,153 

3.44 %  $ 

6,418 

1.93 %  $  37,442 

2.20 %  $  31,202 

3.17 %  $ 232,091 

3.72 % 

(1)  Weighted-average yields displayed by maturity bucket are weighted based on fair value and predominantly represent contractual coupon rates without effect for any related 

hedging derivatives. 

164 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 5.5 shows the amortized cost and weighted-average 

yields of held-to-maturity debt securities by contractual 
maturity. 

 
Table 5.5:  Amortized Cost by Contractual Maturity 

  

(in millions) 

amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Total 

Within one year 

After one year 
through five years 

After five years 
through ten years 

After ten years 

Remaining contractual maturity 

December 31, 2017 
Held-to-maturity securities (1): 

Amortized cost: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and 

federal agencies 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Federal agency and other 

mortgage-backed securities 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

$ 

44,720 

2.12%  $ 

6,313 

6.02 

87,527 
661 
114 

3.11 
2.86 
1.83 

Total held-to-maturity debt 

securities at amortized cost 

$ 

139,335 

2.92%  $ 

December 31, 2016 
Held-to-maturity securities (1): 

Amortized cost: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal 

agencies 

Securities of U.S. states and political 

subdivisions 

Federal agency and other mortgage-

backed securities 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity debt 

securities at amortized cost 

$ 

44,690 

2.12 %  $ 

6,336 

6.04 

45,161 

1,065 
2,331 

3.23 
2.58 
1.83 

$ 

99,583 

2.87 %  $ 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

—%  $  32,330 

2.04%  $  12,390 

2.32%  $ 

— 

—% 

— 

— 
— 
— 

50 

7.18 

695 

6.31 

5,568 

5.98 

15 
— 
114 

2.81 
— 
1.83 

11 
661 
— 

2.49 
2.86 
— 

87,501 
— 
— 

3.11 
— 
— 

—%  $  32,509 

2.05%  $  13,757 

2.55%  $  93,069 

3.28% 

— %  $  31,956 

2.05 %  $  12,734 

2.30 %  $ 

— 

— % 

— 

— 
— 
— 

24 

8.20 

436 

6.76 

5,876 

5.98 

— 
— 
1,683 

— 
— 
1.81 

— 
1,065 
648 

— 
2.58 
1.89 

45,161 
— 
— 

3.23 
— 
— 

— % 

$  33,663 

2.04 % 

$  14,883 

2.43 % 

$  51,037 

3.55 % 

(1)  Weighted-average yields displayed by maturity bucket are weighted based on amortized cost and predominantly represent contractual coupon rates. 

Table 5.6 shows the fair value of held-to-maturity debt 

securities by contractual maturity. 

 
Table 5.6:  Fair Value by Contractual Maturity 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Held-to-maturity securities: 

Fair value: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal 

agencies 

Securities of U.S. states and political 

subdivisions 

Federal agency and other mortgage-backed 

securities 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity debt securities at 

fair value 

December 31, 2016 
Held-to-maturity securities: 

Fair value: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed 

securities 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Other 

Total held-to-maturity debt securities at fair 

value 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Total 

amount 

Within one 
year 

Amount 

After one year 
through five years 

After five years 
through ten years 

Amount 

Amount 

After ten years 

Amount 

Remaining contractual maturity 

32,388 

12,418 

49 

15 
— 
114 

701 

11 
665 
— 

32,566 

13,795 

32,313 
24 

— 
— 
1,688 

34,025 

12,766 
430 

— 
1,070 
652 

14,918 

44,806 

6,354 

87,046 
665 
114 

138,985 

45,079 
6,209 

44,457 

1,070 
2,340 

99,155 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

Wells Fargo & Company 

— 

5,604 

87,020 
— 
— 

92,624 

— 
5,755 

44,457 
— 
— 

50,212 

165 

Note 5:  Investment Securities (continued) 

Realized Gains and Losses 
Table 5.7 shows the gross realized gains and losses on sales and 
OTTI write-downs related to the available-for-sale securities 
portfolio, which includes marketable equity securities, as well as 

net realized gains and losses on nonmarketable equity 
investments (see Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease 
Commitments and Other Assets)). 

 
Table 5.7:  Realized Gains and Losses 

  

(in millions) 

Gross realized gains 
Gross realized losses 
OTTI write-downs 

Net realized gains from available-for-sale securities	 

Net realized gains from nonmarketable equity investments	 

Net realized gains from debt securities and equity investments	 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

$  1,409 
(207) 
(267) 

935 

812 

$  1,747 

2016 

1,542 
(106) 
(194) 

1,242 

579 

1,821 

2015 

1,775
 
(67)
 
(185)
 

1,523 

1,659 

3,182 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
Table 5.8 shows the detail of total OTTI write-downs included in 
earnings for available-for-sale debt securities, marketable equity 

securities and nonmarketable equity investments. There were no 
 
OTTI write-downs on held-to-maturity securities during the 
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 or 2015. 

 
Table 5.8:  OTTI Write-downs 

  

(in millions) 

OTTI write-downs included in earnings 

Debt securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Corporate debt securities 
Other debt securities 

Total debt securities	 

Equity securities: 

Marketable equity securities: 

Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities	 

Total investment securities (1) 

Nonmarketable equity investments (1) 

Total OTTI write-downs included in earnings (1)	 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

150 

11 
80 
21 
— 

63 

34 
14 
72 
6

262 

189 

5 

5 

267 
339 

606 

$ 

5

5

194 
448 

642 

18 

54 
4 
105 
2 

183 

2 

2 

185 
374 

559 

(1) 	 The years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, include $86 million, $258 million and $287 million, respectively, in OTTI write-downs of oil and gas investments, of 

which $24 million, $88 million and $104 million, respectively, related to investment securities and $62 million, $170 million and $183 million, respectively, related to 
nonmarketable equity investments. 

166 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Other-Than-Temporarily Impaired Debt Securities 
Table 5.9 shows the detail of OTTI write-downs on available-for­
sale debt securities included in earnings and the related changes 
in OCI for the same securities. 

 
Table 5.9:  OTTI Write-downs Included in Earnings 

  

(in millions) 

OTTI on debt securities 

Recorded as part of gross realized losses: 

Credit-related OTTI 
Intent-to-sell OTTI 

Total recorded as part of gross realized losses 

Changes to OCI for losses (reversal of losses) in non-credit-related OTTI (1): 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Residential mortgage-backed securities 
Commercial mortgage-backed securities 
Corporate debt securities 
Other debt securities 

Total changes to OCI for non-credit-related OTTI 

Total OTTI losses recorded on debt securities 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

119 
143 

262 

(5) 
(1) 
(51) 
1 
(1) 

(57) 

$ 

205 

143 
46 

189 

8 
(3) 
24 
(13) 
2 

18 

207 

169 
14 

183 

(1) 
(42) 
(16) 
12 
— 

(47) 

136 

(1) 	 Represents amounts recorded to OCI for impairment, due to factors other than credit, on debt securities that have also had credit-related OTTI write-downs during the 

period. Increases represent initial or subsequent non-credit-related OTTI on debt securities. Decreases represent partial to full reversal of impairment due to recoveries in 
the fair value of securities due to non-credit factors. 

Table 5.10 presents a rollforward of the OTTI credit loss that 
has been recognized in earnings as a write-down of available-for-
sale debt securities we still own (referred to as “credit-impaired” 
debt securities) and do not intend to sell. Recognized credit loss 

represents the difference between the present value of expected 
future cash flows discounted using the security’s current 
effective interest rate and the amortized cost basis of the security 
prior to considering credit loss. 

 
Table 5.10:  Rollforward of OTTI Credit Loss 

  

(in millions) 

Credit loss recognized, beginning of year	 
Additions: 

For securities with initial credit impairments 
For securities with previous credit impairments 

Total additions	 

Reductions: 

For securities sold, matured, or intended/required to be sold 
For recoveries of previous credit impairments (1) 

Total reductions	 

Credit loss recognized, end of year	 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

$  1,043 

2016 

1,092 

2015 

1,025 

9 
110 

119 

(414) 
(6) 

(420) 

85 
58 

143 

(184) 
(8) 

(192) 

$ 

742 

1,043 

102 
67 

169 

(93) 
(9) 

(102) 

1,092 

(1)  Recoveries of previous credit impairments result from increases in expected cash flows subsequent to credit loss recognition. Such recoveries are reflected prospectively as 

interest yield adjustments using the effective interest method. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

167 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Table 6.1 presents total loans outstanding by portfolio segment 
and class of financing receivable. Outstanding balances include a 
total net reduction of $3.9 billion and $4.4 billion at 

December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for unearned income, 
net deferred loan fees, and unamortized discounts and 
premiums. 

 
Table 6.1:  Loans Outstanding 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total loans 

Our foreign loans are reported by respective class of 

financing receivable in the table above. Substantially all of our 
foreign loan portfolio is commercial loans. Loans are classified 
as foreign primarily based on whether the borrower’s primary 

 
Table 6.2:  Commercial Foreign Loans Outstanding 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial foreign loans: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial foreign loans 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

December 31, 

$ 

333,125 
126,599 
24,279 
19,385 

503,388 

284,054 
39,713 
37,976 
53,371 
38,268 

453,382 

$ 

956,770 

330,840 
132,491 
23,916 
19,289 

506,536 

275,579 
46,237 
36,700 
62,286 
40,266 

461,068 

967,604 

299,892 
122,160 
22,164 
12,367 

456,583 

273,869 
53,004 
34,039 
59,966 
39,098 

459,976 

916,559 

271,795 
111,996 
18,728 
12,307 

414,826 

265,386 
59,717 
31,119 
55,740 
35,763 

447,725 

862,551 

235,358 
112,427 
16,934 
12,371 

377,090 

258,507 
65,950 
26,882 
50,808 
43,049 

445,196 

822,286 

address is outside of the United States. Table 6.2 presents total 
commercial foreign loans outstanding by class of financing 
receivable. 

2017 

2016 

2015 

2014 

2013 

December 31, 

$ 

60,106 
8,033 
655 
1,126 

$ 

69,920 

55,396 
8,541 
375 
972 

65,284 

49,049 
8,350 
444 
274 

58,117 

44,707 
4,776 
218 
336 

50,037 

41,547 
5,328 
187 
338 

47,400 

168 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Loan Concentrations 
 
Loan concentrations may exist when there are amounts loaned 
to borrowers engaged in similar activities or similar types of 
loans extended to a diverse group of borrowers that would cause 
them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. 
At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not have concentrations 
representing 10% or more of our total loan portfolio in domestic 
commercial and industrial loans and lease financing by industry 
or CRE loans (real estate mortgage and real estate construction) 
by state or property type. Real estate 1-4 family non-PCI 
mortgage loans to borrowers in the state of California 
represented 12% of total loans at December 31, 2017, compared 
with 11% at December 31, 2016, and PCI loans were under 1% in 
both years. These California loans are generally diversified 
among the larger metropolitan areas in California, with no single 
area consisting of more than 4% of total loans. We continuously 
monitor changes in real estate values and underlying economic 
or market conditions for all geographic areas of our real estate 
1-4 family mortgage portfolio as part of our credit risk 
management process. 

Some of our real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien 

mortgage loans include an interest-only feature as part of the 
loan terms. These interest-only loans were approximately 4% of 
total loans at December 31, 2017, and 7% at December 31, 2016. 
Substantially all of these interest-only loans at origination were 
considered to be prime or near prime. We do not offer option 
adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) products, nor do we offer 
variable-rate mortgage products with fixed payment amounts, 
commonly referred to within the financial services industry as 
negative amortizing mortgage loans. We acquired an option 
payment loan portfolio (Pick-a-Pay) from Wachovia at 
December 31, 2008. A majority of the portfolio was identified as 
PCI loans. Since the acquisition, we have reduced our exposure 
to the option payment portion of the portfolio through our 
modification efforts and loss mitigation actions. At December 31, 
2017, approximately 1% of total loans remained with the 
payment option feature compared with 10% at December 31, 
2008. 

Our first and junior lien lines of credit products generally 
have draw periods of 10, 15 or 20 years, with variable interest 
rate and payment options during the draw period of (1) interest 
only or (2) 1.5% of total outstanding balance plus accrued 

 
Table 6.3:  Loan Purchases, Sales, and Transfers 

  

interest. During the draw period, the borrower has the option of 
converting all or a portion of the line from a variable interest rate 
to a fixed rate with terms including interest-only payments for a 
fixed period between three to seven years or a fully amortizing 
payment with a fixed period between five to 30 years. At the end 
of the draw period, a line of credit generally converts to an 
amortizing payment schedule with repayment terms of up to 
30 years based on the balance at time of conversion. At 
December 31, 2017, our lines of credit portfolio had an 
outstanding balance of $49.9 billion, of which $12.3 billion, or 
25%, is in its amortization period, another $3.0 billion, or 6%, of 
our total outstanding balance, will reach their end of draw period 
during 2018 through 2019, $9.3 billion, or 19%, during 2020 
 
through 2022, and $25.3 billion, or 50%, will convert in 
subsequent years. This portfolio had unfunded credit 
commitments of $62.3 billion at December 31, 2017. The lines 
that enter their amortization period may experience higher 
delinquencies and higher loss rates than the lines in their draw 
period. At December 31, 2017, $575 million, or 5%, of 
outstanding lines of credit that are in their amortization period 
were 30 or more days past due, compared with $690 million, or 
2%, for lines in their draw period. We have considered this 
increased inherent risk in our allowance for credit loss estimate. 
In anticipation of our borrowers reaching the end of their 
contractual commitment, we have created a program to inform, 
educate and help these borrowers transition from interest-only 
to fully-amortizing payments or full repayment. We monitor the 
performance of the borrowers moving through the program in 
an effort to refine our ongoing program strategy. 

Loan Purchases, Sales, and Transfers 
Table 6.3 summarizes the proceeds paid or received for 
purchases and sales of loans and transfers from loans held for 
investment to mortgages/loans held for sale at lower of cost or 
fair value. This loan activity primarily includes loans purchased 
and sales of whole loan or participating interests, whereby we 
receive or transfer a portion of a loan after origination. The table 
excludes PCI loans and loans recorded at fair value, including 
loans originated for sale because their loan activity normally 
does not impact the allowance for credit losses. 
 

  

(in millions)	 

Purchases 
Sales 
Transfers to MHFS/LHFS 

Commercial 

Consumer (1) 

$ 

3,675 
(2,066) 
(736) 

2 
(425) 
(2) 

Year ended December 31, 

2017	 

Total 

3,677 
(2,491) 
(738) 

Commercial (2) 

Consumer (1) 

32,710 
(1,334) 
(306) 

5 
(1,486) 
(6) 

2016 

Total 

32,715
 
(2,820)
 
(312)
 

(1) 	 Excludes activity in government insured/guaranteed real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loans. As servicer, we are able to buy delinquent insured/guaranteed loans out of 
the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) pools, and manage and/or resell them in accordance with applicable requirements. These loans are predominantly 
insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Accordingly, these loans have limited impact on the 
allowance for loan losses. 

(2) 	 Purchases include loans and capital leases from the 2016 GE Capital business acquisitions. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

169 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

Commitments to Lend 
A commitment to lend is a legally binding agreement to lend 
funds to a customer, usually at a stated interest rate, if funded, 
and for specific purposes and time periods. We generally require 
a fee to extend such commitments. Certain commitments are 
subject to loan agreements with covenants regarding the 
financial performance of the customer or borrowing base 
formulas on an ongoing basis that must be met before we are 
required to fund the commitment. We may reduce or cancel 
consumer commitments, including home equity lines and credit 
card lines, in accordance with the contracts and applicable law. 

We may, as a representative for other lenders, advance 

funds or provide for the issuance of letters of credit under 
syndicated loan or letter of credit agreements. Any advances are 
generally repaid in less than a week and would normally require 
default of both the customer and another lender to expose us to 
loss. These temporary advance arrangements totaled 
 
approximately $85 billion at December 31, 2017, and $77 billion 
at December 31, 2016. 

We issue commercial letters of credit to assist customers in 
purchasing goods or services, typically for international trade. At 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $982 million and 
$1.1 billion, respectively, of outstanding issued commercial 
letters of credit. We also originate multipurpose lending 
commitments under which borrowers have the option to draw 
on the facility for different purposes in one of several forms, 
including a standby letter of credit. See Note 14 (Guarantees, 
Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other Commitments) for 
additional information on standby letters of credit. 

When we make commitments, we are exposed to credit risk. 

The maximum credit risk for these commitments will generally 
be lower than the contractual amount because a significant 
portion of these commitments are expected to expire without 
being used by the customer. In addition, we manage the 
potential risk in commitments to lend by limiting the total 
amount of commitments, both by individual customer and in 
total, by monitoring the size and maturity structure of these 
commitments and by applying the same credit standards for 
these commitments as for all of our credit activities. 

For loans and commitments to lend, we generally require 

collateral or a guarantee. We may require various types of 
collateral, including commercial and consumer real estate, 
automobiles, other short-term liquid assets such as accounts 
receivable or inventory and long-lived assets, such as equipment 
and other business assets. Collateral requirements for each loan 
or commitment may vary based on the loan product and our 
assessment of a customer’s credit risk according to the specific 
credit underwriting, including credit terms and structure. 

The contractual amount of our unfunded credit 

commitments, including unissued standby and commercial 
letters of credit, is summarized by portfolio segment and class of 
financing receivable in Table 6.4. The table excludes the issued 
standby and commercial letters of credit and temporary advance 
arrangements described above. 

 
Table 6.4:  Unfunded Credit Commitments 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family 
junior lien mortgage 

Credit card 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total unfunded 

credit commitments 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$326,626 
7,485 
16,621 
— 

350,732 

319,662 
7,833 
18,840 
16 

346,351 

29,876 

33,498 

38,897 
108,465 
27,541 

204,779 

41,431 
101,895 
28,349 

205,173 

$555,511 

551,524 

170 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
Table 6.5 presents the allowance for credit losses, which consists 
of the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded 
credit commitments. 

 
Table 6.5:  Allowance for Credit Losses 

  

(in millions) 

Balance, beginning of year 
Provision for credit losses 
Interest income on certain impaired loans (1) 
Loan charge-offs: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total loan charge-offs 

Loan recoveries: 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total loan recoveries 

Net loan charge-offs 

Other 

Balance, end of year 

Components: 

Allowance for loan losses 
Allowance for unfunded credit commitments 

Allowance for credit losses 

Net loan charge-offs as a percentage of average total loans 
Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans 
Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans 

2017 

$  12,540 
2,528 
(186) 

(789) 
(38) 
— 
(45) 
(872) 

(240) 
(279) 
(1,481) 
(1,002) 
(713) 
(3,715) 

(4,587) 

297 
82 
30 
17 
426 

288 
266 
239 
319 
121 
1,233 

1,659 

2016 

12,512 
3,770 
(205) 

(1,419) 
(27) 
(1) 
(41) 
(1,488) 

(452) 
(495) 
(1,259) 
(845) 
(708) 
(3,759) 

(5,247) 

263 
116 
38 
11 
428 

373 
266 
207 
325 
128 
1,299 

1,727 

2015 

13,169 
2,442 
(198) 

(734) 
(59) 
(4) 
(14) 
(811) 

(507) 
(635) 
(1,116) 
(742) 
(643) 
(3,643) 

(4,454) 

252 
127 
37 
8 
424 

245 
259 
175 
325 
134 
1,138 

1,562 

Year ended December 31, 

2014 

14,971 
1,395 
(211) 

(627) 
(66) 
(9) 
(15) 
(717) 

(721) 
(864) 
(1,025) 
(729) 
(668) 
(4,007) 

(4,724) 

369 
160 
136 
8
673 

212 
238 
161 
349 
146 
1,106 

1,779 

2013 

17,477 
2,309 
(264) 

(739) 
(190) 
(28) 
(34) 
(991) 

(1,439) 
(1,579) 
(1,022) 
(625) 
(754) 
(5,419) 

(6,410) 

396 
226 
137 
17 
776 

246 
269 
127 
322 
161 
1,125 

1,901 

(2,928) 

(3,520) 

(2,892) 

(2,945) 

(4,509) 

6 

(17) 

(9) 

(41) 

(42) 

$  11,960 

12,540 

12,512 

13,169 

14,971 

$  11,004 
956 

$  11,960 

0.31% 
1.15 
1.25 

11,419 
1,121 

12,540 

0.37 
1.18 
1.30 

11,545 
967 

12,512 

0.33 
1.26 
1.37 

12,319 
850 

13,169 

0.35 
1.43 
1.53 

14,502 
469 

14,971 

0.56 
1.76 
1.82 

(1)  Certain impaired loans with an allowance calculated by discounting expected cash flows using the loan’s effective interest rate over the remaining life of the loan recognize 

changes in allowance attributable to the passage of time as interest income. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

171 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

Table 6.6 summarizes the activity in the allowance for credit 

losses by our commercial and consumer portfolio segments. 

 
Table 6.6:  Allowance Activity by Portfolio Segment 

  

(in millions) 

Balance, beginning of year 

Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Interest income on certain impaired loans 

Loan charge-offs 
Loan recoveries 

Net loan charge-offs 

Other 

Balance, end of year 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

Commercial  Consumer 

Total 

Commercial  Consumer 

$ 

7,394 
(261) 
(59) 

(872) 
426 

(446) 

4 

5,146 
2,789 
(127) 

12,540 
2,528 
(186) 

(3,715) 
1,233 

(4,587) 
1,659 

(2,482) 

(2,928) 

2 

6 

6,872 
1,644 
(45) 

(1,488) 
428 

(1,060) 

(17) 

5,640 
2,126 
(160) 

(3,759) 
1,299 

(2,460) 

— 

2016 

Total 

12,512 
3,770 
(205) 

(5,247) 
1,727 

(3,520) 

(17) 

$ 

6,632 

5,328 

11,960 

7,394 

5,146 

12,540 

Table 6.7 disaggregates our allowance for credit losses and 

recorded investment in loans by impairment methodology. 
 
 
Table 6.7:  Allowance by Impairment Methodology 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Collectively evaluated (1) 
Individually evaluated (2) 
PCI (3) 
Total	 

December 31, 2016 
Collectively evaluated (1) 
Individually evaluated (2) 
PCI (3) 

Total	 

Allowance for credit losses 

Recorded investment in loans 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

Commercial 

Consumer 

Total 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

5,927 
705 
— 
6,632 

6,392 
1,000 
2 

7,394 

4,143 
1,185 
— 
5,328 

3,553 
1,593 
— 

5,146 

10,070 
1,890 
— 
11,960 

9,945 
2,593 
2 

12,540 

499,342 
3,960 
86 
503,388 

425,919 
14,714 
12,749 
453,382 

925,261 
18,674 
12,835 
956,770 

500,487 
5,372 
677 

506,536 

428,009 
17,005 
16,054 

461,068 

928,496 
22,377 
16,731 

967,604 

(1) 	 Represents loans collectively evaluated for impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 450-20, Loss Contingencies (formerly FAS 5), and 

pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for non-impaired loans. 

(2) 	 Represents loans individually evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 310-10, Receivables (formerly FAS 114), and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 

regarding allowance for impaired loans. 

(3) 	 Represents the allowance and related loan carrying value determined in accordance with ASC 310-30, Receivables – Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated 

Credit Quality (formerly SOP 3-3) and pursuant to amendments by ASU 2010-20 regarding allowance for PCI loans. 

Credit Quality 
We monitor credit quality by evaluating various attributes and 
utilize such information in our evaluation of the appropriateness 
of the allowance for credit losses. The following sections provide 
the credit quality indicators we most closely monitor. The credit 
quality indicators are generally based on information as of our 
financial statement date, with the exception of updated Fair 
Isaac Corporation (FICO) scores and updated loan-to-value 
(LTV)/combined LTV (CLTV). We obtain FICO scores at loan 
origination and the scores are generally updated at least 
quarterly, except in limited circumstances, including compliance 
with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). Generally, the LTV 
and CLTV indicators are updated in the second month of each 
quarter, with updates no older than September 30, 2017. See the 
“Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans” section in this Note for 
credit quality information on our PCI portfolio. 

COMMERCIAL CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS  In addition to 
monitoring commercial loan concentration risk, we manage a 
consistent process for assessing commercial loan credit quality. 
Generally, commercial loans are subject to individual risk 
assessment using our internal borrower and collateral quality 
ratings. Our ratings are aligned to Pass and Criticized categories. 
The Criticized category includes Special Mention, Substandard, 
and Doubtful categories which are defined by bank regulatory 
agencies. 

Table 6.8 provides a breakdown of outstanding commercial 

loans by risk category. Of the $16.6 billion in criticized 
commercial and industrial loans and $4.6 billion in criticized 
commercial real estate (CRE) loans at December 31, 2017, 
$1.9 billion and $665 million, respectively, have been placed on 
nonaccrual status and written down to net realizable collateral 
value. 

172 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 6.8:  Commercial Loans by Risk Category 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By risk category: 

Pass 
Criticized 

Total commercial loans (excluding PCI) 

Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total commercial loans 

December 31, 2016 
By risk category: 

Pass 
Criticized 

Total commercial loans (excluding PCI) 

Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total commercial loans 

Commercial 
and industrial 

Real estate 
mortgage 

Real estate 
construction 

Lease 
financing 

Total 

$ 

316,431 
16,608 

333,039 
86 

$ 

333,125 

$ 

308,166 
22,437 

330,603 
237 

$ 

330,840 

122,312 
4,287 

126,599 
— 

126,599 

126,793 
5,315 

132,108 
383 

132,491 

23,981 
298 

24,279 
— 

24,279 

23,408 
451 

23,859 
57 

23,916 

18,162 
1,223 

19,385 
— 

19,385 

17,899 
1,390 

19,289 
— 

19,289 

480,886 
22,416 

503,302 
86 

503,388 

476,266 
29,593 

505,859 
677 

506,536 

Table 6.9 provides past due information for commercial 

loans, which we monitor as part of our credit risk management 
practices. 

 
Table 6.9:  Commercial Loans by Delinquency Status 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By delinquency status: 

Commercial 
and industrial 

Real estate 
mortgage 

Real estate 
construction 

Lease 
financing 

Total 

Current-29 days past due (DPD) and still accruing 
30-89 DPD and still accruing 
90+ DPD and still accruing 

$ 

Nonaccrual loans 

Total commercial loans (excluding PCI) 

Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value) 

330,319 
795 
26 
1,899 

333,039 
86 

Total commercial loans 

$ 

333,125 

December 31, 2016 
By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD and still accruing 
30-89 DPD and still accruing 
90+ DPD and still accruing 

Nonaccrual loans 

Total commercial loans (excluding PCI) 

Total commercial PCI loans (carrying value) 

$ 

326,765 
594 
28 
3,216 

330,603 
237 

Total commercial loans 

$ 

330,840 

125,642 
306 
23 
628 

126,599 
— 

126,599 

131,165 
222 
36 
685 

132,108 
383 

132,491 

24,107 
135 
— 
37 

24,279 
— 

24,279 

23,776 
40 
— 
43 

23,859 
57 

23,916 

19,148 
161 
— 
76 

19,385 
— 

19,385 

19,042 
132 
— 
115 

19,289 
— 

19,289 

499,216 
1,397 
49 
2,640 

503,302 
86 

503,388 

500,748 
988 
64 
4,059 

505,859 
677 

506,536 

Wells Fargo & Company 

173 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

CONSUMER CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS  We have various 
classes of consumer loans that present unique risks. Loan 
delinquency, FICO credit scores and LTV for loan types are 
common credit quality indicators that we monitor and utilize in 
our evaluation of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit 
losses for the consumer portfolio segment. 
 
 
Table 6.10:  Consumer Loans by Delinquency Status 

  

Many of our loss estimation techniques used for the 

allowance for credit losses rely on delinquency-based models; 
therefore, delinquency is an important indicator of credit quality 
and the establishment of our allowance for credit losses. Table 
6.10 provides the outstanding balances of our consumer 
portfolio by delinquency status. 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD 
30-59 DPD 
60-89 DPD 
90-119 DPD 
120-179 DPD 
180+ DPD 

Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) 

Total consumer loans (excluding PCI) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total consumer loans 

December 31, 2016 
By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD 
30-59 DPD 
60-89 DPD 
90-119 DPD 
120-179 DPD 
180+ DPD 

Government insured/guaranteed loans (1) 

Total consumer loans (excluding PCI) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total consumer loans 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 

Credit card 

Automobile 

Other 
revolving 
credit and 
installment 

$  251,786 
1,893 
742 
369 
308 
1,091 
15,143 

271,332 
12,722 

$  284,054 

$  239,061 
1,904 
700 
307 
323 
1,661 
15,605 

259,561 
16,018 

$  275,579 

38,746 
336 
163 
103 
95 
243 
— 

39,686 
27 

39,713 

45,238 
296 
160 
102 
108 
297 
— 

46,201 
36 

46,237 

36,996 
287 
201 
192 
298 
2 
— 

37,976 
— 

37,976 

35,773 
275 
200 
169 
279 
4 
— 

36,700 
— 

36,700 

51,445 
1,385 
392 
146 
3 
— 
— 

53,371 
— 

53,371 

60,572 
1,262 
330 
116 
5 
1 
— 

62,286 
— 

62,286 

37,885 
155 
93 
80 
30 
25 
— 

38,268 
— 

38,268 

39,833 
177 
111 
93 
30 
22 
— 

40,266 
— 

40,266 

Total 

416,858 
4,056 
1,591 
890 
734 
1,361 
15,143 

440,633 
12,749 

453,382 

420,477 
3,914 
1,501 
787 
745 
1,985 
15,605 

445,014 
16,054 

461,068 

(1)  Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. Loans insured/guaranteed by the FHA/VA and 90+ DPD totaled 

$10.5 billion at December 31, 2017, compared with $10.1 billion at December 31, 2016. 

Of the $3.0 billion of consumer loans not government 

insured/guaranteed that are 90 days or more past due at 
December 31, 2017, $1.0 billion was accruing, compared with 
$3.5 billion past due and $908 million accruing at December 31, 
2016. 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loans 180 days or more 

past due totaled $1.1 billion, or 0.4% of total first mortgages 
(excluding PCI), at December 31, 2017, compared with 
$1.7 billion, or 0.6%, at December 31, 2016. 

Table 6.11 provides a breakdown of our consumer portfolio 
by FICO. The December 31, 2017, FICO scores for real estate 1-4 
family first and junior lien mortgages reflect a new FICO score 
version we adopted in first quarter 2017 to monitor and manage 
those portfolios. In general, the impact for us is a shift to higher 
scores, particularly to the 800+ level, as the new FICO score 
version utilizes a more refined approach that better distinguishes 
borrower credit risk. Most of the scored consumer portfolio has 
an updated FICO of 680 and above, reflecting a strong current 
borrower credit profile. FICO is not available for certain loan 
types, or may not be required if we deem it unnecessary due to 
strong collateral and other borrower attributes. Substantially all 
loans not requiring a FICO score are securities-based loans 
originated through retail brokerage, and totaled $8.5 billion at 
December 31, 2017, and $8.0 billion at December 31, 2016. 

174 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Real estate 1-4 
family first 
mortgage (1) 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage (1) 

Credit card 

Automobile 

Other revolving 
credit and 
installment (1) 

Total 

 
Table 6.11:  Consumer Loans by FICO 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By FICO: 
< 600 
600-639 
640-679 
680-719 
720-759 
760-799 
800+ 

No FICO available 
FICO not required 
Government insured/guaranteed loans (2) 

Total consumer loans (excluding PCI) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

$ 

5,145 
3,487 
6,789 
14,977 
27,926 
55,590 
136,729 
5,546 
— 
15,143 

271,332 
12,722 

Total consumer loans 

$ 

284,054 

December 31, 2016 
By FICO: 
< 600 
600-639 
640-679 
680-719 
720-759 
760-799 
800+ 

$ 

No FICO available 
FICO not required 
Government insured/guaranteed loans (2) 

Total consumer loans (excluding PCI) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total consumer loans 

$ 

6,720 
5,400 
10,975 
23,300 
38,832 
103,608 
49,508 
5,613 
— 
15,605 

259,561 
16,018 

275,579 

1,768 
1,253 
2,387 
4,797 
6,246 
7,323 
15,144 
768 
— 
— 

39,686 
27 

39,713 

2,591 
1,917 
3,747 
6,432 
9,413 
14,929 
6,391 
781 
— 
— 

46,201 
36 

46,237 

3,525 
3,101 
5,690 
7,628 
8,097 
6,372 
2,994 
569 
— 
— 

37,976 
— 

37,976 

3,475 
3,109 
5,678 
7,382 
7,632 
6,191 
2,868 
365 
— 
— 

36,700 
— 

36,700 

8,858 
5,615 
7,696 
8,825 
7,806 
6,468 
7,845 
258 
— 
— 

53,371 
— 

53,371 

9,934 
6,705 
10,204 
11,233 
8,769 
8,164 
6,856 
421 
— 
— 

62,286 
— 

62,286 

863 
904 
1,959 
3,582 
5,089 
6,257 
8,455 
2,648 
8,511 
— 

38,268 
— 

38,268 

976 
1,056 
2,333 
4,302 
5,869 
8,348 
6,434 
2,906 
8,042 
— 

40,266 
— 

40,266 

20,159 
14,360 
24,521 
39,809 
55,164 
82,010 
171,167 
9,789 
8,511 
15,143 

440,633 
12,749 

453,382 

23,696 
18,187 
32,937 
52,649 
70,515 
141,240 
72,057 
10,086 
8,042 
15,605 

445,014 
16,054 

461,068 

(1)  The December 31, 2017, amounts reflect updated FICO score version implemented in first quarter 2017. 
(2)  Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. 
 

LTV refers to the ratio comparing the loan’s unpaid 

principal balance to the property’s collateral value. CLTV refers 
to the combination of first mortgage and junior lien mortgage 
(including unused line amounts for credit line products) ratios. 
LTVs and CLTVs are updated quarterly using a cascade approach 
which first uses values provided by automated valuation models 
(AVMs) for the property. If an AVM is not available, then the 
value is estimated using the original appraised value adjusted by 
the change in Home Price Index (HPI) for the property location. 
If an HPI is not available, the original appraised value is used. 
The HPI value is normally the only method considered for high 
value properties, generally with an original value of $1 million or 
more, as the AVM values have proven less accurate for these 
properties. 

Table 6.12 shows the most updated LTV and CLTV 

distribution of the real estate 1-4 family first and junior lien 
mortgage loan portfolios. We consider the trends in residential 
real estate markets as we monitor credit risk and establish our 
allowance for credit losses. In the event of a default, any loss 
should be limited to the portion of the loan amount in excess of 
the net realizable value of the underlying real estate collateral 
value. Certain loans do not have an LTV or CLTV due to industry 
data availability and portfolios acquired from or serviced by 
other institutions. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

175 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 
Table 6.12:  Consumer Loans by LTV/CLTV 

  

(in millions) 

By LTV/CLTV: 

0-60% 
60.01-80% 
80.01-100% 
100.01-120% (1) 
> 120% (1) 

No LTV/CLTV available 
Government insured/guaranteed loans (2) 

Total consumer loans (excluding PCI) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

Total consumer loans 

December 31, 2017	 

December 31, 2016 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 
by LTV 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 
by CLTV 

$  133,902 
104,639 
13,924 
1,868 
783 
1,073 
15,143 

271,332 
12,722 

$  284,054 

16,301 
12,918 
6,580 
2,427 
1,008 
452 
— 

39,686 
27 

39,713 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 
by LTV 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 
by CLTV 

121,430 
101,726 
15,795 
2,644 
1,066 
1,295 
15,605 

259,561 
16,018 

275,579 

16,464 
15,262 
8,765 
3,589 
1,613 
508 
— 

46,201 
36 

46,237 

Total 

150,203 
117,557 
20,504 
4,295 
1,791 
1,525 
15,143 

311,018 
12,749 

323,767 

Total 

137,894 
116,988 
24,560 
6,233 
2,679 
1,803 
15,605 

305,762 
16,054 

321,816 

(1) 	 Reflects total loan balances with LTV/CLTV amounts in excess of 100%. In the event of default, the loss content would generally be limited to only the amount in excess of 

100% LTV/CLTV. 

(2) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. 

LOANS IN PROCESS OF FORECLOSURE  Our recorded 
investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by 
residential real estate property that are in process of foreclosure 
was $6.3 billion and $8.1 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively, which included $4.0 billion and $4.8 billion, 
respectively, of loans that are government insured/guaranteed. 
We commence the foreclosure process on consumer real estate 
loans when a borrower becomes 120 days delinquent in 

accordance with Consumer Finance Protection Bureau 

Guidelines. Foreclosure procedures and timelines vary 

depending on whether the property address resides in a judicial 
or non-judicial state. Judicial states require the foreclosure to be
processed through the state’s courts while non-judicial states are
processed without court intervention. Foreclosure timelines vary
according to state law. 

 

NONACCRUAL LOANS  Table 6.13 provides loans on nonaccrual 
status. PCI loans are excluded from this table because they 
continue to earn interest from accretable yield, independent of 
performance in accordance with their contractual terms. 

 
Table 6.13:  Nonaccrual Loans 

  

(in millions) 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage	 
Real estate construction	 
Lease financing	 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$ 

1,899 
628 
37 
76 

2,640 

3,216	 
685 
43 
115 

4,059 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage (1) 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien
 

mortgage 
Automobile	 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer	 

Total nonaccrual loans 


(excluding PCI) 

4,122 

4,962 

1,086 
130 
58 

5,396 

1,206
 
106 
51 

6,325 

$ 

8,036 

10,384
 

(1) 	

Includes MHFS of $136 million and $149 million at December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively. 

176 

Wells Fargo & Company 

  
LOANS 90 DAYS OR MORE PAST DUE AND STILL ACCRUING 
Certain loans 90 days or more past due as to interest or principal 
are still accruing, because they are (1) well-secured and in the 
process of collection or (2) real estate 1  4 family mortgage loans 
or consumer loans exempt under regulatory rules from being 
classified as nonaccrual until later delinquency, usually 120 days 
past due. PCI loans of $1.4 billion at December 31, 2017, and 
$2.0 billion at December 31, 2016, are not included in these past 
due and still accruing loans even though they are 90 days or 
more contractually past due. These PCI loans are considered to 
be accruing because they continue to earn interest from 
accretable yield, independent of performance in accordance with 
their contractual terms. 

Table 6.14 shows non-PCI loans 90 days or more past due 

and still accruing by class for loans not government insured/ 
guaranteed. 

 

 
Table 6.14:  Loans 90 Days or More Past Due and Still Accruing 

  

(in millions) 

Total (excluding PCI):	 

Less: FHA insured/guaranteed by the VA 

(1)(2) 

Less: Student loans guaranteed under 

the Federal Family Education Loan 
Program (FFELP) (3) 

Total, not government 
insured/guaranteed 

By segment and class, not government 

insured/guaranteed: 

Commercial: 

Dec 31, 
2017 

$  11,997 

Dec 31, 
2016 

11,858 

10,934 

10,883 

— 

$ 

1,063 

Commercial and industrial 

$ 

Real estate mortgage 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage (2) 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien 

mortgage (2)	 

Credit card	 

Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

26 

23 

49 

219 

60 

492 

143 
100 

Total consumer	 

Total, not government 
insured/guaranteed 

1,014 

$ 

1,063 

3 

972 

28 

36 

64 

175 

56 

452 

112 
113 

908 

972 

(1) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are predominantly insured by the FHA or 

(2) 	

guaranteed by the VA. 
Includes mortgage loans held for sale 90 days or more past due and still 
accruing. 

(3) 	 Represents loans whose repayments are largely guaranteed by agencies on 
behalf of the U.S. Department of Education under the FFELP. All remaining 
student loans guaranteed under the FFELP were sold as of March 31, 2017. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

177 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

  

IMPAIRED LOANS  Table 6.15 summarizes key information for 
impaired loans. Our impaired loans predominantly include loans 
on nonaccrual status in the commercial portfolio segment and 
loans modified in a TDR, whether on accrual or nonaccrual 
status. These impaired loans generally have estimated losses 
which are included in the allowance for credit losses. We have 
impaired loans with no allowance for credit losses when loss 
content has been previously recognized through charge-offs and 
we do not anticipate additional charge-offs or losses, or certain 

 
Table 6.15:  Impaired Loans Summary 

  

loans are currently performing in accordance with their terms 
and for which no loss has been estimated. Impaired loans 
exclude PCI loans. Table 6.15 includes trial modifications that 
totaled $194 million at December 31, 2017, and $299 million at 
December 31, 2016. 

For additional information on our impaired loans and 

allowance for credit losses, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies). 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer (2)	 

Total impaired loans (excluding PCI)	 

$ 

22,110 

December 31, 2016 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer (2)	 

Total impaired loans (excluding PCI)	 

$ 

$ 

5,058 
1,777 
167 
146 

7,148 

16,438 
2,399 
300 
153 
109 

19,399 

26,547 

Recorded investment 
Impaired 
loans with 
related 
allowance for 
credit losses 

Impaired 
loans 

Related 
allowance for 
credit losses 

Unpaid 
principal 
balance (1) 

$ 

3,577 
1,502 
95 
132 

5,306 

14,020 
2,135 
356 
157 
136 

16,804 

2,568 
1,239 
54 
99 

3,960 

12,225 
1,918 
356 
87 
128 

14,714 

18,674 

3,742 
1,418 
93 
119 

5,372 

14,362 
2,156 
300 
85 
102 

17,005 

22,377 

2,310 
1,207 
45 
89 

3,651 

6,060 
1,421 
356 
34 
117 

7,988 

11,639 

3,418 
1,396 
93 
119 

5,026 

9,475 
1,681 
300 
31 
91 

11,578 

16,604 

462 
211 
9 
23 

705 

770 
245 
136 
5 
29 

1,185 

1,890 

675 
280 
22 
23 

1,000 

1,117 
350 
104 
5 
17 

1,593 

2,593 

(1) 	 Excludes the unpaid principal balance for loans that have been fully charged off or otherwise have zero recorded investment. 
(2) 	

Includes the recorded investment of $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of government insured/guaranteed loans that are 
predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA and generally do not have an allowance. Impaired loans may also have limited, if any, allowance when the 
recorded investment of the loan approximates estimated net realizable value as a result of charge-offs prior to a TDR modification. 

178 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Commitments to lend additional funds on loans whose 

 
terms have been modified in a TDR amounted to $579 million 
and $403 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Table 6.16 provides the average recorded investment in 

impaired loans and the amount of interest income recognized on 
impaired loans by portfolio segment and class. 
 
 
Table 6.16:  Average Recorded Investment in Impaired Loans 

  

Average 
recorded 
investment 

2017 
Recognized 
interest 
income 

Average 
recorded 
investment 

2016 
Recognized 
interest 
income 

Year ended December 31, 

Average 
recorded 
investment 

2015 
Recognized 
interest 
income 

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer:

  Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 

Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

$ 

3,241 
1,328 
66 
105 

4,740 

13,326 
2,041 
323 
86 
117 

15,893 

118 
91 
14 
1 

224 

730 
121 
36 
11 
8 

906 

Total impaired loans (excluding PCI) 

$ 

20,633 

1,130 

Interest income: 
Cash basis of accounting 
Other (1) 

Total interest income 

$ 

$ 

299 
831 

1,130 

3,408 
1,636 
115 
88 

5,247 

15,857 
2,294 
295 
93 
89 

18,628 

23,875 

1,240 
2,128 
246 
26 

3,640 

17,924 
2,480 
317 
115 
61 

20,897 

24,537 

101 
128 
11 
—

240 

828 
132 
34 
11
6

1,011 

1,251 

353 
898 

1,251 

80 
140 
25 
— 

245 

921 
137 
39 
13 
5 

1,115 

1,360 

412 
948 

1,360 

(1) 

Includes interest recognized on accruing TDRs, interest recognized related to certain impaired loans which have an allowance calculated using discounting, and amortization 
of purchase accounting adjustments related to certain impaired loans. 

Table 6.17 summarizes our TDR modifications for the 

periods presented by primary modification type and includes the 
financial effects of these modifications. For those loans that 
modify more than once, the table reflects each modification that 
occurred during the period. Loans that both modify and pay off 
within the period, as well as changes in recorded investment 
during the period for loans modified in prior periods, are not 
included in the table. 

 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS (TDRs)  When, for 
economic or legal reasons related to a borrower’s financial 
difficulties, we grant a concession for other than an insignificant 
period of time to a borrower that we would not otherwise 
consider, the related loan is classified as a TDR, the balance of 
which totaled $17.8 billion and $20.8 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. We do not consider loan resolutions 
such as foreclosure or short sale to be a TDR. 

We may require some consumer borrowers experiencing 

financial difficulty to make trial payments generally for a period 
of three to four months, according to the terms of a planned 
permanent modification, to determine if they can perform 
according to those terms. These arrangements represent trial 
modifications, which we classify and account for as TDRs. While 
loans are in trial payment programs, their original terms are not 
considered modified and they continue to advance through 
delinquency status and accrue interest according to their original 
terms. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

179 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 
Table 6.17:  TDR Modifications 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card	 
Automobile	 
Other revolving credit and installment 
Trial modifications (6)	 

Total consumer	 

Total	 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 

Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage	 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card	 
Automobile	 
Other revolving credit and installment	 
Trial modifications (6)	 

Total consumer	 

Total	 

Year ended December 31, 2015 
Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial	 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage	 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card	 
Automobile	 
Other revolving credit and installment	 
Trial modifications (6)	 

Total consumer	 

Total	 

Primary modification type (1) 

Financial effects of modifications 

Principal (2) 

Interest rate 
reduction 

Other 
concessions (3) 

Total  Charge- offs (4) 

Weighted 
average 
interest rate 
reduction 

Recorded 
investment 
related to 
interest rate 
reduction (5) 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

24 
5 
— 
— 

29 

231 
25 
— 
2 
— 
— 
258 

287 

42 
2 
— 

— 

44 

338 
23 
— 
2 
1 
— 

364 

408 

10 
14 
11 
— 

35 

400 
34 
— 
1 
— 
— 

435 

470 

45 
59 
1 
— 

105 

140 
82 
257 
15 
47 
— 
541 

646 

130 
105 
27 

— 

262 

288 
109 
180 
16 
33 
— 

626 

888 

33 
133 
15 
— 

181 

339 
99 
166 
5 
27 
— 

636 

817 

2,912 
507 
26 
37 

3,482 

1,035 
81 
— 
67 
8 
(28) 
1,163 

4,645 

3,154 
560 
72 

8 

3,794 

1,411 
106 
— 
57 
10 
44 

1,628 

5,422 

1,806 
904 
72 
— 

2,782 

1,892 
172 
— 
87 
8 
44 

2,203 

4,985 

2,981 
571 
27 
37 

3,616 

1,406 
188 
257 
84 
55 
(28) 
1,962 

5,578 

3,326 
667 
99 

8 

4,100 

2,037 
238 
180 
75 
44 
44 

2,618 

6,718 

1,849 
1,051 
98 
— 

2,998 

2,631 
305 
166 
93 
35 
44 

3,274 

6,272 

173 
20 
— 
— 

193 

15 
14 
— 
39 
1 
— 
69 

0.64%  $ 
1.28 
0.69 
— 

1.00 

2.57 
3.26 
11.98 
5.89 
7.47 
— 
6.70 

262 

5.92%  $ 

45 
59 
1 
— 

105 

257 
93 
257 
15 
47 
— 
669 

774 

130 
105 
27 

— 

262 

507 
130 
180 
16 
33 
— 

866 

1.91 %  $ 
1.15 
1.02 

— 

1.51 

2.69 
3.07 
12.09 
6.07 
6.83 
— 

4.92 

4.13 %  $ 

1,128 

1.11 %  $ 
1.47 
0.95 
— 

1.36 

2.50 
3.09 
11.44 
8.28 
5.94 
— 

4.21 

33 
133 
15 
— 

181 

656 
127 
166 
5 
27 
— 

981 

3.77 %  $ 

1,162 

360 
1 
— 

— 

361 

49 
37 
— 
36 
2 
— 

124 

485 

62 
1 
— 
— 

63 

53 
43 
— 
38 
1 
— 

135 

198 

(1) 	 Amounts represent the recorded investment in loans after recognizing the effects of the TDR, if any. TDRs may have multiple types of concessions, but are presented only 

once in the first modification type based on the order presented in the table above. The reported amounts include loans remodified of $2.1 billion, $1.6 billion and 
$2.1 billion, for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

(2) 	 Principal modifications include principal forgiveness at the time of the modification, contingent principal forgiveness granted over the life of the loan based on borrower 

performance, and principal that has been legally separated and deferred to the end of the loan, with a zero percent contractual interest rate. 

(3) 	 Other concessions include loans discharged in bankruptcy, loan renewals, term extensions and other interest and noninterest adjustments, but exclude modifications that 

also forgive principal and/or reduce the contractual interest rate. 

(4) 	 Charge-offs include write-downs of the investment in the loan in the period it is contractually modified. The amount of charge-off will differ from the modification terms if 
the loan has been charged down prior to the modification based on our policies. In addition, there may be cases where we have a charge-off/down with no legal principal 
modification. Modifications resulted in legally forgiving principal (actual, contingent or deferred) of $32 million, $67 million and $100 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. 

(5) 	 Reflects the effect of reduced interest rates on loans with an interest rate concession as one of their concession types, which includes loans reported as a principal primary 

modification type that also have an interest rate concession. 

(6) 	 Trial modifications are granted a delay in payments due under the original terms during the trial payment period. However, these loans continue to advance through 

delinquency status and accrue interest according to their original terms. Any subsequent permanent modification generally includes interest rate related concessions; 
however, the exact concession type and resulting financial effect are usually not known until the loan is permanently modified. Trial modifications for the period are 
presented net of previously reported trial modifications that became permanent in the current period. 

180 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Recorded investment of defaults 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

$ 

173 
61 
4 

1 

239 

114 
19 
74 
15 
5 
227 

466 

124 
66 
3 

— 

193 

138 
20 
56 
13 
4 
231 

424 

66 
104 
4 

— 

174 

187 
17 
52 
13 
3 
272 

446 

Table 6.18 summarizes permanent modification TDRs that 

have defaulted in the current period within 12 months of their 
permanent modification date. We are reporting these defaulted 
TDRs based on a payment default definition of 90 days past due 
for the commercial portfolio segment and 60 days past due for 
the consumer portfolio segment. 

 
Table 6.18:  Defaulted TDRs 

  

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 

Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 

Total 

Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans 
Substantially all of our PCI loans were acquired from Wachovia 
on December 31, 2008, at which time we acquired commercial 
and consumer loans with a carrying value of $18.7 billion and 
$40.1 billion, respectively. The unpaid principal balance on 
December 31, 2008 was $98.2 billion for the total of commercial 
and consumer PCI loans. Table 6.19 presents PCI loans net of 
any remaining purchase accounting adjustments. Real estate 1-4 
family first mortgage PCI loans are predominantly Pick-a-Pay 
loans. 

 
Table 6.19:  PCI Loans 

  

(in millions) 
Commercial:
 

Commercial and industrial 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Dec 31,  Dec 31, 
2016 

2017 

$ 

86 
— 
— 

86 

237
 
383 
57 

677 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien 

mortgage 

Total consumer 

12,722 

16,018 

27 

36 

12,749 

16,054 

Total PCI loans (carrying value) 

$  12,835 

16,731 

Total PCI loans (unpaid principal balance) 

$  18,975 

24,136 

Wells Fargo & Company 

181 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 

ACCRETABLE YIELD  The excess of cash flows expected to be
 collected over the carrying value of PCI loans is referred to as 
the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income using an 
effective yield method over the remaining life of the loan, or 
pools of loans. The accretable yield is affected by: 
• 	

changes in interest rate indices for variable rate PCI loans – 
expected future cash flows are based on the variable rates in 
effect at the time of the regular evaluations of cash flows 
expected to be collected; 
changes in prepayment assumptions – prepayments affect 
the estimated life of PCI loans which may change the 
amount of interest income, and possibly principal, expected 
to be collected; and 
changes in the expected principal and interest payments 
over the estimated life – updates to expected cash flows are 
driven by the credit outlook and actions taken with 

• 	

• 	

 
 
Table 6.20:  Change in Accretable Yield 

  

borrowers. Changes in expected future cash flows from loan 
modifications are included in the regular evaluations of cash 
flows expected to be collected. 

 

The change in the accretable yield related to PCI loans since 

the merger with Wachovia is presented in Table 6.20. Changes 
during 2017 reflected an expectation, as a result of our quarterly 
evaluation of PCI cash flows, that prepayment of modified Pick­
a-Pay loans will continue to increase over their estimated 
weighted-average life and that expected loss has decreased as a 
result of continued reductions in loan to value ratios and 
sustained higher housing prices. Changes during 2017 also 
reflect a $309 million gain on the sale of $569 million Pick-a-Pay 
PCI loans in second quarter 2017. 

(in millions) 

Total, beginning of period 

Addition of accretable yield due to acquisitions 
Accretion into interest income (1) 
Accretion into noninterest income due to sales (2) 
Reclassification from nonaccretable difference for loans with improving credit-related 

cash flows 

Changes in expected cash flows that do not affect nonaccretable difference (3) 

Total, end of period 

2017 

$  11,216 
2 
(1,406) 
(334) 

642 
(1,233) 

$ 

8,887 

2016 

16,301 
27 
(1,365) 
(9) 

1,221 
(4,959) 

11,216 

2015 

2009-2014 

17,790 
— 
(1,429) 
(28) 

1,166 
(1,198) 

16,301 

10,447 
132 
(12,783) 
(430) 

8,568 
11,856 

17,790 

Includes accretable yield released as a result of settlements with borrowers, which is included in interest income. 
Includes accretable yield released as a result of sales to third parties, which is included in noninterest income. 

(1) 	
(2) 	
(3) 	 Represents changes in cash flows expected to be collected due to the impact of modifications, changes in prepayment assumptions, changes in interest rates on variable 

rate PCI loans and sales to third parties. 

COMMERCIAL PCI CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS 
Table 6.21 provides a breakdown of commercial PCI loans by 
risk category. 

Table 6.21: Commercial PCI Loans by Risk Category 

 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By risk category: 

Pass 
Criticized 

Total commercial PCI loans 

December 31, 2016 
By risk category: 

Pass 
Criticized 

Total commercial PCI loans 

Commercial 
and 
industrial 

Real estate 
mortgage 

Real estate 
construction 

Total 

$

$ 

$ 

$ 

8
78 

86 

92 
145 

237 

—
— 

— 

263 
120 

383 

— 
— 

— 

47 
10 

57 

8 
78 

86 

402 
275 

677 

182 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 6.22 provides past due information for commercial 

PCI loans. 

 
Table 6.22:  Commercial PCI Loans by Delinquency Status 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD and still accruing 
30-89 DPD and still accruing 
90+ DPD and still accruing 

Total commercial PCI loans 

December 31, 2016 
By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD and still accruing 
30-89 DPD and still accruing 
90+ DPD and still accruing 

Total commercial PCI loans 

CONSUMER PCI CREDIT QUALITY INDICATORS  Our 
consumer PCI loans were aggregated into several pools of loans 
at acquisition. Below, we have provided credit quality indicators 
based on the unpaid principal balance (adjusted for write-
 
 
Table 6.23:  Consumer PCI Loans by Delinquency Status 

  

 

Commercial 
and 
industrial 

Real estate 
mortgage 

Real estate 
construction 

Total 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

86 
— 
— 

86 

235 
2 
— 

237 

— 
— 
— 

— 

353 
10 
20 

383 

— 
— 
— 

— 

48 
— 
9 

57 

86 
— 
— 

86 

636 
12 
29 

677 

downs) of the individual loans included in the pool, but we have 
not allocated the remaining purchase accounting adjustments, 
which were established at a pool level. Table 6.23 provides the 
delinquency status of consumer PCI loans. 

(in millions) 

By delinquency status: 

Current-29 DPD and still accruing 
30-59 DPD and still accruing 
60-89 DPD and still accruing 
90-119 DPD and still accruing 
120-179 DPD and still accruing 
180+ DPD and still accruing 

Total consumer PCI loans (adjusted unpaid 

principal balance) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 

$ 

$ 

$ 

13,127 
1,317 
622 
293 
219 
1,310 

16,888 

12,722 

138 
8 
3 
2 
2 
4 

157 

27 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 

16,095 
1,488 
668 
233 
238 
2,081 

20,803 

16,018 

171 
7 
2 
2 
2 
8 

192 

36 

Total 

13,265 
1,325 
625 
295 
221 
1,314 

17,045 

12,749 

Total 

16,266 
1,495 
670 
235 
240 
2,089 

20,995 

16,054 

Wells Fargo & Company 

183 

Note 6:  Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses (continued) 

 
Table 6.24 provides FICO scores for consumer PCI loans. 

 
Table 6.24:  Consumer PCI Loans by FICO 

  

December 31, 2017 (1) 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

By FICO: 
< 600 
600-639 
640-679 
680-719 
720-759 
760-799 
800+ 

No FICO available 

Total consumer PCI loans (adjusted unpaid 

principal balance) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 

Real estate  Real estate 
1-4 family 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
first 
mortgage 
mortgage 

$ 

4,014 
2,086 
2,393 
2,242 
1,779 
933 
468 
2,973 

37 
20 
24 
29 
23 
12 
6 
6 

Total 

4,051 
2,106 
2,417 
2,271 
1,802 
945 
474 
2,979 

4,292 
3,001 
3,972 
3,170 
1,767 
962 
254 
3,385 

$ 

$ 

16,888 

12,722 

157 

27 

17,045 

12,749 

20,803 

16,018 

Total 

4,338 
3,027 
4,007 
3,207 
1,791 
977 
258 
3,390 

20,995 

16,054 

46 
26 
35 
37 
24 
15 
4 
5 

192 

36 

(1)  December 31, 2017 amounts reflect updated FICO score version implemented in first quarter 2017. 

Table 6.25 shows the distribution of consumer PCI loans by 

LTV for real estate 1-4 family first mortgages and by CLTV for 
real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgages. 

 
Table 6.25:  Consumer PCI Loans by LTV/CLTV 

  

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

By LTV/CLTV: 

0-60% 
60.01-80% 
80.01-100% 
100.01-120% (1) 
> 120% (1) 

No LTV/CLTV available 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 
by LTV 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 
by CLTV 

$ 

8,010 
6,510 
1,975 
319 
73 
1 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
first 
mortgage 
by LTV 

Real estate 
1-4 family 
junior lien 
mortgage 
by CLTV 

7,513 
9,000 
3,458 
669 
161 
2

20,803 

16,018 

38 
76 
54 
18 
5 
1

192 

36 

Total 

8,055 
6,573 
2,010 
329 
76 
2 

17,045 

12,749 

Total 

7,551 
9,076 
3,512 
687 
166 
3 

20,995 

16,054 

45 
63 
35 
10 
3
1

157 

27 

Total consumer PCI loans (adjusted unpaid 

principal balance) 

Total consumer PCI loans (carrying value) 

$ 

$ 

16,888 

12,722 

(1)  Reflects total loan balances with LTV/CLTV amounts in excess of 100%. In the event of default, the loss content would generally be limited to only the amount in excess of 

100% LTV/CLTV. 

184 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 7:  Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets 

 
Table 7.1:  Premises and Equipment 

  

Table 7.3 presents the components of other assets. 

(in millions) 

Land 
Buildings 
Furniture and equipment 
Leasehold improvements 
Premises and equipment leased under 

capital leases 

Total premises and equipment 
Less: Accumulated depreciation and 

amortization 

Net book value, premises and 

equipment 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 
1,799 
8,865 
7,089 
2,291 

Dec 31, 
2016 
1,726 
8,584 
6,606 
2,199 

103 

70 

20,147 

19,185 

11,300 

10,852 

$ 

8,847 

8,333 

Depreciation and amortization expense for premises and 
equipment was $1.2 billion for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015. 

Dispositions of premises and equipment resulted in net 

 
gains of $128 million, $44 million and $75 million in 2017, 2016 
and 2015, respectively, included in other noninterest expense. 

We have obligations under a number of noncancelable 

operating leases for premises and equipment. The leases 
predominantly expire over the next fifteen years, with the 
longest expiring in 2105, and many provide for periodic 
adjustment of rentals based on changes in various economic 
 
indicators. Some leases also include a renewal option. Table 7.2 
provides the future minimum payments of noncancelable 
operating leases, net of sublease income, with terms greater than 
one year as of December 31, 2017. 

 
Table 7.2:  Minimum Lease Payments of Operating Leases 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Thereafter 

Total 

$ 

$ 

1,172 
1,095 
961 
776 
605 
1,976 

6,585 

Total minimum lease payments for operating leases above 

are net of $469 million of noncancelable sublease income. 
Operating lease rental expense (predominantly for premises) 
was $1.3 billion for the years 2017, 2016 and 2015, net of 
sublease income of $76 million, $86 million and $103 million for 
the same years, respectively. 

 
Table 7.3:  Other Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Nonmarketable equity investments: 

Cost method: 

Federal bank stock 
Private equity 
Auction rate securities 

Total cost method 

Equity method: 

LIHTC (1) 
Private equity 
Tax-advantaged renewable energy 
New market tax credit and other 

Total equity method 

Fair value (2) 

Total nonmarketable equity 

investments 

Corporate/bank-owned life insurance 
Accounts receivable (3) 
Interest receivable 
Core deposit intangibles 
Customer relationship and other amortized 

intangibles 

Foreclosed assets: 

Residential real estate: 

Government insured/guaranteed (3) 
Non-government insured/guaranteed 

Non-residential real estate 

Operating lease assets 
Due from customers on acceptances 
Other 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$ 

5,369 
1,394 
400 

7,163 

10,269 
3,839 
1,950 
294 

16,352 

4,867 

28,382 
19,549 
39,127 
5,688 
769 

6,407 
1,465 
525 

8,397 

9,714 
3,635 
2,054 
305 

15,708 

3,275 

27,380 
19,325 
31,056 
5,339 
1,620 

841 

1,089 

120 
252 
270 
9,666 
177 
13,540 

197 
378 
403 
10,089 
196 
17,469 

Total other assets 

$  118,381 

114,541 

(1)  Represents low income housing tax credit investments. 
(2)  Represents nonmarketable equity investments for which we have elected the 

fair value option. See Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) for 
additional information. 

(3)  Certain government-guaranteed residential real estate mortgage loans upon 

foreclosure are included in Accounts receivable. Both principal and interest 
related to these foreclosed real estate assets are collectible because the loans 
were predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. For more 
information on the classification of certain government-guaranteed mortgage 
loans upon foreclosure, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies). 

Wells Fargo & Company 

185 

Note 7:  Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets (continued) 

Table 7.4 presents income (expense) related to 

nonmarketable equity investments. 

 
Table 7.4:  Nonmarketable Equity Investments 

  

(in millions) 
Net realized gains from 

nonmarketable equity investments  $ 

All other 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

812 
(1,042) 

$ 

(230) 

579 
(508) 

71 

1,659 
(743) 

916 

Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investments  We invest 
in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low income 
housing tax credit (LIHTC), which is designed to promote 
private development of low income housing. These investments 
generate a return primarily through realization of federal tax 
credits. 

Total LIHTC investments were $10.3 billion and $9.7 billion 
 

at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. In 2017, we 
recognized pre-tax losses of $1.2 billion related to our LIHTC 
investments, compared with $816 million in 2016. We also 
recognized total tax benefits of $1.5 billion in 2017, which 
included tax credits recorded in income taxes of $1.1 billion. In 
2016, total tax benefits were $1.2 billion, which included tax 
credits of $939 million. We are periodically required to provide 
additional financial support during the investment period. Our 
liability for these unfunded commitments was $3.6 billion at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. Predominantly all of this liability is 
expected to be paid over the next three years. This liability is 
included in long-term debt. 

186 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities 

Involvement with SPEs 
In the normal course of business, we enter into various types of 
on- and off-balance sheet transactions with SPEs, which are 
corporations, trusts, limited liability companies or partnerships 
that are established for a limited purpose. Generally, SPEs are 
formed in connection with securitization transactions. In a 
securitization transaction, assets are transferred to an SPE, 
which then issues to investors various forms of interests in those 
assets and may also enter into derivative transactions. In a 
securitization transaction where we transferred assets from our 
balance sheet, we typically receive cash and/or other interests in 
an SPE as proceeds for the assets we transfer. Also, in certain 
transactions, we may retain the right to service the transferred 
receivables and to repurchase those receivables from the SPE if 
the outstanding balance of the receivables falls to a level where 
the cost exceeds the benefits of servicing such receivables. In 
addition, we may purchase the right to service loans in an SPE 
that were transferred to the SPE by a third party. 

In connection with our securitization activities, we have 
various forms of ongoing involvement with SPEs, which may 
include: 
• 

underwriting securities issued by SPEs and subsequently 
making markets in those securities; 
providing liquidity facilities to support short-term 
obligations of SPEs issued to third party investors; 
providing credit enhancement on securities issued by SPEs 
or market value guarantees of assets held by SPEs through 
the use of letters of credit, financial guarantees, credit 
default swaps and total return swaps; 
entering into other derivative contracts with SPEs; 
holding senior or subordinated interests in SPEs; 
acting as servicer or investment manager for SPEs; and 
providing administrative or trustee services to SPEs. 

• 

• 

• 
• 
• 
• 

SPEs formed in connection with securitization transactions 
are generally considered variable interest entities (VIEs). SPEs 
formed for other corporate purposes may be VIEs as well. A VIE 
is an entity that has either a total equity investment that is 
insufficient to finance its activities without additional 
subordinated financial support or whose equity investors lack 
the ability to control the entity’s activities or lack the ability to 
receive expected benefits or absorb obligations in a manner 
that’s consistent with their investment in the entity. A VIE is 
consolidated by its primary beneficiary, the party that has both 
the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact 
the VIE and a variable interest that could potentially be 
significant to the VIE. A variable interest is a contractual, 
ownership or other interest whose value changes with changes in 
the fair value of the VIE’s net assets. To determine whether or 
not a variable interest we hold could potentially be significant to 
the VIE, we consider both qualitative and quantitative factors 
regarding the nature, size and form of our involvement with the 
VIE. We assess whether or not we are the primary beneficiary of 
a VIE on an on-going basis. 

We have segregated our involvement with VIEs between 

those VIEs which we consolidate, those which we do not 
consolidate and those for which we account for the transfers of 
financial assets as secured borrowings. Secured borrowings are 
transactions involving transfers of our financial assets to third 
parties that are accounted for as financings with the assets 
pledged as collateral. Accordingly, the transferred assets remain 
recognized on our balance sheet. Subsequent tables within this 
Note further segregate these transactions by structure type. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

187 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

Table 8.1 provides the classifications of assets and liabilities 

in our balance sheet for our transactions with VIEs. 

 
Table 8.1:  Balance Sheet Transactions with VIEs 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Cash 

Federal  funds  sold,  securities  purchased  under  resale  agreements  and  other 
short-term investments 
Trading assets 
Investment securities (1) 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights 
Derivative assets 
Other assets 

Total assets 

Short-term borrowings 
Derivative liabilities 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
Long-term debt 

Total liabilities 

Noncontrolling interests 

Net assets 

December 31, 2016 
Cash 

Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term 
investments 
Trading assets 
Investment securities (1) 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights 
Derivative assets 
Other assets 

Total assets 

Short-term borrowings 
Derivative liabilities 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
Long-term debt 

Total liabilities 

Noncontrolling interests 

Net assets 

VIEs that 
we do not 
consolidate 

VIEs that 
we 
consolidate 

$

— 

116 

— 
1,305 
3,773 
4,274 
13,628 
44 
10,740 

33,764 
— 
106 
244 
3,590 

3,940 

— 

376 
294 
— 
12,482 
— 
— 
349 

13,617 
— 
5  (2) 
132  (2) 
1,479  (2) 

1,616 

283 

$  29,824 

11,718 

$

— 

168 

— 
2,034 
8,530 
6,698 
13,386 
91 
10,281 

41,020 
— 
59 
306 
3,598 

3,963 

— 

$ 

37,057 

74 
130 
— 
12,589 
— 
1 
452 

13,414 
— 
33  (2) 
107  (2) 
3,694  (2) 

3,834 

138 

9,442 

Transfers 
that we 
account for 
as secured 
borrowings 

— 

— 
201 
358 
110 
— 
— 
6 

675 
522 
— 
10 
111 

643 

— 

32 

— 

— 
201 
786 
138 
— 
— 
11 

1,136 
905 
— 
2 
136 

1,043 

— 

93 

Total 

116 

376 
1,800 
4,131 
16,866 
13,628 
44 
11,095 

48,056 
522 
111 
386 
5,180 

6,199 

283 

41,574 

168 

74 
2,365 
9,316 
19,425 
13,386 
92 
10,744 

55,570 
905 
92 
415 
7,428 

8,840 

138 

46,592 

(1)  Excludes certain debt securities related to loans serviced for the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and 

GNMA. 

(2)  There were no VIE liabilities with recourse to the general credit of Wells Fargo for the periods presented. 

Transactions with Unconsolidated VIEs 
Our transactions with unconsolidated VIEs include 
securitizations of residential mortgage loans, CRE loans, student 
loans, automobile loans and leases, certain dealer floorplan 
loans; investment and financing activities involving 
collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) backed by asset-backed 
and CRE securities, tax credit structures, collateralized loan 
obligations (CLOs) backed by corporate loans, and other types of 
structured financing. We have various forms of involvement with 
VIEs, including servicing, holding senior or subordinated 
interests, entering into liquidity arrangements, credit default 
swaps and other derivative contracts. Involvements with these 
unconsolidated VIEs are recorded on our balance sheet in 

trading assets, investment securities, loans, MSRs, derivative 
assets and liabilities, other assets, other liabilities, and long-term 
debt, as appropriate. 

Table 8.2 provides a summary of unconsolidated VIEs with 

which we have significant continuing involvement, but we are 
not the primary beneficiary. We do not consider our continuing 
involvement in an unconsolidated VIE to be significant when it 
relates to third-party sponsored VIEs for which we were not the 
transferor (unless we are servicer and have other significant 
forms of involvement) or if we were the sponsor only or sponsor 
and servicer but do not have any other forms of significant 
involvement. 

188 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Significant continuing involvement includes transactions 

where we were the sponsor or transferor and have other 
significant forms of involvement. Sponsorship includes 
transactions with unconsolidated VIEs where we solely or 
materially participated in the initial design or structuring of the 
entity or marketing of the transaction to investors. When we 
transfer assets to a VIE and account for the transfer as a sale, we 
are considered the transferor. We consider investments in 
securities (other than those held temporarily in trading), loans, 
guarantees, liquidity agreements, written options and servicing 
of collateral to be other forms of involvement that may be 

 
Table 8.2:  Unconsolidated VIEs 

  

significant. We have excluded certain transactions with 
unconsolidated VIEs from the balances presented in the 
following table where we have determined that our continuing 
involvement is not significant due to the temporary nature and 
size of our variable interests, because we were not the transferor 
or because we were not involved in the design of the 
unconsolidated VIEs. We also exclude from the table secured 
borrowing transactions with unconsolidated VIEs (for 
information on these transactions, see the Transactions with 
Consolidated VIEs and Secured Borrowings section in this Note). 

Total 
VIE 
assets 

Debt and 
equity 
interests (1) 

Servicing 
assets 

Derivatives 

Other 
commitments 
and 

guarantees  Net assets 

Carrying value – asset (liability) 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Residential mortgage loan securitizations: 

Conforming (2) 
Other/nonconforming 

Commercial mortgage securitizations 
Collateralized debt obligations: 

Debt securities 
Loans (3) 

Asset-based finance structures 
Tax credit structures 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Investment funds 
Other (4) 

$  1,169,410 
14,175 
144,650 

1,031 
1,481 
2,333 
31,852 
23 
225 
2,257 

Total 

$  1,367,437 

Residential mortgage loan securitizations: 

Conforming 
Other/nonconforming 

Commercial mortgage securitizations 
Collateralized debt obligations: 

Debt securities 
Loans (3) 

Asset-based finance structures 
Tax credit structures 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Investment funds 
Other (4) 

Total 

(continued on following page) 

2,100 
598 
2,198 

— 
1,443 
1,867 
11,258 
1 
50 
577 

20,092 

12,665 
73 
890 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

13,628 

— 
— 
28 

5 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(95) 

(62) 

Debt and 
equity 
interests (1) 

Servicing 
assets 

Derivatives 

(190) 
— 
(34) 

14,575 
671 
3,082 

(20) 
— 
— 
(3,590) 
— 
— 
— 

(15) 
1,443 
1,867 
7,668 
1 
50 
482 

(3,834) 

29,824 
Maximum exposure to loss 

Other 
commitments 
and 
guarantees 

Total 
exposure 

$ 

2,100 
598 
2,198 

— 
1,443 
1,867 
11,258 
1 
50 
577 

12,665 
73 
890 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

$ 

20,092 

13,628 

— 
— 
42 

5 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
120 

167 

1,137 
— 
10,202 

20 
— 
71 
1,175 
— 
— 
157 

12,762 

15,902 
671 
13,332 

25 
1,443 
1,938 
12,433 
1 
50 
854 

46,649 

Wells Fargo & Company 

189 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2016 
Residential mortgage loan securitizations: 

Conforming (2) 
Other/nonconforming 

Commercial mortgage securitizations 
Collateralized debt obligations: 

Debt securities 
Loans (3) 

Asset-based finance structures 
Tax credit structures 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Investment funds 
Other (4) 

Total 

Residential mortgage loan securitizations: 

Conforming 
Other/nonconforming 

Commercial mortgage securitizations 
Collateralized debt obligations: 

Debt securities 
Loans (3) 

Asset-based finance structures 
Tax credit structures 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Investment funds 
Other (4) 

Total 

Total 
VIE 

Debt and 
equity 
assets  interests (1) 

Servicing 
assets 

Derivatives 

Carrying value - asset (liability) 

Other 
commitments 
and 
guarantees 

Net assets 

$ 1,166,296 
18,805 
166,596 

1,472 
1,545 
9,152 
29,713 
78 
214 
1,733 

$ 1,395,604 

3,026 
873 
4,258 

— 
1,507 
6,522 
10,669 
10 
48 
630 

27,543 

12,434 
109 
843 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

13,386 

— 
— 
87 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(56) 

31 

(232) 
(2) 
(35) 

(25) 
— 
— 
(3,609) 
— 
— 
— 

(3,903) 

15,228 
980 
5,153 

(25) 
1,507 
6,522 
7,060 
10 
48 
574 

37,057 

Debt and 
equity 
interests (1) 

Servicing 
assets 

Derivatives 

Maximum exposure to loss 

Other 
commitments 
and 
guarantees 

Total 
exposure 

$ 

3,026 
873 
4,258 

— 
1,507 
6,522 
10,669 
10 
48 
630 

12,434 
109 
843 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
94 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
93 

979 
2 
9,566 

25 
— 
72 
1,104 
— 
— 
— 

$ 

27,543 

13,386 

187 

11,748 

16,439 
984 
14,761 

25 
1,507 
6,594 
11,773 
10 
48 
723 

52,864 

(1) 

Includes total equity interests of $10.7 billion and $10.3 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Also includes debt interests in the form of both loans and 
securities. Excludes certain debt securities held related to loans serviced for FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA. 

(2)  Excludes assets and related liabilities with a recorded carrying value on our balance sheet of $2.2 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for 

certain delinquent loans that are eligible for repurchase from GNMA loan securitizations. The recorded carrying value represents the amount that would be payable if the 
Company was to exercise the repurchase option. The carrying amounts are excluded from the table because the loans eligible for repurchase do not represent interests in 
the VIEs. 

(3)  Represents senior loans to trusts that are collateralized by asset-backed securities. The trusts invest predominantly in senior tranches from a diversified pool of U.S. asset 

securitizations, of which all are current and 100% were rated as investment grade by the primary rating agencies at both December 31, 2017 and 2016. These senior loans 
are accounted for at amortized cost and are subject to the Company’s allowance and credit charge-off policies. 
Includes structured financing and credit-linked note structures. Also contains investments in auction rate securities (ARS) issued by VIEs that we do not sponsor and, 
accordingly, are unable to obtain the total assets of the entity. 

(4) 

In Table 8.2, “Total VIE assets” represents the remaining 
principal balance of assets held by unconsolidated VIEs using 
the most current information available. For VIEs that obtain 
exposure to assets synthetically through derivative instruments, 
the remaining notional amount of the derivative is included in 
the asset balance. “Carrying value” is the amount in our 
consolidated balance sheet related to our involvement with the 
unconsolidated VIEs. “Maximum exposure to loss” from our 
involvement with off-balance sheet entities, which is a required 
disclosure under GAAP, is determined as the carrying value of 
our involvement with off-balance sheet (unconsolidated) VIEs 
plus the remaining undrawn liquidity and lending commitments, 
the notional amount of net written derivative contracts, and 
generally the notional amount of, or stressed loss estimate for, 
other commitments and guarantees. It represents estimated loss 

that would be incurred under severe, hypothetical 
circumstances, for which we believe the possibility is extremely 
remote, such as where the value of our interests and any 
associated collateral declines to zero, without any consideration 
of recovery or offset from any economic hedges. Accordingly, 
this required disclosure is not an indication of expected loss. 
 
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOANS  Residential mortgage loan 
securitizations are financed through the issuance of fixed-rate or 
floating-rate asset-backed securities, which are collateralized by 
the loans transferred to a VIE. We typically transfer loans we 
originated to these VIEs, account for the transfers as sales, retain 
the right to service the loans and may hold other beneficial 
interests issued by the VIEs. We also may be exposed to limited 
liability related to recourse agreements and repurchase 

 

190 

Wells Fargo & Company 

agreements we make to our issuers and purchasers, which are 
included in other commitments and guarantees. In certain 
instances, we may service residential mortgage loan 
securitizations structured by third parties whose loans we did 
not originate or transfer. Our residential mortgage loan 
securitizations consist of conforming and nonconforming 
securitizations. 

Conforming residential mortgage loan securitizations are 

those that are guaranteed by the GSEs, including GNMA. 
Because of the power of the GSEs over the VIEs that hold the 
assets from these conforming residential mortgage loan 
securitizations, we do not consolidate them. 

The loans sold to the VIEs in nonconforming residential 

mortgage loan securitizations are those that do not qualify for a 
GSE guarantee. We may hold variable interests issued by the 
VIEs, including senior securities. We do not consolidate the 
nonconforming residential mortgage loan securitizations 
included in the table because we either do not hold any variable 
interests, hold variable interests that we do not consider 
potentially significant or are not the primary servicer for a 
majority of the VIE assets. 

Other commitments and guarantees include amounts 

related to loans sold that we may be required to repurchase, or 
otherwise indemnify or reimburse the investor or insurer for 
losses incurred, due to material breach of contractual 
representations and warranties as well as other retained 
recourse arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss for 
material breach of contractual representations and warranties 
represents a stressed case estimate we utilize for determining 
stressed case regulatory capital needs and is considered to be a 
remote scenario. 
 
COMMERCIAL MORTGAGE LOAN SECURITIZATIONS 
Commercial mortgage loan securitizations are financed through 
the issuance of fixed or floating-rate asset-backed securities, 
which are collateralized by the loans transferred to the VIE. In a 
typical securitization, we may transfer loans we originate to 
these VIEs, account for the transfers as sales, retain the right to 
service the loans and may hold other beneficial interests issued 
by the VIEs. In certain instances, we may service commercial 
mortgage loan securitizations structured by third parties whose 
loans we did not originate or transfer. We typically serve as 
primary or master servicer of these VIEs. The primary or master 
servicer in a commercial mortgage loan securitization typically 
cannot make the most significant decisions impacting the 
performance of the VIE and therefore does not have power over 
the VIE. We do not consolidate the commercial mortgage loan 
securitizations included in the disclosure because we either do 
not have power or do not have a variable interest that could 
potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
COLLATERALIZED DEBT OBLIGATIONS (CDOs)  A CDO is a 
securitization where a VIE purchases a pool of assets consisting 
of asset-backed securities and issues multiple tranches of equity 
or notes to investors. In some CDOs, a portion of the assets are 
obtained synthetically through the use of derivatives such as 
credit default swaps or total return swaps. 

 

In addition to our role as arranger, we may have other forms 
of involvement with these CDOs. Such involvement may include 
acting as liquidity provider, derivative counterparty, secondary 
market maker or investor. For certain CDOs, we may also act as 
the collateral manager or servicer. We receive fees in connection 
with our role as collateral manager or servicer. 

We assess whether we are the primary beneficiary of CDOs 

based on our role in them in combination with the variable 

interests we hold. Subsequently, we monitor our ongoing 
involvement to determine if the nature of our involvement has 
changed. We are not the primary beneficiary of these CDOs in 
most cases because we do not act as the collateral manager or 
servicer, which generally denotes power. In cases where we are 
the collateral manager or servicer, we are not the primary 
beneficiary because we do not hold interests that could 
potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS (CLOs)  A CLO is a 
securitization where an SPE purchases a pool of assets consisting 
of loans and issues multiple tranches of equity or notes to 
investors. Generally, CLOs are structured on behalf of a third 
party asset manager that typically selects and manages the assets 
for the term of the CLO. Typically, the asset manager has the 
power over the significant decisions of the VIE through its 
discretion to manage the assets of the CLO. We assess whether 
we are the primary beneficiary of CLOs based on our role in 
them and the variable interests we hold. In most cases, we are 
not the primary beneficiary because we do not have the power to 
manage the collateral in the VIE. 

 

In addition to our role as arranger, we may have other forms 
of involvement with these CLOs. Such involvement may include 
acting as underwriter, derivative counterparty, secondary market 
maker or investor. For certain CLOs, we may also act as the 
servicer, for which we receive fees in connection with that role. 
We also earn fees for arranging these CLOs and distributing the 
securities. 
 
ASSET-BASED FINANCE STRUCTURES  We engage in various 
forms of structured finance arrangements with VIEs that are 
collateralized by various asset classes including energy contracts, 
automobile and other transportation loans and leases, 
intellectual property, equipment and general corporate credit. 
We typically provide senior financing, and may act as an interest 
rate swap or commodity derivative counterparty when necessary. 
In most cases, we are not the primary beneficiary of these 
structures because we do not have power over the significant 
activities of the VIEs involved in them. 

 

For example, we have investments in asset-backed securities 

that are collateralized by automobile leases or loans and cash. 
These fixed-rate and variable-rate securities have been 
structured as single-tranche, fully amortizing, unrated bonds 
that are equivalent to investment-grade securities due to their 
significant overcollateralization. The securities are issued by 
VIEs that have been formed by third party automobile financing 
institutions primarily because they require a source of liquidity 
to fund ongoing vehicle sales operations. The third party 
automobile financing institutions manage the collateral in the 
VIEs, which is indicative of power in them and we therefore do 
not consolidate these VIEs. 

 

TAX CREDIT STRUCTURES  We co-sponsor and make 
investments in affordable housing and sustainable energy 
projects that are designed to generate a return primarily through 
the realization of federal tax credits. In some instances, our 
investments in these structures may require that we fund future 
capital commitments at the discretion of the project sponsors. 
While the size of our investment in a single entity may at times 
exceed 50% of the outstanding equity interests, we do not 
consolidate these structures due to the project sponsor’s ability 
to manage the projects, which is indicative of power in them. 
 

Wells Fargo & Company 

191 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

 

INVESTMENT FUNDS  Subsequent to adopting ASU 2015-02 
(Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis) in first quarter 
2016, we do not consolidate these investment funds because we 
do not hold variable interests that are considered significant to 
the funds. 

We voluntarily waived a portion of our management fees for 

certain money market funds that are exempt from the 
consolidation analysis to ensure the funds maintained a 
minimum level of daily net investment income. The amount of 
fees waived in 2017 and 2016 was $53 million and $109 million, 
respectively. 

OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH VIEs  Other VIEs include 
certain entities that issue auction rate securities (ARS) which are 
debt instruments with long-term maturities, that re-price more 
frequently, and preferred equities with no maturity. At 
December 31, 2017, we held $400 million of ARS issued by VIEs 
compared with $453 million at December 31, 2016. We acquired 
the ARS pursuant to agreements entered into in 2008 and 2009. 
We do not consolidate the VIEs that issued the ARS because 

we do not have power over the activities of the VIEs. 

  

TRUST PREFERRED SECURITIES  VIEs that we wholly own 
issue debt securities or preferred equity to third party investors. 
All of the proceeds of the issuance are invested in debt securities 
or preferred equity that we issue to the VIEs. The VIEs’ 
operations and cash flows relate only to the issuance, 
administration and repayment of the securities held by third 
parties. We do not consolidate these VIEs because the sole assets 
of the VIEs are receivables from us, even though we own all of 

 
Table 8.3:  Cash Flows From Sales and Securitization Activity 

  

the voting equity shares of the VIEs, have fully guaranteed the 
obligations of the VIEs and may have the right to redeem the 
third party securities under certain circumstances. In our 
consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2017 and 2016, we 
reported the debt securities issued to the VIEs as long-term 
junior subordinated debt with a carrying value of $2.0 billion 
 
and $2.1 billion, respectively, and the preferred equity securities 
issued to the VIEs as preferred stock with a carrying value of 
$2.5 billion at both dates. These amounts are in addition to the 
involvements in these VIEs included in the preceding table. 

In 2017, we redeemed $150 million of trust preferred 

securities which were partially included in Tier 2 capital (50% 
credit in 2017) in the transitional framework and were not 
included under the fully-phased framework under the Basel III 
standards. 
 
Loan Sales and Securitization Activity 
We periodically transfer consumer and CRE loans and other 
types of financial assets in securitization and whole loan sale 
transactions. We typically retain the servicing rights from these 
sales and may continue to hold other beneficial interests in the 
transferred financial assets. We may also provide liquidity to 
investors in the beneficial interests and credit enhancements in 
the form of standby letters of credit. Through these transfers we 
may be exposed to liability under limited amounts of recourse as 
well as standard representations and warranties we make to 
purchasers and issuers. Table 8.3 presents the cash flows for our 
transfers accounted for as sales. 

(in millions) 

Proceeds from securitizations and whole loan sales 
Fees from servicing rights retained 
Cash flows from other interests held (1) 
Repurchases of assets/loss reimbursements (2): 

Mortgage 
loans 

$  228,282 
3,352 
2,218 

Non-agency securitizations and whole loan transactions 
Agency securitizations (3) 

Servicing advances, net of repayments 

12 
92 
(269) 

2017 
Other 
financial 
assets 

25 
— 
1 

— 
— 
— 

Mortgage 
loans 

252,723 
3,492 
2,898 

26 
133 
(218) 

Year ended December 31, 

2016 
Other 
financial 
assets 

347 
— 
1 

—
—
— 

Mortgage 
loans 

202,335 
3,675 
1,297 

14 
300 
(764) 

2015 
Other 
financial 
assets 

531 
5 
38 

— 
— 
— 

(1)  Cash flows from other interests held include principal and interest payments received on retained bonds and excess cash flows received on interest-only strips. 
(2)  Consists of cash paid to repurchase loans from investors and cash paid to investors to reimburse them for losses on individual loans that are already liquidated. In addition, 

during 2017, we paid nothing to third-party investors to settle repurchase liabilities on pools of loans, compared with $11 million and $19 million in 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. 

(3)  Represent loans repurchased from GNMA, FNMA, and FHLMC under representation and warranty provisions included in our loan sales contracts. Excludes $8.6 billion in 

delinquent insured/guaranteed loans that we service and have exercised our option to purchase out of GNMA pools in 2017, compared with $9.9 billion and $11.3 billion in 
2016 and 2015, respectively. These loans are predominantly insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA. 

 

192 

Wells Fargo & Company 

During 2017, 2016 and 2015, we transferred $16.7 billion, 
$18.3 billion and $17.3 billion, respectively, in carrying value of 
commercial mortgages to unconsolidated VIEs and third-party 
investors and recorded the transfers as sales. These transfers 
 
resulted in gains of $359 million in 2017, $429 million in 2016 
and $338 million in 2015, respectively, because the loans were 
carried at lower of cost or market value (LOCOM). In connection 
with these transfers, in 2017 we recorded a servicing asset of 
$166 million, initially measured at fair value using a Level 3 
measurement technique, and securities of $65 million, classified 
 
as Level 2. In 2016, we recorded a servicing asset of $270 million 
and securities of $258 million. In 2015, we recorded a servicing 
asset of $180 million and securities of $241 million. 

Retained Interests from Unconsolidated VIEs 
Table 8.5 provides key economic assumptions and the sensitivity 
of the current fair value of residential mortgage servicing rights 
and other interests held to immediate adverse changes in those 
assumptions. “Other interests held” relate to residential and 
commercial mortgage loan securitizations. Residential 
mortgage-backed securities retained in securitizations issued 
through GSEs, such as FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA, are excluded 
from the table because these securities have a remote risk of 
credit loss due to the GSE guarantee. These securities also have 
economic characteristics similar to GSE mortgage-backed 
securities that we purchase, which are not included in the table. 
Subordinated interests include only those bonds whose credit 
rating was below AAA by a major rating agency at issuance. 
Senior interests include only those bonds whose credit rating 
was AAA by a major rating agency at issuance. The information 
presented excludes trading positions held in inventory. 

In 2017, 2016, and 2015, we recognized net gains of 

$701 million, $524 million and $506 million, respectively, from 
transfers accounted for as sales of financial assets. These net 
gains primarily relate to commercial mortgage securitizations 
and residential mortgage securitizations where the loans were 
not already carried at fair value. 

Sales with continuing involvement during 2017, 2016 and 
2015 largely related to securitizations of residential mortgages 
that are sold to the government-sponsored entities (GSEs), 
including FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA (conforming residential 
mortgage securitizations). During 2017, 2016 and 2015 we 
transferred $213.6 billion, $236.6 billion and $186.6 billion, 
respectively, in fair value of residential mortgages to 
unconsolidated VIEs and third-party investors and recorded the 
transfers as sales. Substantially all of these transfers did not 
result in a gain or loss because the loans were already carried at 
fair value. In connection with all of these transfers, in 2017 we 
recorded a $2.1 billion servicing asset, measured at fair value 
using a Level 3 measurement technique, securities of 
$1.4 billion, classified as Level 2, and a $24 million liability for 
repurchase losses which reflects management’s estimate of 
probable losses related to various representations and 
warranties for the loans transferred, initially measured at fair 
value. In 2016, we recorded a $2.1 billion servicing asset, 
securities of $4.4 billion and a $36 million liability. In 2015, we 
 
recorded a $1.6 billion servicing asset, securities of $1.9 billion 
and a $43 million liability. 

Table 8.4 presents the key weighted-average assumptions 
we used to measure residential mortgage servicing rights at the 
date of securitization. 

 
Table 8.4:  Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights 

  

Residential mortgage servicing rights 

2017 

2016 

2015 

Year ended December 31, 
Prepayment speed (1) 
Discount rate 
Cost to service ($ per loan) (2)  $ 

11.5% 

7.0 
132 

11.7 
6.5 
132 

12.1 
7.3 
223 

(1)  The prepayment speed assumption for residential mortgage servicing rights 
includes a blend of prepayment speeds and default rates. Prepayment speed 
assumptions are influenced by mortgage interest rate inputs as well as our 
estimation of drivers of borrower behavior. 
Includes costs to service and unreimbursed foreclosure costs, which can vary 
period to period depending on the mix of modified government-guaranteed 
loans sold to GNMA. 

(2) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

193 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

 
Table 8.5:  Retained Interests from Unconsolidated VIEs 

  

($ in millions, except cost to service amounts) 

Fair value of interests held at December 31, 2017 
Expected weighted-average life (in years) 

Key economic assumptions: 

Prepayment speed assumption (3) 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% adverse change 
25% adverse change 

Discount rate assumption 

Decrease in fair value from: 
100 basis point increase 
200 basis point increase 

Cost to service assumption ($ per loan) 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% adverse change 
25% adverse change 

Credit loss assumption 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% higher losses 
25% higher losses 

Residential 
mortgage 
servicing 
rights (1) 

$  13,625 

6.2 

Interest-only 
strips 

19 
3.3 

10.5% 

20.0 

$ 

565 
1,337 

1 
2 

6.9% 

14.8 

— 
1 

$ 

652 
1,246 

143 

467 
1,169 

Fair value of interests held at December 31, 2016 
Expected weighted-average life (in years) 

$  12,959 

6.3 

28 
3.9 

Key economic assumptions: 
Prepayment speed assumption (3) 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% adverse change 
25% adverse change 

Discount rate assumption 

Decrease in fair value from: 
100 basis point increase 
200 basis point increase 

Cost to service assumption ($ per loan) 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% adverse change 
25% adverse change 

Credit loss assumption 

Decrease in fair value from: 

10% higher losses 
25% higher losses 

$ 

$ 

10.3 % 

17.4 

583 
1,385 

1 
2 

6.8 % 

13.3 

1 
1 

649 
1,239 

155 

515 
1,282 

Other interests held 

Consumer 
Subordinated 
bonds 

Subordinated 
bonds 

Commercial (2) 
Senior 
bonds 

— 
0.0 

— 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

—% 

— 
— 

1 
8.3 

13.5 

— 
— 

10.7 

— 
— 

3.0 % 

— 
— 

$ 

$ 

596 
6.7 

468 
5.2 

4.1 

32 
61 

1.8 

— 
— 

249 
3.1 

5.2 

7 
12 

4.7 

— 
— 

3.1 

20 
39 

— 

— 
— 

552 
5.1 

2.7 

23 
45 

— 

— 
— 

(1)  See narrative following this table for a discussion of commercial mortgage servicing rights. 
(2)  Prepayment speed assumptions do not significantly impact the value of commercial mortgage securitization bonds as the underlying commercial mortgage loans experience 

significantly lower prepayments due to certain contractual restrictions, impacting the borrower’s ability to prepay the mortgage. 

(3)  The prepayment speed assumption for residential mortgage servicing rights includes a blend of prepayment speeds and default rates. Prepayment speed assumptions are 

influenced by mortgage interest rate inputs as well as our estimation of drivers of borrower behavior. 

194 

Wells Fargo & Company 

In addition to residential mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) 

included in the previous table, we have a small portfolio of 
commercial MSRs with a fair value of $2.0 billion at both 
December 31, 2017 and 2016. The nature of our commercial 
MSRs, which are carried at LOCOM, is different from our 
residential MSRs. Prepayment activity on serviced loans does 
not significantly impact the value of commercial MSRs because, 
unlike residential mortgages, commercial mortgages experience 
significantly lower prepayments due to certain contractual 
restrictions, impacting the borrower’s ability to prepay the 
mortgage. Additionally, for our commercial MSR portfolio, we 
are typically master/primary servicer, but not the special 
servicer, who is separately responsible for the servicing and 
workout of delinquent and foreclosed loans. It is the special 
servicer, similar to our role as servicer of residential mortgage 
loans, who is affected by higher servicing and foreclosure costs 
due to an increase in delinquent and foreclosed loans. 
Accordingly, prepayment speeds and costs to service are not key 
assumptions for commercial MSRs as they do not significantly 
impact the valuation. The primary economic driver impacting 
the fair value of our commercial MSRs is forward interest rates, 
which are derived from market observable yield curves used to 
price capital markets instruments. Market interest rates 
significantly affect interest earned on custodial deposit balances. 
The sensitivity of the current fair value to an immediate adverse 
25% change in the assumption about interest earned on deposit 
balances at December 31, 2017, and 2016, results in a decrease in 
fair value of $278 million and $259 million, respectively. See 
Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) for further information on 
our commercial MSRs. 

We also have a loan to an unconsolidated third party VIE 

that we extended in fourth quarter 2014 in conjunction with our 
sale of government guaranteed student loans. The loan is carried 
at amortized cost and approximates fair value at December 31, 
2017 and 2016. The carrying amount of the loan at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, was $1.3 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively. 
The estimated fair value of the loan is considered a Level 3 
measurement that is determined using discounted cash flows 

 
Table 8.6:  Off-Balance Sheet Loans Sold or Securitized 

  

that are based on changes in the discount rate due to changes in 
the risk premium component (credit spreads). The primary 
economic assumption impacting the fair value of our loan is the 
discount rate. Changes in the credit loss assumption are not 
expected to affect the estimated fair value of the loan due to the 
government guarantee of the underlying collateral. The 
sensitivity of the current fair value to an immediate adverse 
increase of 200 basis points in the risk premium component of 
the discount rate assumption is a decrease in fair value of 
$25 million and $154 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 

The sensitivities in the preceding paragraphs and table are 

hypothetical and caution should be exercised when relying on 
this data. Changes in value based on variations in assumptions 
generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the 
change in the assumption to the change in value may not be 
linear. Also, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption 
on the value of the other interests held is calculated 
independently without changing any other assumptions. In 
reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in others (for 
example, changes in prepayment speed estimates could result in 
changes in the credit losses), which might magnify or counteract 
the sensitivities. 

Off-Balance Sheet Loans 
Table 8.6 presents information about the principal balances of 
off-balance sheet loans that were sold or securitized, including 
residential mortgage loans sold to FNMA, FHLMC, GNMA and 
other investors, for which we have some form of continuing 
involvement (including servicer). Delinquent loans include loans 
90 days or more past due and loans in bankruptcy, regardless of 
delinquency status. For loans sold or securitized where servicing 
is our only form of continuing involvement, we would only 
experience a loss if we were required to repurchase a delinquent 
loan or foreclosed asset due to a breach in representations and 
warranties associated with our loan sale or servicing contracts. 

Total loans 

December 31, 

Delinquent loans and 
foreclosed assets (1) 

December 31, 

Net charge-offs 

Year ended 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2017 

2016 

2017 

2016 

(in millions) 

Commercial: 

Real estate mortgage 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

$ 

100,875 

100,875 

106,745 

106,745 

2,839 

2,839 

3,325 

3,325 

1,027 

1,027 

735 

735 

1,762 

279 

279 

1,011 

1,011 

1,290 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 

Total consumer 

1,126,208 

1,160,191 

1,126,208 

1,160,191 

Total off-balance sheet sold or securitized loans (2) 

$  1,227,083 

1,266,936 

13,393 

13,393 

16,232 

16,453 

16,453 

19,778 

(1) 

Includes $1.2 billion and $1.7 billion of commercial foreclosed assets and $879 million and $1.8 billion of consumer foreclosed assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 

(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the table includes total loans of $1.1 trillion and $1.2 trillion, delinquent loans of $9.1 billion and $9.8 billion, and foreclosed assets of 

$619 million and $1.3 billion, respectively, for FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA. Net charge-offs exclude loans sold to FNMA, FHLMC and GNMA as we do not service or manage the 
underlying real estate upon foreclosure and, as such, do not have access to net charge-off information. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

195 

Note 8:  Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities (continued) 

Transactions with Consolidated VIEs and Secured 
Borrowings 
Table 8.7 presents a summary of financial assets and liabilities 
for asset transfers accounted for as secured borrowings and 
involvements with consolidated VIEs. Carrying values of 
“Assets” are presented using GAAP measurement methods, 
which may include fair value, credit impairment or other 

adjustments, and therefore in some instances will differ from 
“Total VIE assets.” For VIEs that obtain exposure synthetically 
through derivative instruments, the remaining notional amount 
of the derivative is included in “Total VIE assets.” On the 
consolidated balance sheet, we separately disclose the 
consolidated assets of certain VIEs that can only be used to settle 
the liabilities of those VIEs. 

 
Table 8.7:  Transactions with Consolidated VIEs and Secured Borrowings 

  

Total VIE 
assets 

Assets 

Liabilities 

Noncontrolling 
interests 

Net assets 

Carrying value 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Secured borrowings: 

Municipal tender option bond securitizations 
Residential mortgage securitizations 

Total secured borrowings 

Consolidated VIEs: 

Commercial and industrial loans and leases 
Nonconforming residential mortgage loan securitizations 
Commercial real estate loans 
Structured asset finance 
Investment funds 
Other 

Total consolidated VIEs 

$ 

658 
113 

771 

9,116 
2,515 
2,378 
10 
305 
100 

14,424 

Total secured borrowings and consolidated VIEs 

$  15,195 

December 31, 2016 
Secured borrowings: 

Municipal tender option bond securitizations 
Residential mortgage securitizations 

$ 

Total secured borrowings 

Consolidated VIEs: 

Commercial and industrial loans and leases 
Nonconforming residential mortgage loan securitizations 
Commercial real estate loans 
Structured asset finance 
Investment funds 
Other 

1,473 
139 

1,612 

8,821 
3,349 
1,516 
23 
142 
166 

Total consolidated VIEs 

Total secured borrowings and consolidated VIEs 

14,017 

$ 

15,629 

565 
110 

675 

8,626 
2,212 
2,378 
6 
305 
90 

13,617 

14,292 

(532) 
(111) 

(643) 

(915) 
(694) 
— 
(4) 
(2) 
(1) 

(1,616) 

(2,259) 

998 
138 

(907) 
(136) 

1,136 

(1,043) 

8,623 
2,974 
1,516 
13 
142 
146 

13,414 

14,550 

(2,819) 
(1,003) 
— 
(9) 
(2) 
(1) 

(3,834) 

(4,877) 

— 
— 

— 

(29) 
— 
— 
— 
(230) 
(24) 

(283) 

(283) 

— 
— 

— 

(14) 
— 
— 
— 
(67) 
(57) 

(138) 

(138) 

33 
(1) 

32 

7,682 
1,518 
2,378 
2 
73 
65 

11,718 

11,750 

91 
2 

93 

5,790 
1,971 
1,516 
4 
73 
88 

9,442 

9,535 

In addition to the structure types included in the previous 
 
table, at December 31, 2016, we had approximately $6.0 billion 
of private placement debt financing issued through a 
consolidated VIE. The issuance was classified as long-term debt 
in our consolidated financial statements. At December 31, 2016, 
we pledged approximately $434 million in loans (principal and 
interest eligible to be capitalized), and $6.1 billion in available-
for-sale securities to collateralize the VIE’s borrowings. These 
assets were not transferred to the VIE, and accordingly, we have 
excluded the VIE from the previous table. During 2017, the 
private placement debt financing was repaid, and the entity was 
no longer considered a VIE. 

We have raised financing through the securitization of 

certain financial assets in transactions with VIEs accounted for 
as secured borrowings. We also consolidate VIEs where we are 
the primary beneficiary. In certain transactions, we provide 
contractual support in the form of limited recourse and liquidity 
to facilitate the remarketing of short-term securities issued to 
third party investors. Other than this limited contractual 

  

support, the assets of the VIEs are the sole source of repayment 
of the securities held by third parties. 
 
MUNICIPAL TENDER OPTION BOND SECURITIZATIONS  As 
part of our normal investment portfolio activities, we consolidate 
municipal bond trusts that hold highly rated, long-term, fixed-
rate municipal bonds, the majority of which are rated AA or 
better. Our residual interests in these trusts generally allow us to 
capture the economics of owning the securities outright, and 
constructively make decisions that significantly impact the 
economic performance of the municipal bond vehicle, primarily 
by directing the sale of the municipal bonds owned by the 
vehicle. In addition, the residual interest owners have the right 
to receive benefits and bear losses that are proportional to 
owning the underlying municipal bonds in the trusts. The trusts 
obtain financing by issuing floating-rate trust certificates that 
reprice on a weekly or other basis to third-party investors. Under 
certain conditions, if we elect to terminate the trusts and 
withdraw the underlying assets, the third party investors are 

196 

Wells Fargo & Company 

NONCONFORMING RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN 
SECURITIZATIONS  We have consolidated certain of our 
nonconforming residential mortgage loan securitizations in 
accordance with consolidation accounting guidance. We have 
determined we are the primary beneficiary of these 
securitizations because we have the power to direct the most 
significant activities of the entity through our role as primary 
servicer and also hold variable interests that we have determined 
to be significant. The nature of our variable interests in these 
entities may include beneficial interests issued by the VIE, 
mortgage servicing rights and recourse or repurchase reserve 
liabilities. The beneficial interests issued by the VIE that we hold 
include either subordinate or senior securities held in an amount 
that we consider potentially significant. 
 
INVESTMENT FUNDS  Subsequent to adopting ASU 2015-02 
(Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis) in first quarter 
2016, we consolidate certain investment funds because we have 
both the power to manage fund assets and hold variable interests 
that are considered significant. 

entitled to a small portion of any unrealized gain on the 
underlying assets. We may serve as remarketing agent and/or 
liquidity provider for the trusts. The floating-rate investors have 
the right to tender the certificates at specified dates, often with 
as little as seven days’ notice. Should we be unable to remarket 
the tendered certificates, we are generally obligated to purchase 
them at par under standby liquidity facilities unless the bond’s 
credit rating has declined below investment grade or there has 
been an event of default or bankruptcy of the issuer and insurer. 
 
COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL LOANS AND LEASES  In 
conjunction with the GE Capital business acquisitions, on March 
1, 2016, we acquired certain consolidated SPE entities. The most 
significant of these SPEs is a revolving master trust entity that 
purchases dealer floorplan loans and issues senior and 
subordinated notes. The senior notes are held by third parties 
and the subordinated notes and residual equity interests are held 
by us. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, total assets held by the 
master trust were $7.6 billion and $7.5 billion, respectively, and 
the outstanding senior notes were $773 million and $2.7 billion, 
respectively. The other SPEs acquired include securitization 
term trust entities, which purchase vendor finance lease and 
loan assets and issue notes to investors, and an SPE that engages 
in leasing activities to specific vendors. As of December 31, 2016, 
all outstanding third party debt of the securitization term trust 
entities was repaid in accordance with the agreements, and the 
remaining assets were repurchased by Wells Fargo. The 
securitization term trusts were dissolved during 2017. The 
remaining other SPE held $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion in total 
assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We are the 
primary beneficiary of these acquired SPEs due to our ability to 
direct the significant activities of the SPEs, such as our role as 
servicer, and because we hold variable interests that are 
considered significant. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

197 

Note 9:  Mortgage Banking Activities 

Mortgage banking activities, included in the Community 
Banking and Wholesale Banking operating segments, consist of 
residential and commercial mortgage originations, sale activity 
and servicing. 

We apply the amortization method to commercial MSRs and 

 
apply the fair value method to residential MSRs. Table 9.1 
presents the changes in MSRs measured using the fair value 
method. 

 
Table 9.1:  Analysis of Changes in Fair Value MSRs 

  

(in millions) 

Fair value, beginning of year 

Purchases 
Servicing from securitizations or asset transfers (1) 
Sales and other (2) 

Net additions 

Changes in fair value: 

Due to changes in valuation model inputs or assumptions: 

Mortgage interest rates (3) 
Servicing and foreclosure costs (4) 
Discount rates (5) 
Prepayment estimates and other (6) 

Net changes in valuation model inputs or assumptions 

Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over time 

Total changes in fair value 

Fair value, end of year 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$  12,959 
541 
2,263 
(23) 

12,415 
— 
2,204 
(65) 

12,738 
— 
1,556 
(9) 

2,781 

2,139 

1,547 

(103) 
96 
13 
(132) 

(126) 

543 
106 
— 
(84) 

565 

247 
(83) 
— 
50 

214 

(1,989) 

(2,160) 

(2,084) 

(2,115) 
$  13,625 

(1,595) 
12,959 

(1,870) 
12,415 

(1) 
(2) 

(3) 

Includes impacts associated with exercising our right to repurchase delinquent loans from GNMA loan securitization pools. 
Includes sales and transfers of MSRs, which can result in an increase of total reported MSRs if the sales or transfers are related to nonperforming loan portfolios or 
portfolios with servicing liabilities. 
Includes prepayment speed changes as well as other valuation changes due to changes in mortgage interest rates (such as changes in estimated interest earned on 
custodial deposit balances). 
Includes costs to service and unreimbursed foreclosure costs. 

(4) 
(5)  Reflects discount rate assumption change, excluding portion attributable to changes in mortgage interest rates. 
(6)  Represents changes driven by other valuation model inputs or assumptions including prepayment speed estimation changes and other assumption updates. Prepayment 

speed estimation changes are influenced by observed changes in borrower behavior and other external factors that occur independent of interest rate changes. 

Table 9.2 presents the changes in amortized MSRs. 

 
Table 9.2:  Analysis of Changes in Amortized MSRs 

  

(in millions) 

Balance, beginning of year 

Purchases 
Servicing from securitizations or asset transfers 
Amortization 

Balance, end of year (1) 

Fair value of amortized MSRs: 

Beginning of year 
End of year 

Year ended December 31, 

$ 

2017 

1,406 
115 
166 
(263) 

$ 

1,424 

2016 

1,308 
97 
270 
(269) 

1,406 

2015 

1,242 
144 
180 
(258) 

1,308 

$ 

1,956 
2,025 

1,680 
1,956 

1,637 
1,680 

(1)  Commercial amortized MSRs are evaluated for impairment purposes by the following risk strata: agency (GSEs) for multi-family properties and non-agency. There was no 

valuation allowance recorded for the periods presented on the commercial amortized MSRs. 

198 

Wells Fargo & Company 

We present the components of our managed servicing 
portfolio in Table 9.3 at unpaid principal balance for loans 
serviced and subserviced for others and at book value for owned 
loans serviced. 

 
Table 9.3:  Managed Servicing Portfolio 

  

(in billions) 

Residential mortgage servicing: 

Serviced for others 
Owned loans serviced 
Subserviced for others 

Total residential servicing 

Commercial mortgage servicing: 

Serviced for others 
Owned loans serviced 
Subserviced for others 

Total commercial servicing 

Total managed servicing portfolio 

Total serviced for others 
Ratio of MSRs to related loans serviced for others 

 

Table 9.4 presents the components of mortgage banking 

noninterest income. 

 
Table 9.4:  Mortgage Banking Noninterest Income 

  

(in millions) 

Servicing income, net: 

Servicing fees: 

Contractually specified servicing fees 
Late charges 
Ancillary fees 
Unreimbursed direct servicing costs (1) 

Net servicing fees 

Changes in fair value of MSRs carried at fair value: 

Due to changes in valuation model inputs or assumptions (2) 
Changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over time 

Total changes in fair value of MSRs carried at fair value 

Amortization 
Net derivative gains from economic hedges (3) 

Total servicing income, net 

Net gains on mortgage loan origination/sales activities 

$ 

(A) 

(B) 

Total mortgage banking noninterest income 

Market-related valuation changes to MSRs, net of hedge results (2)(3) 

(A)+(B) 

$ 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$  1,209 
342 
3 

1,554 

495 
127 
9 

631 

$  2,185 

$  1,704 

0.88% 

1,205 
347 
8 

1,560 

479 
132 
8 

619 

2,179 

1,684 
0.85 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

3,603 
172 
199 
(582) 

3,392 

(126) 
(1,989) 

(2,115) 
(263) 
413 

1,427 
2,923 

4,350 

287 

3,778 
180 
229 
(819) 

3,368 

565 
(2,160) 

(1,595) 
(269) 
261 

1,765 
4,331 

6,096 

826 

4,037 
198 
288 
(625) 

3,898 

214 
(2,084) 

(1,870) 
(258) 
671 

2,441 
4,060 

6,501 

885 

Includes costs associated with foreclosures, unreimbursed interest advances to investors, and other interest costs. 

(1) 
(2)  Refer to the analysis of changes in fair value MSRs presented in Table 9.1 in this Note for more detail. 
(3)  Represents results from economic hedges used to hedge the risk of changes in fair value of MSRs. See Note 16 (Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments) for 

additional discussion and detail. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

199 

Table 9.5:  Analysis of Changes in Liability for Mortgage Loan 
 
Repurchase Losses 

  

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

(in millions) 

Balance, beginning of year 

Assumed with MSR purchases (1) 
Provision for repurchase losses: 

Loan sales 
Change in estimate (2) 

   Net reductions to provision 

Losses 

$  229 
10 

24 
(63) 

(39) 
(19) 

Balance, end of year 

$  181 

378 
—

36 
(139) 

(103) 
(46) 

229 

615 
— 

43 
(202)

(159) 
(78) 

378 

(1)  Represents repurchase liability associated with portfolio of loans underlying 

mortgage servicing rights acquired during the period. 

(2)  Results from changes in investor demand and mortgage insurer practices, 
credit deterioration and changes in the financial stability of correspondent 
lenders. 

Note 9:  Mortgage Banking Activities  (continued) 

Table 9.5 summarizes the changes in our liability for 

mortgage loan repurchase losses. This liability is in “Accrued 
expenses and other liabilities” in our consolidated balance sheet 
and adjustments to the repurchase liability are recorded in net 
gains on mortgage loan origination/sales activities in “Mortgage 
banking” in our consolidated income statement. Because the 
level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends upon economic 
factors, investor demand strategies and other external 
conditions that may change over the life of the underlying loans, 
the level of the liability for mortgage loan repurchase losses is 
difficult to estimate and requires considerable management 
judgment. We maintain regular contact with the GSEs, the 
Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), and other significant 
investors to monitor their repurchase demand practices and 
issues as part of our process to update our repurchase liability 
estimate as new information becomes available. 

Because of the uncertainty in the various estimates 

underlying the mortgage repurchase liability, there is a range of 
losses in excess of the recorded mortgage repurchase liability 
that is reasonably possible. The estimate of the range of possible 
loss for representations and warranties does not represent a 
probable loss, and is based on currently available information, 
significant judgment, and a number of assumptions that are 
subject to change. The high end of this range of reasonably 
possible losses exceeded our recorded liability by $136 million at 
December 31, 2017, and was determined based upon modifying 
the assumptions (particularly to assume significant changes in 
investor repurchase demand practices) used in our best estimate 
of probable loss to reflect what we believe to be the high end of 
reasonably possible adverse assumptions. 

200 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 10:  Intangible Assets 

Table 10.1 presents the gross carrying value of intangible assets 
and accumulated amortization. 
 
 
Table 10.1:  Intangible Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Amortized intangible assets (1): 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Gross 
carrying 
value 

Accumulated 
amortization 

Net 
carrying 
value 

Gross 
carrying 
value 

Accumulated 
amortization 

Net carrying 
value 

MSRs (2) 
Core deposit intangibles 
Customer relationship and other intangibles 

$ 

3,876 
12,834 
3,994 

Total amortized intangible assets 

$ 

20,704 

(2,452) 
(12,065) 
(3,153) 

(17,670) 

1,424 
769 
841 

3,034 

Unamortized intangible assets: 

MSRs (carried at fair value) (2) 
Goodwill 
Trademark 

$ 

13,625 
26,587 
14 

(1)  Excludes fully amortized intangible assets. 
(2)  See Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) for additional information on MSRs. 

(2,189) 
(11,214) 
(2,839) 

(16,242) 

1,406 
1,620 
1,089 

4,115 

3,595 
12,834 
3,928 

20,357 

12,959 
26,693 
14 

Table 10.2 provides the current year and estimated future 

amortization expense for amortized intangible assets. We based 
our projections of amortization expense shown below on existing 

asset balances at December 31, 2017. Future amortization 
expense may vary from these projections. 

 
Table 10.2:  Amortization Expense for Intangible Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 (actual) 

Estimate for year ended December 31, 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 

Amortized MSRs 

Core deposit 
intangibles 

Customer 
relationship and 
other 
intangibles (1) 

$ 

$ 

263 

255 
223 
200 
172 
152 

851 

769 
— 
— 
— 
— 

314 

299 
116 
96 
82 
68 

Total 

1,428 

1,323 
339 
296 
254 
220 

 

(1)  The year ended December 31, 2017 balance includes $13 million for lease intangible amortization. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

201 

Note 10:  Intangible Assets  (continued) 

Table 10.3 shows the allocation of goodwill to our reportable 

operating segments. 

 
Table 10.3:  Goodwill 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2015 

Reduction in goodwill related to divested businesses and other 

Goodwill from business combinations 

December 31, 2016 

Reclassification of goodwill held for sale to Other Assets (1) 
Reduction in goodwill related to divested businesses and other 
Goodwill from business combinations 

December 31, 2017 (1) 

Community 
Banking 

Wholesale 
Banking 

Wealth and 
Investment 
Management 

Consolidated 
Company 

$ 

16,849 

— 

— 

16,849 
— 
— 
— 

16,849 

$ 

$ 

7,475 

(88) 

1,198 

8,585 
(13) 
(117) 
— 

8,455 

1,205 

(2) 

56 

1,259 
— 
— 
24 

1,283 

25,529 

(90) 

1,254 

26,693 
(13) 
(117) 
24 

26,587 

(1)  Goodwill reclassified to held-for-sale in other assets of $13 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, relates to the sales agreement for Wells Fargo Shareowner 

Services. No goodwill was classified as held-for-sale in other assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

We assess goodwill for impairment at a reporting unit level, 

which is one level below the operating segments. Our goodwill 
was not impaired at December 31, 2017 and 2016. The fair values 
exceeded the carrying amount of our respective reporting units 
by approximately 32% to 635% at December 31, 2017. See 
Note 25 (Operating Segments) for further information on 
management reporting. 

202 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 11:  Deposits 

Table 11.1 presents a summary of the time certificates of deposit 
(CDs) and other time deposits issued by domestic and foreign 
offices. 

The contractual maturities of the domestic time deposits 

with a denomination of $100,000 or more are presented in 
Table 11.3. 

Table 11.1:  Time Certificates of Deposits and Other Time 
Deposits 

  

(in billions) 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

Total domestic and foreign 

$ 

128.6 

107.9 

Domestic: 

$100,000 or more 
$250,000 or more 

Foreign: 

$100,000 or more 
$250,000 or more 

52.7 
46.9 

13.4 
13.4 

46.7 
42.0 

11.6 
11.6 

 
Table 11.3:  Contractual Maturities of Domestic Time Deposits 

  

(in millions) 

Three months or less 
After three months through six months 
After six months through twelve months 
After twelve months 

Total 

$ 

2017 

17,664 
14,413 
17,390 
3,232 

$ 

52,699 

Demand deposit overdrafts of $371 million and 

$548 million were included as loan balances at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Substantially all CDs and other time deposits issued by 

domestic and foreign offices were interest bearing and a 
significant portion of our foreign time deposits with a 
denomination of $100,000 or more have maturities of less than 
7 days. 

The contractual maturities of these deposits are presented 

in Table 11.2. 

Table 11.2:  Contractual Maturities of CDs and Other Time 
 
Deposits 

  

(in millions) 

2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
Thereafter 

Total 

December 31, 2017 

106,089 
8,432 
3,556 
2,864 
2,138 
5,515 

128,594 

$ 

$ 

Wells Fargo & Company 

203 

Note 12:  Short-Term Borrowings 

Table 12.1 shows selected information for short-term 
borrowings, which generally mature in less than 30 days. We 
pledge certain financial instruments that we own to collateralize 
repurchase agreements and other securities financings. For 

additional information, see the “Pledged Assets” section of 
Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other 
Commitments). 

 
Table 12.1:  Short-Term Borrowings 

  

(in millions) 

As of December 31, 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to 

repurchase 

Commercial paper 

Other short-term borrowings (1) 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 
Average daily balance 

Amount 

2017 

Rate 

$ 

88,684 
—

14,572 

$  103,256 

1.30%  $ 

— 

0.72 

1.22 

Amount 

78,124 
120 

18,537 

2016 

Rate 

0.17%  $ 
0.93 

0.28 

0.19 

Amount 

82,948 
334 

14,246 

2015 

Rate 

0.21% 
0.81 

(0.10) 

0.17 

$ 

96,781 

$ 

97,528 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to 

repurchase 

Commercial paper 
Other short-term borrowings (1) 

Total 

Maximum month-end balance 

$ 

82,507 
16 
16,399 

$ 

98,922 

0.90 
0.95 
0.13 

0.77 

$ 

99,955 
256 
14,976 

$  115,187 

0.33 
0.86 
0.02 

0.29 

$ 

75,021 
1,583 
10,861 

$ 

87,465 

0.09 
0.36 
(0.08) 

0.07 

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to 

repurchase (2) 

Commercial paper (3) 
Other short-term borrowings (4) 

$ 

91,604 
78 
19,439 

N/A  $  109,645 
N/A 
519 
N/A 
18,537 

N/A  $ 
N/A 
N/A 

89,800 
3,552 
14,246 

N/A 
N/A 
N/A 

N/A- Not applicable 
(1)  Negative other short-term borrowings rate in 2015 is a result of increased customer demand for certain securities in stock loan transactions combined with the impact of 

low interest rates. 

(2)  Highest month-end balance in each of the last three years was November 2017, October 2016 and October 2015. 
(3)  Highest month-end balance in each of the last three years was January 2017, March 2016 and March 2015. 
(4)  Highest month-end balance in each of the last three years was February 2017, December 2016 and December 2015. 

204 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 13:  Long-Term Debt 

We issue long-term debt denominated in multiple currencies, 
largely in U.S. dollars. Our issuances have both fixed and 
floating interest rates. As a part of our overall interest rate risk 
management strategy, we often use derivatives to manage our 
exposure to interest rate risk. We also use derivatives to manage 
our exposure to foreign currency risk. As a result, a majority of 
the long-term debt presented below is hedged in a fair value or 
cash flow hedge relationship. See Note 16 (Derivatives) for 
further information on qualifying hedge contracts. 

 
Table 13.1:  Long-Term Debt 

  

Table 13.1 presents a summary of our long-term debt 
carrying values, reflecting unamortized debt discounts and 
premiums, and purchase accounting adjustments, where 
applicable. The interest rates displayed represent the range of 
contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2017. These interest 
rates do not include the effects of any associated derivatives 
designated in a hedge accounting relationship. 

(in millions) 

Wells Fargo & Company (Parent only) 
Senior 
Fixed-rate notes 
Floating-rate notes 
FixFloat notes 
Structured notes (1) 

Total senior debt - Parent 

Subordinated 
Fixed-rate notes (2) 

Total subordinated debt - Parent 

Junior subordinated 
Fixed-rate notes - hybrid trust securities 
Floating-rate notes 

Total junior subordinated debt - Parent (3) 

Total long-term debt - Parent (2) 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and other bank entities (Bank) 
Senior 
Fixed-rate notes 
Floating-rate notes 
Floating-rate extendible notes (4) 
Fixed-rate advances - Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) (5) 
Floating-rate advances - FHLB (5) 
Structured notes (1) 
Capital leases 

Total senior debt - Bank 

Subordinated 
Fixed-rate notes 
Floating-rate notes 

Total subordinated debt - Bank 

Junior subordinated 
Floating-rate notes 

Total junior subordinated debt - Bank (3) 

Long-term debt issued by VIE - Fixed rate (6) 
Long-term debt issued by VIE - Floating rate (6) 
Mortgage notes and other debt (7) 

Total long-term debt - Bank 

(continued on following page) 

Maturity date(s) 

Stated interest rate(s) 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2018-2045 
2018-2048 
2028 
2018-2056 

$ 

0.375-6.75% 
0.090-3.010% 
3.58% 
0.090-5.9% 

84,652 
22,463 
2,961 
7,442 

79,767 
19,011 
— 
6,858 

117,518 

105,636 

2018-2046 

3.45-7.57% 

2029-2036 
2027 

5.95-7.95% 
1.86-2.36% 

2018-2019 
2018-2053 

2018-2031 
2018-2021 
2018-2037 
2018-2029 

1.65-2.15% 
1.13-2.16% 

3.83-7.50% 
1.35-2.04% 
1.5-7.15% 
2.870-17.775% 

2023-2038 

5.25-7.74% 

2027 

1.990-2.010% 

2020-2047 
2018-2047 
2018-2051 

0.00-6.00% 
1.645-15.737% 
0.2-9.25% 

27,132 

27,132 

26,794 

26,794 

1,369 
299 

1,668 

1,362 
290 

1,652 

146,318 

134,082 

7,732 
4,317 
— 
62 
47,825 
743 
39 

60,718 

5,408 
— 

5,408 

342 

342 

268 
1,211 
7,291 

7,758 
7,168 
68 
79 
77,075 
1,238 
7 

93,393 

6,500 
167 

6,667 

332 

332 

371 
3,323 
12,333 

75,238 

116,419 

Wells Fargo & Company 

205 

Note 13:  Long-Term Debt (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 

(in millions) 

Other consolidated subsidiaries 
Senior 
Fixed-rate notes 
Structured notes (1) 

Total senior debt - Other consolidated subsidiaries 

Junior subordinated 
Floating-rate notes 

Total junior subordinated debt - Other consolidated 

subsidiaries (3) 

Maturity date(s) 

Stated interest rate(s) 

2018-2023 
2021 

  

2.78-3.46% 
0.00-1.16% 

Mortgage notes and other (7) 

2018 

3.0-4.0% 

Total long-term debt - Other consolidated subsidiaries 

Total long-term debt 

December 31, 

2017 

2016 

3,390 
1 

3,391 

— 

— 
73 

4,346 
1 

4,347 

155 

155 
74 

3,464 

4,576 

$  225,020 

255,077 

(2) 

(1)  Largely consists of long-term notes where the performance of the note is linked to an embedded equity, commodity, or currency index, or basket of indices accounted for 
separately from the note as a free-standing derivative. For information on embedded derivatives, see the “Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments” section in 
Note 16 (Derivatives). In addition, a major portion consists of zero coupon callable notes where interest is paid as part of the final redemption amount. 
Includes fixed-rate subordinated notes issued by the Parent at a discount of $133 million and $135 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, to effect a modification of 
Wells Fargo Bank, NA notes. These subordinated notes are carried at their par amount on the balance sheet of the Parent presented in Note 26 (Parent-Only Financial 
Statements). In addition, Parent long-term debt also includes debt issuance costs of $2 million in both 2017 and 2016, and affiliate related issuance costs of $323 million 
 
and $299 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

(3)  Represents junior subordinated debentures held by unconsolidated wholly-owned trusts formed for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. See Note 8 

(Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) for additional information on our trust preferred security structures. 

(4)  Represents floating-rate extendible notes where holders of the notes may elect to extend the contractual maturity of all or a portion of the principal amount on a periodic 

basis. 

(5)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, FHLB advances were secured by residential loan collateral. 
(6)  For additional information on VIEs, see Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities). 
(7)  A major portion related to securitizations and secured borrowings, see Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities). 

We issue long-term debt in a variety of maturities and 

currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain an 
appropriate maturity profile. Long-term debt of $225.0 billion at 
December 31, 2017, decreased $30.1 billion from December 31, 
2016. 

The aggregate carrying value of long-term debt that matures 

(based on contractual payment dates) as of December 31, 2017, 
in each of the following five years and thereafter is presented in 
Table 13.2. 

Table 13.2:  Maturity of Long-Term Debt 

  

(in millions) 

Wells Fargo & Company (Parent Only) 
Senior notes 
Subordinated notes 
Junior subordinated notes 

Total long-term debt - Parent 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and other bank entities (Bank) 
Senior notes 
Subordinated notes 
Junior subordinated notes 
Securitizations and other bank debt 

Total long-term debt - Bank 

Other consolidated subsidiaries 
Senior notes 
Junior subordinated notes 
Securitizations and other bank debt 

Total long-term debt - Other consolidated subsidiaries 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Thereafter 

Total 

December 31, 2017 

$ 

7,987 
613 
— 

$ 

8,600 

$  27,612 
— 
— 
2,742 

$  30,354 

$ 

$ 

799 
— 
73 

872 

6,816 
— 
— 

6,816 

22,369 
— 
— 
1,012 

23,381 

1,190 
— 
— 

1,190 

13,323 
— 
— 

13,323 

2,011 
— 
— 
1,009 

3,020 

— 
— 
— 

— 

18,027 
— 
— 

18,027 

18,284 
— 
— 

18,284 

53,081 
26,519 
1,668 

117,518 
27,132 
1,668 

81,268 

146,318 

8,487 
— 
— 
228 

8,715 

1,003 
— 
— 

1,003 

42 
— 
— 
151 

193 

— 
— 
— 

— 

197 
5,408 
342 
3,628 

9,575 

399 
— 
— 

399 

60,718 
5,408 
342 
8,770 

75,238 

3,391 
— 
73 

3,464 

Total long-term debt 

$  39,826 

31,387 

16,343 

27,745 

18,477 

91,242 

225,020 

As part of our long-term and short-term borrowing 

arrangements, we are subject to various financial and 
operational covenants. Some of the agreements under which 
debt has been issued have provisions that may limit the merger 
or sale of certain subsidiary banks and the issuance of capital 

stock or convertible securities by certain subsidiary banks. At 
December 31, 2017, we were in compliance with all the 
covenants. 

206 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 14:  Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other Commitments 

Guarantees are contracts that contingently require us to make 
payments to a guaranteed party based on an event or a change in 
an underlying asset, liability, rate or index. Guarantees are 
generally in the form of standby letters of credit, securities 

lending and other indemnifications, written put options, 
 
recourse obligations, and other types of arrangements. Table 14.1 
shows carrying value, maximum exposure to loss on our 
guarantees and the related non-investment grade amounts. 

 
Table 14.1:  Guarantees – Carrying Value and Maximum Exposure to Loss 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 

Standby letters of credit (1) 
Securities lending and other 

indemnifications (2) 
Written put options (3) 
Loans and MHFS sold with recourse (4) 
Factoring guarantees 
Other guarantees 

Total guarantees 

December 31, 2016 

Standby letters of credit (1) 
Securities lending and other 

indemnifications (2) 
Written put options (3) 
Loans and MHFS sold with recourse (4) 
Factoring guarantees 
Other guarantees 

$ 

$ 

Carrying 
value of 
obligation 
(asset) 

Expires in 
one year 
or less 

Expires 
after one 

Expires 
year  after three 
years 
through 
five years 

through 
three 
years 

Maximum exposure to loss 

Expires 
after five 
years 

Non-
investment 
grade 

Total 

$ 

39 

15,357 

7,908 

3,068 

645 

26,978 

8,773 

— 
(455) 
51 
— 
1 

(364) 

— 
14,758 
165 
747 
7 

31,034 

— 
12,706 
533 
— 
— 

21,147 

38 

— 
37 
55 
— 
6 

16,050 

8,727 

— 
10,427 
84 
1,109 
19 

27,689 

— 
10,805 
637 
— 
21 

20,190 

2 
3,890 
934 
— 
2 

7,896 

3,194 

1 
4,573 
947 
— 
17 

8,732 

809 
1,038 
9,385 
— 
4,175 

16,052 

811 
32,392 
11,017 
747 
4,184 

76,129 

2 
19,087 
8,155 
668 
7 

36,692 

658 

28,629 

9,898 

1,166 
1,216 
8,592 
— 
3,580 

15,212 

1,167 
27,021 
10,260 
1,109 
3,637 

71,823 

2 
15,915 
7,228 
1,109 
15 

34,167 

Total guarantees 

$ 

136 

(1)  Total maximum exposure to loss includes direct pay letters of credit (DPLCs) of $8.1 billion and $9.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We issue DPLCs 

to provide credit enhancements for certain bond issuances. Beneficiaries (bond trustees) may draw upon these instruments to make scheduled principal and interest 
payments, redeem all outstanding bonds because a default event has occurred, or for other reasons as permitted by the agreement. We also originate multipurpose lending 
commitments under which borrowers have the option to draw on the facility in one of several forms, including as a standby letter of credit. Total maximum exposure to loss 
includes the portion of these facilities for which we have issued standby letters of credit under the commitments. 
Includes indemnifications provided to certain third-party clearing agents. Outstanding customer obligations under these arrangements were $92 million and $175 million 
 
with related collateral of $717 million and $991 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Estimated maximum exposure to loss was $809 million at 
December 31, 2017, and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2016. 

(2) 

(3)  Written put options, which are in the form of derivatives, are also included in the derivative disclosure in Note 16 (Derivatives). Carrying value net asset position is a result 

(4)  Represent recourse provided, predominantly to the GSEs, on loans sold under various programs and arrangements. Under these arrangements, we repurchased $5 million 
 

of certain deferred premium option trades. 

of loans associated with these agreements during both 2017 and 2016. 

“Maximum exposure to loss” and “Non-investment grade” 

are required disclosures under GAAP. Non-investment grade 
represents those guarantees on which we have a higher risk of 
being required to perform under the terms of the guarantee. If 
the underlying assets under the guarantee are non-investment 
grade (that is, an external rating that is below investment grade 
or an internal credit default grade that is equivalent to a below 
investment grade external rating), we consider the risk of 
performance to be high. Internal credit default grades are 
determined based upon the same credit policies that we use to 
evaluate the risk of payment or performance when making loans 
and other extensions of credit. Credit quality indicators we 
usually consider in evaluating risk of payments or performance 
are described in Note 6 (Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses). 

Maximum exposure to loss represents the estimated loss 

that would be incurred under an assumed hypothetical 
circumstance, despite what we believe is a remote possibility, 
where the value of our interests and any associated collateral 
declines to zero. Maximum exposure to loss estimates in Table 
14.1 do not reflect economic hedges or collateral we could use to 
offset or recover losses we may incur under our guarantee 

agreements. Accordingly, this required disclosure is not an 
indication of expected loss. We believe the carrying value, which 
is either fair value for derivative-related products or the 
allowance for lending-related commitments, is more 
representative of our exposure to loss than maximum exposure 
to loss. 
 
STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT  We issue standby letters of 
credit, which include performance and financial guarantees, for 
customers in connection with contracts between our customers 
and third parties. Standby letters of credit are agreements where 
we are obligated to make payment to a third party on behalf of a 
customer if the customer fails to meet their contractual 
obligations. We consider the credit risk in standby letters of 
credit and commercial and similar letters of credit in 
determining the allowance for credit losses. 

 

SECURITIES LENDING AND OTHER INDEMNIFICATIONS  As 
a securities lending agent, we lend debt and equity securities 
from participating institutional clients’ portfolios to third-party 
borrowers. These arrangements are for an indefinite period of 

Wells Fargo & Company 

207 

Note 14:  Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other Commitments (continued) 

time, and we indemnify our clients against default by the 
borrower in returning these lent securities. This indemnity is 
supported by collateral received from the borrowers and is 
generally in the form of cash or highly liquid securities that are 
marked to market daily. 

We use certain third-party clearing agents to clear and settle 

transactions on behalf of some of our institutional brokerage 
customers. We indemnify the clearing agents against loss that 
could occur for non-performance by our customers on 
transactions that are not sufficiently collateralized. Transactions 
subject to the indemnifications may include customer 
obligations related to the settlement of margin accounts and 
short positions, such as written call options and securities 
borrowing transactions. 

We enter into other types of indemnification agreements in 

the ordinary course of business under which we agree to 
indemnify third parties against any damages, losses and 
expenses incurred in connection with legal and other 
proceedings arising from relationships or transactions with us. 
These relationships or transactions include those arising from 
service as a director or officer of the Company, underwriting 
agreements relating to our securities, acquisition agreements 
and various other business transactions or arrangements. 
Because the extent of our obligations under these agreements 
depends entirely upon the occurrence of future events, we are 
unable to determine our potential future liability under these 
agreements. We do, however, record a liability for residential 
mortgage loans that we expect to repurchase pursuant to various 
representations and warranties. See Note 9 (Mortgage Banking 
Activities) for additional information on the liability for 
mortgage loan repurchase losses. 
 
WRITTEN PUT OPTIONS  Written put options are contracts 
that give the counterparty the right to sell to us an underlying 
instrument held by the counterparty at a specified price and may 
include options, floors, caps and credit default swaps. These 
written put option contracts generally permit net settlement. 
While these derivative transactions expose us to risk if the option 
is exercised, we manage this risk by entering into offsetting 
trades or by taking short positions in the underlying instrument. 
We offset market risk related to put options written to customers 
with cash securities or other offsetting derivative transactions. 
Additionally, for certain of these contracts, we require the 
counterparty to pledge the underlying instrument as collateral 
for the transaction. Our ultimate obligation under written put 
options is based on future market conditions and is only 
quantifiable at settlement. See Note 16 (Derivatives) for 
additional information regarding written derivative contracts. 
 

LOANS AND MHFS SOLD WITH RECOURSE  In certain loan 
sales or securitizations, we provide recourse to the buyer 
whereby we are required to indemnify the buyer for any loss on 
the loan up to par value plus accrued interest. We provide 
recourse, predominantly to GSEs, on loans sold under various 
programs and arrangements. Substantially all of these programs 
and arrangements require that we share in the loans’ credit 
exposure for their remaining life by providing recourse to the 
GSE, up to 33.33% of actual losses incurred on a pro-rata basis 
in the event of borrower default. Under the remaining recourse 
programs and arrangements, if certain events occur within a 
specified period of time from transfer date, we have to provide 
limited recourse to the buyer to indemnify them for losses 
incurred for the remaining life of the loans. The maximum 
exposure to loss reported in Table 14.1 represents the 
outstanding principal balance of the loans sold or securitized 
that are subject to recourse provisions or the maximum losses 
per the contractual agreements. However, we believe the 
likelihood of loss of the entire balance due to these recourse 
agreements is remote, and amounts paid can be recovered in 
whole or in part from the sale of collateral. We also provide 
representation and warranty guarantees on loans sold under the 
various recourse programs and arrangements. Our loss exposure 
relative to these guarantees is separately considered and 
provided for, as necessary, in determination of our liability for 
loan repurchases due to breaches of representation and 
warranties. See Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities) for 
additional information on the liability for mortgage loan 
repurchase losses. 

 

  

FACTORING GUARANTEES  Under certain factoring 
arrangements, we are required to purchase trade receivables 
from third parties, generally upon their request, if receivable 
debtors default on their payment obligations. 
 
OTHER GUARANTEES  We are members of exchanges and 
clearing houses that we use to clear our trades and those of our 
customers. It is common that all members in these organizations 
are required to collectively guarantee the performance of other 
members. Our obligations under the guarantees are based on 
either a fixed amount or a multiple of the collateral we are 
required to maintain with these organizations. We have not 
recorded a liability for these arrangements as of the dates 
presented in Table 14.1 because we believe the likelihood of loss 
is remote. 

We also have contingent performance arrangements related 
to various customer relationships and lease transactions. We are 
required to pay the counterparties to these agreements if third 
parties default on certain obligations. 

208 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Pledged Assets 
As part of our liquidity management strategy, we pledge various 
assets to secure trust and public deposits, borrowings and letters 
of credit from the FHLB and FRB, securities sold under 
agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), securities 
lending arrangements, and for other purposes as required or 
permitted by law or insurance statutory requirements. The types 
of collateral we pledge include securities issued by federal 
agencies, GSEs, domestic and foreign companies and various 
commercial and consumer loans. Table 14.2 provides the total 
carrying amount of pledged assets by asset type and pledged 

off-balance sheet securities for securities financings. The table 
excludes pledged consolidated VIE assets of $13.6 billion and 
$13.4 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which 
can only be used to settle the liabilities of those entities. The 
table also excludes $675 million and $1.1 billion in assets 
pledged in transactions with VIE’s accounted for as secured 
borrowings at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. See 
Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) for 
additional information on consolidated VIE assets and secured 
borrowings. 
 

 
Table 14.2:  Pledged Assets 

  

(in millions) 
Trading assets and other (1) 
Investment securities (2) 
Mortgages held for sale and loans (3) 

Total pledged assets 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 
109,279 
73,467 
469,554 

$ 

652,300 

Dec 31, 
2016 
84,603 
90,946 
516,112 

691,661 

(1)  Consists of trading assets of $42.0 billion and $33.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively and off-balance sheet securities of $67.3 billion and $51.4 billion 
 

(2) 

(3) 

as of the same dates, respectively, that are pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements and other securities financings. Total trading assets and other includes 
$109.1 billion and $84.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, that permit the secured parties to sell or repledge the collateral. 
Includes carrying value of $5.0 billion and $6.2 billion (fair value of $5.0 billion and $6.2 billion) in collateral for repurchase agreements at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively, which are pledged under agreements that do not permit the secured parties to sell or repledge the collateral. Also includes $64 million and $617 million in 
collateral pledged under repurchase agreements at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, that permit the secured parties to sell or repledge the collateral. All other 
pledged securities are pursuant to agreements that do not permit the secured party to sell or repledge the collateral. 
Includes mortgages held for sale of $2.6 billion and $15.8 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Substantially all of the total mortgages held for sale and 
loans are pledged under agreements that do not permit the secured parties to sell or repledge the collateral. Amounts exclude $2.2 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively, of pledged loans recorded on our balance sheet representing certain delinquent loans that are eligible for repurchase from GNMA loan 
securitizations. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

209 

Note 14:  Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other Commitments (continued) 

Securities Financing Activities 
We enter into resale and repurchase agreements and securities 
borrowing and lending agreements (collectively, “securities 
financing activities”) typically to finance trading positions 
(including securities and derivatives), acquire securities to cover 
short trading positions, accommodate customers’ financing 
needs, and settle other securities obligations. These activities are 
conducted through our broker-dealer subsidiaries and to a lesser 
extent through other bank entities. Most of our securities 
financing activities involve high quality, liquid securities such as 
U.S. Treasury securities and government agency securities, and 
to a lesser extent, less liquid securities, including equity 
securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. We 
account for these transactions as collateralized financings in 
which we typically receive or pledge securities as collateral. We 
believe these financing transactions generally do not have 
material credit risk given the collateral provided and the related 
monitoring processes. 

OFFSETTING OF RESALE AND REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 
AND SECURITIES BORROWING AND LENDING 
AGREEMENTS  Table 14.3 presents resale and repurchase 
agreements subject to master repurchase agreements (MRA) and 
securities borrowing and lending agreements subject to master 
securities lending agreements (MSLA). We account for 
transactions subject to these agreements as collateralized 

 
Table 14.3:  Offsetting – Resale and Repurchase Agreements 

  

(in millions) 
Assets: 
Resale and securities borrowing agreements 

Gross amounts recognized 
Gross amounts offset in consolidated balance sheet (1) 

Net amounts in consolidated balance sheet (2) 

Collateral not recognized in consolidated balance sheet (3) 

Net amount (4) 

Liabilities: 
Repurchase and securities lending agreements 

Gross amounts recognized (5) 
Gross amounts offset in consolidated balance sheet (1) 

Net amounts in consolidated balance sheet (6) 

Collateral pledged but not netted in consolidated balance sheet (7) 

Net amount (8) 

financings, and those with a single counterparty are presented 
net on our balance sheet, provided certain criteria are met that 
permit balance sheet netting. Most transactions subject to these 
agreements do not meet those criteria and thus are not eligible 
for balance sheet netting. 

Collateral we pledged consists of non-cash instruments, 

such as securities or loans, and is not netted on the balance sheet 
against the related liability. Collateral we received includes 
securities or loans and is not recognized on our balance sheet. 
Collateral pledged or received may be increased or decreased 
over time to maintain certain contractual thresholds, as the 
assets underlying each arrangement fluctuate in value. 
Generally, these agreements require collateral to exceed the 
asset or liability recognized on the balance sheet. The following 
table includes the amount of collateral pledged or received 
related to exposures subject to enforceable MRAs or MSLAs. 
While these agreements are typically over-collateralized, U.S. 
GAAP requires disclosure in this table to limit the reported 
amount of such collateral to the amount of the related 
recognized asset or liability for each counterparty. 

In addition to the amounts included in Table 14.3, we also 

have balance sheet netting related to derivatives that is disclosed 
in Note 16 (Derivatives). 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$ 

$ 

$ 

121,135 
(23,188) 

97,947 

(96,829) 

1,118 

111,488 
(23,188) 

88,300 

(87,918) 

$ 

382 

91,123 
(11,680) 

79,443 

(78,837) 

606 

89,111 
(11,680) 

77,431 

(77,184) 

247 

(1)  Represents recognized amount of resale and repurchase agreements with counterparties subject to enforceable MRAs that have been offset in the consolidated balance 

sheet. 

(2)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, includes $78.9 billion and $58.1 billion, respectively, classified on our consolidated balance sheet in federal funds sold, securities 

purchased under resale agreements and other short-term investments and $19.0 billion and $21.3 billion, respectively, in loans. 

(3)  Represents the fair value of collateral we have received under enforceable MRAs or MSLAs, limited for table presentation purposes to the amount of the recognized asset 

due from each counterparty. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we have received total collateral with a fair value of $130.8 billion and $102.3 billion, respectively, all of 
which we have the right to sell or repledge. These amounts include securities we have sold or repledged to others with a fair value of $66.3 billion at December 31, 2017, 
and $50.0 billion at December 31, 2016. 

(4)  Represents the amount of our exposure that is not collateralized and/or is not subject to an enforceable MRA or MSLA. 
(5)  For additional information on underlying collateral and contractual maturities, see the “Repurchase and Securities Lending Agreements” section in this Note. 
(6)  Amount is classified in short-term borrowings on our consolidated balance sheet. 
(7)  Represents the fair value of collateral we have pledged, related to enforceable MRAs or MSLAs, limited for table presentation purposes to the amount of the recognized 

liability owed to each counterparty. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we have pledged total collateral with a fair value of $113.6 billion and $91.4 billion, respectively, of 
which the counterparty does not have the right to sell or repledge $5.2 billion as of December 31, 2017, and $6.6 billion as of December 31, 2016. 

(8)  Represents the amount of our obligation that is not covered by pledged collateral and/or is not subject to an enforceable MRA or MSLA. 

210 

Wells Fargo & Company 

  
REPURCHASE AND SECURITIES LENDING AGREEMENTS 
Securities sold under repurchase agreements and securities 
lending arrangements are effectively short-term collateralized 
borrowings. In these transactions, we receive cash in exchange 
for transferring securities as collateral and recognize an 
obligation to reacquire the securities for cash at the transaction's 
maturity. These types of transactions create risks, including 
(1) the counterparty may fail to return the securities at maturity, 
(2) the fair value of the securities transferred may decline below 
the amount of our obligation to reacquire the securities, and 
therefore create an obligation for us to pledge additional 
amounts, and (3) the counterparty may accelerate the maturity 

 
Table 14.4:  Underlying Collateral Types of Gross Obligations 

  

on demand, requiring us to reacquire the security prior to 
contractual maturity. We attempt to mitigate these risks by the 
fact that most of our securities financing activities involve highly 
liquid securities, we underwrite and monitor the financial 
strength of our counterparties, we monitor the fair value of 
collateral pledged relative to contractually required repurchase 
amounts, and we monitor that our collateral is properly returned 
through the clearing and settlement process in advance of our 
cash repayment. Table 14.4 provides the underlying collateral 
types of our gross obligations under repurchase and securities 
lending agreements. 

(in millions) 
Repurchase agreements: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. States and political subdivisions 
Federal agency mortgage-backed securities 
Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 
Corporate debt securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 
Other 

Total repurchases 

Securities lending: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Federal agency mortgage-backed securities 
Non-agency mortgage-backed securities 
Corporate debt securities 
Equity securities (1) 

Total securities lending 

Total repurchases and securities lending 

$ 

Dec 31, 
2017 

51,144 
92 
35,386 
1,324 
7,152 
2,034 
838 
1,783 

99,753 

186 
— 
— 
619 
10,930 

11,735 

Dec 31, 
2016 

34,335 
81 
32,669 
2,167 
6,829 
3,010 
1,309 
1,704 

82,104 

152 
104 
1 
653 
6,097 

7,007 

$ 

111,488  $ 

89,111 

(1)  Equity securities are generally exchange traded and either re-hypothecated under margin lending agreements or obtained through contemporaneous securities borrowing 

transactions with other counterparties. 

Table 14.5 provides the contractual maturities of our gross 

obligations under repurchase and securities lending agreements. 

 
Table 14.5:  Contractual Maturities of Gross Obligations 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 

Repurchase agreements 
Securities lending 

Total repurchases and securities lending (1) 

December 31, 2016 
Repurchase agreements 
Securities lending 

Total repurchases and securities lending (1) 

Overnight/ 
continuous 

Up to 30 
days 

30-90 days 

>90 days 

Total gross 
obligation 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

83,780 
9,634 
93,414 

60,516 
5,565 
66,081 

7,922 
584 
8,506 

9,598 
167 
9,765 

3,286 
1,363 
4,649 

6,762 
1,275 
8,037 

4,765 
154 
4,919 

5,228 
— 
5,228 

99,753 
11,735 
111,488 

82,104 
7,007 
89,111 

(1)  Securities lending is executed under agreements that allow either party to terminate the transaction without notice, while repurchase agreements have a term structure to 
them that technically matures at a point in time. The overnight/continuous repurchase agreements require election of both parties to roll the trade rather than the election 
to terminate the arrangement as in securities lending. 

OTHER COMMITMENTS To meet the financing needs of our 
customers, we may enter into commitments to purchase debt 
and equity securities to provide capital for their funding, 
liquidity or other future needs. As of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, we had commitments to purchase debt securities of 

$194 million and $638 million, and commitments to purchase 
equity securities of $2.2 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

211 

Note 15:  Legal Actions 

Wells Fargo and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in a 
number of judicial, regulatory, arbitration, and other 
proceedings concerning matters arising from the conduct of our 
business activities, and many of those proceedings expose Wells 
Fargo to potential financial loss. These proceedings include 
actions brought against Wells Fargo and/or our subsidiaries with 
respect to corporate-related matters and transactions in which 
Wells Fargo and/or our subsidiaries were involved. In addition, 
Wells Fargo and our subsidiaries may be requested to provide 
information or otherwise cooperate with government authorities 
in the conduct of investigations of other persons or industry 
groups. 

Although there can be no assurance as to the ultimate 

outcome, Wells Fargo and/or our subsidiaries have generally 
denied, or believe we have a meritorious defense and will deny, 
liability in all significant legal actions pending against us, 
including the matters described below, and we intend to defend 
vigorously each case, other than matters we describe as having 
settled. We establish accruals for legal actions when potential 
losses associated with the actions become probable and the costs 
can be reasonably estimated. For such accruals, we record the 
amount we consider to be the best estimate within a range of 
potential losses that are both probable and estimable; however, 
if we cannot determine a best estimate, then we record the low 
end of the range of those potential losses. The actual costs of 
resolving legal actions may be substantially higher or lower than 
the amounts accrued for those actions. 

ATM ACCESS FEE LITIGATION  In October 2011, plaintiffs filed 
a putative class action, Mackmin, et al. v. Visa, Inc. et al., 
against Wells Fargo & Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Visa, 
MasterCard, and several other banks in the United States 
District Court for the District of Columbia. Plaintiffs allege that 
the Visa and MasterCard requirement that if an ATM operator 
charges an access fee on Visa and MasterCard transactions, then 
that fee cannot be greater than the access fee charged for 
transactions on other networks violates antitrust rules. Plaintiffs 
seek treble damages, restitution, injunctive relief, and attorneys’ 
fees where available under federal and state law. Two other 
antitrust cases which make similar allegations were filed in the 
same court, but these cases did not name Wells Fargo as a 
defendant. On February 13, 2013, the district court granted 
defendants’ motions to dismiss the three actions. Plaintiffs 
appealed the dismissals and, on August 4, 2015, the United 
States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 
vacated the district court’s decisions and remanded the three 
cases to the district court for further proceedings. On June 28, 
2016, the United States Supreme Court granted defendants’ 
petitions for writ of certiorari to review the decisions of the 
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. On 
November 17, 2016, the United States Supreme Court dismissed 
the petitions as improvidently granted, and the three cases 
returned to the district court for further proceedings. 

AUTOMOBILE LENDING MATTERS  As the Company 
centralizes operations in its automobile lending business and 
tightens controls and oversight of third-party risk management, 
the Company anticipates it may continue to identify and 
remediate issues related to historical practices concerning the 
origination, servicing, and/or collection of consumer automobile 
loans, including related insurance products. For example, in July 
2017, the Company announced a plan to remediate customers 
who may have been financially harmed due to issues related to 
automobile collateral protection insurance (CPI) policies 
purchased through a third-party vendor on their behalf. The 
Company determined that certain external vendor processes and 
operational controls were inadequate and, as a result, customers 
may have been charged premiums for CPI even if they were 
paying for their own vehicle insurance, as required, and in some 
cases the CPI premiums may have contributed to a default that 
led to their vehicle’s repossession. The Company discontinued 
the practice of placing CPI in September 2016. Multiple putative 
class action cases alleging, among other things, unfair and 
deceptive practices relating to these CPI policies, have been filed 
against the Company and consolidated into one multi-district 
litigation in the United States District Court for the Central 
District of California. Further, a former team member has 
alleged retaliation for raising concerns regarding automobile 
lending practices. In addition, the Company has identified 
certain issues related to the unused portion of guaranteed 
automobile protection (GAP) waiver or insurance agreements 
between the dealer and, by assignment, the lender, which may 
result in refunds to customers in certain states. Allegations 
related to both the CPI and GAP programs are among the 
subjects of two shareholder derivative lawsuits, which were 
consolidated into one lawsuit in California state court. These and 
other issues related to the origination, servicing and/or 
collection of consumer automobile loans, including related 
insurance products, have also subjected the Company to formal 
or informal inquiries, investigations or examinations from 
federal and state government agencies. 

CONSUMER DEPOSIT ACCOUNT RELATED REGULATORY 
INVESTIGATION  The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
(the “CFPB”) is conducting an investigation into whether 
customers were unduly harmed by the Company’s procedures 
regarding the freezing (and, in many cases, closing) of consumer 
deposit accounts after the Company detected suspected 
fraudulent activity (by third-parties or account holders) that 
affected those accounts. 

INADVERTENT CLIENT INFORMATION DISCLOSURE  In 
July 2017, the Company inadvertently provided certain client 
information in response to a third-party subpoena issued in a 
civil litigation. The Company obtained permanent injunctions in 
New Jersey and New York state courts requiring the electronic 
data that contained the client information and all copies to be 
delivered to the New Jersey state court and the Company for 
safekeeping. The court has now returned the data to counsel for 
the Company. The Company has made voluntary self-disclosures 
to various state and federal regulatory agencies. Notifications 
have been sent to clients whose personal identifying data was 
contained in the inadvertent production. 

212 

Wells Fargo & Company 

  

INTERCHANGE LITIGATION  Plaintiffs representing a putative 
class of merchants have filed putative class actions, and 
individual merchants have filed individual actions, against Wells 
Fargo Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo & Company, Wachovia Bank, N.A. 
and Wachovia Corporation regarding the interchange fees 
associated with Visa and MasterCard payment card transactions. 
Visa, MasterCard and several other banks and bank holding 
companies are also named as defendants in these actions. These 
actions have been consolidated in the United States District 
Court for the Eastern District of New York. The amended and 
consolidated complaint asserts claims against defendants based 
on alleged violations of federal and state antitrust laws and seeks 
damages, as well as injunctive relief. Plaintiff merchants allege 
that Visa, MasterCard and payment card issuing banks 
unlawfully colluded to set interchange rates. Plaintiffs also allege 
that enforcement of certain Visa and MasterCard rules and 
alleged tying and bundling of services offered to merchants are 
anticompetitive. Wells Fargo and Wachovia, along with other 
defendants and entities, are parties to Loss and Judgment 
Sharing Agreements, which provide that they, along with other 
entities, will share, based on a formula, in any losses from the 
Interchange Litigation. On July 13, 2012, Visa, MasterCard and 
the financial institution defendants, including Wells Fargo, 
signed a memorandum of understanding with plaintiff 
merchants to resolve the consolidated class action and reached a 
separate settlement in principle of the consolidated individual 
actions. The settlement payments to be made by all defendants 
in the consolidated class and individual actions totaled 
approximately $6.6 billion before reductions applicable to 
certain merchants opting out of the settlement. The class 
settlement also provided for the distribution to class merchants 
of 10 basis points of default interchange across all credit rate 
categories for a period of eight consecutive months. The district 
court granted final approval of the settlement, which was 
appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second 
Circuit by settlement objector merchants. Other merchants 
opted out of the settlement and are pursuing several individual 
actions. On June 30, 2016, the Second Circuit vacated the 
settlement agreement and reversed and remanded the 
consolidated action to the United States District Court for the 
Eastern District of New York for further proceedings. On 
November 23, 2016, prior class counsel filed a petition to the 
United States Supreme Court, seeking review of the reversal of 
the settlement by the Second Circuit, and the Supreme Court 
denied the petition on March 27, 2017. On November 30, 2016, 
the district court appointed lead class counsel for a damages 
class and an equitable relief class. Several of the opt-out 
litigations were settled during the pendency of the Second 
Circuit appeal while others remain pending. Discovery is 
proceeding in the opt-out litigations and the remanded class 
cases. 

MORTGAGE BANKRUPTCY LOAN MODIFICATION 
LITIGATION  Plaintiffs, representing a putative class of 
mortgage borrowers who were debtors in Chapter 13 bankruptcy 
cases, filed a putative class action, Cotton, et al. v. Wells Fargo, 
et al., against Wells Fargo & Company and Wells Fargo Bank, 
N.A. in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western 
District of North Carolina on June 7, 2017. Plaintiffs allege that 
Wells Fargo improperly and unilaterally modified the mortgages 
of borrowers who were debtors in Chapter 13 bankruptcy 
cases. Plaintiffs allege that Wells Fargo implemented these 
modifications by improperly filing mortgage payment change 
notices in Chapter 13 bankruptcy cases, in violation of 
bankruptcy rules and process. The amended complaint asserts 

claims based on, among other things, alleged fraud, violations of 
bankruptcy rules and laws, and unfair and deceptive trade 
practices. The amended complaint seeks monetary damages, 
attorneys’ fees, and declaratory and injunctive relief. 

MORTGAGE INTEREST RATE LOCK RELATED REGULATORY 
INVESTIGATION  The CFPB is conducting an investigation into 
the Company’s policies and procedures regarding the 
circumstances in which the Company required customers to pay 
fees for the extension of interest rate lock periods for residential 
mortgages. This matter has also subjected the Company to 
formal or informal inquiries, investigations or examinations 
from other federal and state government agencies. On October 4, 
2017, the Company announced plans to reach out to all home 
lending customers who paid fees for mortgage rate lock 
extensions requested from September 16, 2013, through 
February 28, 2017, and to provide refunds, with interest, to 
customers who believe they should not have paid those fees. The 
Company is named in a putative class action, filed in the United 
States District Court for the Northern District of California, 
alleging violations of federal and state consumer fraud statutes 
relating to mortgage rate lock extension fees. A second suit was 
also filed, but was voluntarily dismissed in November 2017. In 
addition, former team members have asserted claims, including 
in pending litigation, that they were terminated for raising 
concerns regarding these policies and procedures. Allegations 
related to mortgage interest rate lock extension fees are also 
among the subjects of two shareholder derivative lawsuits filed 
in California state court. 

 
MORTGAGE RELATED REGULATORY INVESTIGATIONS 
Federal and state government agencies, including the United 
States Department of Justice (the “Department of Justice”), 
continue investigations or examinations of certain mortgage 
related activities of Wells Fargo and predecessor institutions. 
Wells Fargo, for itself and for predecessor institutions, has 
responded, and continues to respond, to requests from these 
agencies seeking information regarding the origination, 
underwriting and securitization of residential mortgages, 
including sub-prime mortgages. These agencies have advanced 
theories of purported liability with respect to certain of these 
activities. The Department of Justice and Wells Fargo continue 
to discuss the matter, including potential settlement of the 
Department of Justice's concerns; however, litigation with these 
agencies, including with the Department of Justice, remains a 
possibility. Other financial institutions have entered into similar 
settlements with these agencies, the nature of which related to 
the specific activities of those financial institutions, including the 
imposition of significant financial penalties and remedial 
actions. 

OFAC RELATED INVESTIGATION  The Company has self-
identified an issue whereby certain foreign banks utilized a Wells 
Fargo software-based solution to conduct import/export trade-
related financing transactions with countries and entities 
prohibited by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) of 
the United States Department of the Treasury. We do not believe 
any funds related to these transactions flowed through accounts 
at Wells Fargo as a result of the aforementioned conduct. The 
Company has made voluntary self-disclosures to OFAC and is 
cooperating with an inquiry from the Department of Justice. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

213 

Note 15:  Legal Actions (continued) 

ORDER OF POSTING LITIGATION  Plaintiffs filed a series of 
putative class actions against Wachovia Bank, N.A. and 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as well as many other banks, 
challenging the “high to low” order in which the banks post debit 
card transactions to consumer deposit accounts. Most of these 
actions were consolidated in multi-district litigation proceedings 
(the “MDL proceedings”) in the United States District Court for 
the Southern District of Florida. The court in the MDL 
proceedings has certified a class of putative plaintiffs, and Wells 
Fargo moved to compel arbitration of the claims of unnamed 
class members. The court denied the motions to compel 
arbitration on October 17, 2016. Wells Fargo has appealed this 
decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh 
Circuit. 

RMBS TRUSTEE LITIGATION  In November 2014, a group of 
institutional investors (the “Institutional Investor Plaintiffs”), 
including funds affiliated with BlackRock, Inc., filed a putative 
class action in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York against Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., alleging 
claims against the Company in its capacity as trustee for a 
number of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) trusts 
(the “Federal Court Complaint”). Similar complaints have been 
filed against other trustees in various courts, including in the 
Southern District of New York, in New York state court, and in 
other states, by RMBS investors. The Federal Court Complaint 
alleges that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, caused losses to 
investors and asserts causes of action based upon, among other 
things, the trustee's alleged failure to notify and enforce 
repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for purported 
breaches of representations and warranties, notify investors of 
alleged events of default, and abide by appropriate standards of 
care following alleged events of default. Plaintiffs seek money 
damages in an unspecified amount, reimbursement of expenses, 
and equitable relief. In December 2014 and December 2015, 
certain other investors filed four complaints alleging similar 
claims against Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in the Southern District of 
New York (the “Related Federal Cases”), and the various cases 
pending against Wells Fargo are proceeding before the same 
judge. On January 19, 2016, the Southern District of New York 
entered an order in connection with the Federal Court 
Complaint dismissing claims related to certain of the trusts at 
issue (the “Dismissed Trusts”). The Company's motion to 
dismiss the Federal Court Complaint and the complaints for the 
Related Federal Cases was granted in part and denied in part in 
March 2017. In May 2017, the Company filed third-party 
complaints against certain investment advisors affiliated with 
the Institutional Investor Plaintiffs seeking contribution with 
respect to claims alleged in the Federal Court Complaint. The 
investment advisors have moved to dismiss those complaints. 

A complaint raising similar allegations to the Federal Court 

Complaint was filed in May 2016 in New York state court by a 
different plaintiff investor. In addition, the Institutional Investor 
Plaintiffs subsequently filed a complaint relating to the 
Dismissed Trusts and certain additional trusts in California state 
court (the “California Action”). The California Action was 
subsequently dismissed in September 2016. In December 2016, 
the Institutional Investor Plaintiffs filed a new putative class 
action complaint in New York state court in respect of 261 RMBS 
trusts, including the Dismissed Trusts, for which Wells Fargo 
Bank, N.A. serves or served as trustee (the “State Court Action”). 
The Company has moved to dismiss the State Court Action. 

In July 2017, certain of the plaintiffs from the State Court 

Action filed a civil complaint relating to Wells Fargo Bank, 
N.A.'s setting aside reserves for legal fees and expenses in 

connection with the liquidation of eleven RMBS trusts at issue 
in the State Court Action. The complaint seeks, among other 
relief, declarations that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. is not entitled 
to indemnification, the advancement of funds or the taking of 
reserves from trust funds for legal fees and expenses it incurs 
in defending the claims in the State Court Action. In 
November 2017, the Company's motion to dismiss the 
complaint was granted. Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal in 
January 2018. In September 2017, one of the plaintiffs in the 
Related Federal Cases filed a similar complaint in the 
Southern District of New York seeking declaratory and 
injunctive relief and money damages on an individual and 
class action basis. 

SALES PRACTICES MATTERS  Federal, state and local 
government agencies, including the Department of Justice, 
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the United States Department of Labor, and state attorneys 
general and prosecutors’ offices, as well as Congressional 
committees, have undertaken formal or informal inquiries, 
investigations or examinations arising out of certain sales 
practices of the Company that were the subject of settlements 
with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Office of 
the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of the Los 
Angeles City Attorney announced by the Company on 
September 8, 2016. These matters are at varying stages. The 
Company has responded, and continues to respond, to 
requests from a number of the foregoing and has discussed 
the resolution of some of the matters. 

In addition, a number of lawsuits have also been filed by 
non-governmental parties seeking damages or other remedies 
related to these sales practices. First, various class plaintiffs 
purporting to represent consumers who allege that they received 
products or services without their authorization or consent have 
brought separate putative class actions against the Company in 
the United States District Court for the Northern District of 
California and various other jurisdictions. In April 2017, the 
Company entered into a settlement agreement in the first-filed 
action, Jabbari v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., to resolve claims 
regarding certain products or services provided without 
authorization or consent for the time period May 1, 2002 to April 
20, 2017. Pursuant to the settlement, the Company will pay 
$142 million for remediation, attorneys’ fees, and settlement 
fund claims administration. In the unlikely event that the 
$142 million settlement total is not enough to provide 
remediation, pay attorneys' fees, pay settlement fund claims 
administration costs, and have at least $25 million left over to 
distribute to all class members, the Company will contribute 
additional funds to the settlement. In addition, in the unlikely 
event that the number of unauthorized accounts identified by 
settlement class members in the claims process and not disputed 
 
by the claims administrator exceeds plaintiffs’ 3.5 million 
account estimate, the Company will proportionately increase the 
$25 million reserve so that the ratio of reserve to unauthorized 
accounts is no less than what was implied by plaintiffs’ estimate 
at the time of the district court’s preliminary approval of the 
settlement in July 2017. A final approval hearing has been 
scheduled for March 2018, although this timing is subject to 
change. Second, Wells Fargo shareholders are pursuing a 
consolidated securities fraud class action in the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California alleging 
certain misstatements and omissions in the Company’s 
disclosures related to sales practices matters. Third, Wells Fargo 
shareholders have brought numerous shareholder derivative 
lawsuits asserting breach of fiduciary duty claims, among others, 

214 

Wells Fargo & Company 

against current and former directors and officers for their 
alleged failure to detect and prevent sales practices issues, which 
were consolidated into two separate actions in the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California and 
California state court, as well as two separate actions in 
Delaware state court. Fourth, a range of employment litigation 
has been brought against Wells Fargo, including an Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) class action in the 
United States District Court for the District of Minnesota on 
behalf of 401(k) plan participants; class actions pending in the 
United States District Courts for the Northern District of 
California and Eastern District of New York on behalf of team 
members who allege that they protested sales practice 
misconduct and/or were terminated for not meeting sales goals; 
various wage and hour class actions brought in federal and state 
court in California, New Jersey, Florida, and Pennsylvania on 
behalf of non-exempt branch based team members alleging sales 
pressure resulted in uncompensated overtime; and multiple 
single plaintiff Sarbanes-Oxley Act complaints and state law 
whistleblower actions filed with the United States Department of 
Labor or in various state courts alleging adverse employment 
actions for raising sales practice misconduct issues. 

SEMINOLE TRIBE TRUSTEE LITIGATION  The Seminole Tribe 
of Florida filed a complaint in Florida state court alleging that 
Wells Fargo, as trustee, charged excess fees in connection with 
the administration of a minor’s trust and failed to invest the 
assets of the trust prudently. The complaint was later amended 
to include three individual current and former beneficiaries as 
plaintiffs and to remove the Tribe as a party to the case. In 
December 2016, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the 
amended complaint on the grounds that the Tribe is a necessary 
party and that the individual beneficiaries lack standing to bring 
claims. 

 

OUTLOOK  As described above, the Company establishes 
accruals for legal actions when potential losses associated with 
the actions become probable and the costs can be reasonably 
estimated. The high end of the range of reasonably possible 
potential losses in excess of the Company’s accrual for probable 
and estimable losses was approximately $2.7 billion as of 
December 31, 2017. The outcomes of legal actions are 
unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and it is 
inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or 
even possible. It is also inherently difficult to estimate the 
amount of any loss and there may be matters for which a loss is 
probable or reasonably possible but not currently estimable. 
Accordingly, actual losses may be in excess of the established 
accrual or the range of reasonably possible loss. Wells Fargo is 
unable to determine whether the ultimate resolution of either 
the mortgage related regulatory investigations or the sales 
practices matters will have a material adverse effect on its 
consolidated financial condition. Based on information currently 
available, advice of counsel, available insurance coverage and 
established reserves, Wells Fargo believes that the eventual 
outcome of other actions against Wells Fargo and/or its 
subsidiaries will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
material adverse effect on Wells Fargo’s consolidated financial 
condition. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of 
a matter, if unfavorable, may be material to Wells Fargo’s results 
of operations for any particular period. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

215 

Note 16:  Derivatives 

We use derivatives to manage exposure to market risk, including 
interest rate risk, credit risk and foreign currency risk, and to 
assist customers with their risk management objectives. We 
designate certain derivatives as hedging instruments in a 
qualifying hedge accounting relationship (fair value or cash flow 
hedge). Our remaining derivatives consist of economic hedges 
that do not qualify for hedge accounting and derivatives held for 
customer accommodation trading or other purposes. 

Our asset/liability management approach to interest rate, 

foreign currency and certain other risks includes the use of 
derivatives. Such derivatives are typically designated as fair 
value or cash flow hedges, or economic hedges. We use 
derivatives to help minimize significant, unplanned fluctuations 
in earnings, fair values of assets and liabilities, and cash flows 
caused by interest rate, foreign currency and other market risk 
volatility. This approach involves modifying the repricing 
characteristics of certain assets and liabilities so that changes in 
interest rates, foreign currency and other exposures, which may 
cause the hedged assets and liabilities to gain or lose fair value, 
do not have a significantly adverse effect on the net interest 
margin, cash flows and earnings. In a fair value or economic 
hedge, the effect of change in fair value will generally be offset by 
the unrealized gain or loss on the derivatives linked to the 
hedged assets and liabilities. In a cash flow hedge, where we 
manage the variability of cash payments due to interest rate 
fluctuations by the effective use of derivatives linked to hedged 
assets and liabilities, the hedged asset or liability is not adjusted 
and the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in 
other comprehensive income. 

We also offer various derivatives, including interest rate, 

commodity, equity, credit and foreign exchange contracts, as an 
accommodation to our customers as part of our trading 
businesses. These derivative transactions, which involve our 
engaging in market-making activities or acting as an 
intermediary, are conducted in an effort to help customers 
manage their market risks. We usually offset our exposure from 
such derivatives by entering into other financial contracts, such 
as separate derivative or security transactions. These customer 
accommodations and any offsetting derivatives are treated as 
customer accommodation trading and other derivatives in our 
disclosures. Additionally, embedded derivatives that are 
required to be accounted for separately from their host contracts 
are included in the customer accommodation trading and other 
derivatives disclosures as applicable. 

Table 16.1 presents the total notional or contractual 

amounts and fair values for our derivatives. Derivative 
transactions can be measured in terms of the notional amount, 
but this amount is not recorded on the balance sheet and is not, 
when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk 
profile of the instruments. The notional amount is generally not 
exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which interest and 
other payments are determined. 

216 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 16.1:  Notional or Contractual Amounts and Fair Values of Derivatives 

  

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Interest rate contracts (1) 
Foreign exchange contracts (1) 

Total derivatives designated as
     qualifying hedging instruments 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Economic hedges: 

Interest rate contracts (2) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 

Credit contracts - protection purchased 

Subtotal 

Customer accommodation trading and 

other derivatives: 
Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts - protection sold 
Credit contracts - protection purchased 
Other contracts 

Subtotal 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Total derivatives before netting 

Netting (3) 

Total 

Notional or 
contractual 

Fair value 
Liability 
amount  derivatives  derivatives 

Asset 

Notional or 
contractual 
amount 

Asset 
derivatives 

Fair value 
Liability 
derivatives 

$  209,677 
34,135 

2,492 
1,482 

1,092 
1,137 

235,222 
25,861 

6,587 
673 

2,710 
2,779 

3,974 

2,229 

7,260 

5,489 

220,558 
12,315 
15,976 

111

6,434,673 
62,530 
213,750 
362,896 
9,021 
17,406 
—

159 
716 
78 

37 

990 

14,979 
2,354 
6,291 
7,413 
147 
207 
—

31,391 

32,381 

36,355 

228,051 
7,964 
20,435 

482 

6,018,370 
65,532 
151,675 
318,999 
10,483 
19,964 
961 

201 
138 
309 

— 

648 

14,179 
1,335 
8,363 
7,122 
214 
208 
— 

31,421 

32,069 

34,298 

1,098 
545 
626 

102 

2,371 

57,583 
3,057 
4,813 
9,595 
85 
365 
—

75,498 

77,869 

85,129 

1,441 
83 
165 

— 

1,689 

61,058 
2,551 
6,029 
9,798 
389 
138 
47 

80,010 

81,699 

87,188 

(24,127) 

(25,502) 

$  12,228 

8,796 

(70,631) 

(72,696) 

14,498 

14,492 

(1)  Notional amounts presented exclude $500 million and $1.9 billion of interest rate contracts at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, for certain derivatives that are 
combined for designation as a hedge on a single instrument. The notional amount for foreign exchange contracts at December 31, 2017 and 2016, excludes $13.5 billion 
 
and $9.6 billion, respectively for certain derivatives that are combined for designation as a hedge on a single instrument. 
Includes economic hedge derivatives used to hedge the risk of changes in the fair value of residential MSRs, MHFS, loans, derivative loan commitments and other interests 
held. 

(2) 

(3)  Represents balance sheet netting of derivative asset and liability balances, related cash collateral and portfolio level counterparty valuation adjustments. See the next table 

in this Note for further information. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

217 

Note 16:  Derivatives (continued) 

Table 16.2 provides information on the gross fair values of 

derivative assets and liabilities, the balance sheet netting 
adjustments and the resulting net fair value amount recorded on 
our balance sheet, as well as the non-cash collateral associated 
with such arrangements. We execute substantially all of our 
derivative transactions under master netting arrangements and 
reflect all derivative balances and related cash collateral subject 
to enforceable master netting arrangements on a net basis within 
the balance sheet. The “Gross amounts recognized” column in 
the following table includes $30.0 billion and $29.9 billion of 
gross derivative assets and liabilities, respectively, at 
December 31, 2017, and $74.4 billion and $78.4 billion, 
respectively, at December 31, 2016, with counterparties subject 
to enforceable master netting arrangements that are carried on 
the balance sheet net of offsetting amounts. The remaining gross 
derivative assets and liabilities of $6.4 billion and $4.4 billion, 
respectively, at December 31, 2017 and $10.7 billion and 
$8.7 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2016, include those 
with counterparties subject to master netting arrangements for 
which we have not assessed the enforceability because they are 
with counterparties where we do not currently have positions to 
offset, those subject to master netting arrangements where we 
have not been able to confirm the enforceability and those not 
subject to master netting arrangements. As such, we do not net 
derivative balances or collateral within the balance sheet for 
these counterparties. 

We determine the balance sheet netting adjustments based 
on the terms specified within each master netting arrangement. 
We disclose the balance sheet netting amounts within the 
column titled “Gross amounts offset in consolidated balance 
sheet.” Balance sheet netting adjustments are determined at the 
counterparty level for which there may be multiple contract 
types. For disclosure purposes, we allocate these netting 
adjustments to the contract type for each counterparty 

proportionally based upon the “Gross amounts recognized” by 
counterparty. As a result, the net amounts disclosed by contract 
type may not represent the actual exposure upon settlement of 
the contracts. 

We do not net non-cash collateral that we receive and 

pledge on the balance sheet. For disclosure purposes, we present 
the fair value of this non-cash collateral in the column titled 
“Gross amounts not offset in consolidated balance sheet 
(Disclosure-only netting)” within the table. We determine and 
allocate the Disclosure-only netting amounts in the same 
manner as balance sheet netting amounts. 

The “Net amounts” column within Table 16.2 represents the 

aggregate of our net exposure to each counterparty after 
considering the balance sheet and Disclosure-only netting 
adjustments. We manage derivative exposure by monitoring the 
credit risk associated with each counterparty using counterparty 
specific credit risk limits, using master netting arrangements 
and obtaining collateral. Derivative contracts executed in over-
the-counter markets include bilateral contractual arrangements 
that are not cleared through a central clearing organization but 
are typically subject to master netting arrangements. The 
percentage of our bilateral derivative transactions outstanding at 
period end in such markets, based on gross fair value, is 
provided within the following table. Other derivative contracts 
executed in over-the-counter or exchange-traded markets are 
settled through a central clearing organization and are excluded 
from this percentage. In addition to the netting amounts 
included in the table, we also have balance sheet netting related 
to resale and repurchase agreements that are disclosed within 
Note 14 (Guarantees, Pledged Assets and Collateral, and Other 
Commitments). 

218 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 16.2:  Gross Fair Values of Derivative Assets and Liabilities 

  

(in millions) 
December 31, 2017 
Derivative assets 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts-protection sold 
Credit contracts-protection purchased 

Total derivative assets 

Derivative liabilities 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts-protection sold 
Credit contracts-protection purchased 
Other contracts 

Total derivative liabilities 

December 31, 2016 
Derivative assets 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts-protection sold 
Credit contracts-protection purchased 

Total derivative assets 

Derivative liabilities 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts-protection sold 
Credit contracts-protection purchased 
Other contracts 

Total derivative liabilities 

Gross 
amounts 
offset in 
consolidated 
balance 
sheet (1)(2) 

Gross amounts 
not offset in 
consolidated 
balance sheet 
(Disclosure-only 
netting) (3) 

Net amounts in 
consolidated 
balance sheet 

Gross amounts 
recognized (1) 

Percent 
exchanged in 
over-the-counter 
market (1)(4) 

Net 
amounts 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

17,630 
2,354 
7,007 
8,973 
147 
244 
36,355 

15,472 
1,335 
8,501 
8,568 
214 
208 
— 
34,298 

65,268 
3,057 
5,358 
10,894 
85 
467 
85,129 

65,209 
2,551 
6,112 
12,742 
389 
138 
47 
87,188 

(11,929) 
(966) 
(4,233) 
(6,656) 
(145) 
(198) 
(24,127) 

(13,226) 
(648) 
(4,041) 
(7,189) 
(204) 
(194) 
— 
(25,502) 

(59,880) 
(707) 
(3,018) 
(6,663) 
(48) 
(315) 
(70,631) 

(58,956) 
(402) 
(2,433) 
(10,572) 
(295) 
(38) 
— 
(72,696) 

5,701 
1,388 
2,774 
2,317 
2 
46 
12,228 

2,246 
687 
4,460 
1,379 
10 
14 
— 
8,796 

5,388 
2,350 
2,340 
4,231 
37 
152 
14,498 

6,253 
2,149 
3,679 
2,170 
94 
100 
47 
14,492 

(145) 
(4) 
(596) 
(25) 
— 
(3) 
(773) 

5,556 
1,384 
2,178 
2,292 
2 
43 
11,455 

(1,078) 
(1) 
(400) 
(204) 
(9) 
— 
— 
(1,692) 

(987) 
(30) 
(365) 
(362) 
— 
(1) 
(1,745) 

(3,129) 
(37) 
(331) 
(251) 
(44) 
(2) 
— 
(3,794) 

1,168 
686 
4,060 
1,175 
1 
14 
— 
7,104 

4,401 
2,320 
1,975 
3,869 
37 
151 
12,753 

3,124 
2,112 
3,348 
1,919 
50 
98 
47 
10,698 

99% 
88 
76 
100 
10 
89 

99% 
76 
85 
100 
85 
9 
— 

34 % 
74 
75 
97 
61 
98 

30 % 
38 
85 
100 
98 
50 
100 

(1) 

 

 

In second quarter 2017, we adopted Settlement to Market treatment for the cash collateralizing our interest rate derivative contracts with certain centrally cleared 
counterparties. As a result of this adoption, the “gross amounts recognized” and “gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheet” columns do not include exposure 
with certain centrally cleared counterparties because the contracts are considered settled by the collateral. Likewise, what remains in these gross amount columns consists 
primarily of over-the-counter (OTC) market contracts for most of the contract types as reflected by the high percentage of OTC contracts in the “percent exchanged in over-
the counter market” column as of December 31, 2017. 

 

(2)  Represents amounts with counterparties subject to enforceable master netting arrangements that have been offset in the consolidated balance sheet, including related cash 

collateral and portfolio level counterparty valuation adjustments. Counterparty valuation adjustments were $245 million and $348 million related to derivative assets and 
$95 million and $114 million related to derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Cash collateral totaled $2.7 billion and $4.2 billion, netted 
against derivative assets and liabilities, respectively, at December 31, 2017, and $4.8 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2016. 

(3)  Represents the fair value of non-cash collateral pledged and received against derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty that are subject to enforceable 
master netting arrangements. U.S. GAAP does not permit netting of such non-cash collateral balances in the consolidated balance sheet but requires disclosure of these 
amounts. 

(4)  Represents derivatives executed in over-the-counter markets not settled through a central clearing organization. Over-the-counter percentages are calculated based on 

Gross amounts recognized as of the respective balance sheet date. The remaining percentage represents derivatives settled through a central clearing organization, which 
are executed in either over-the-counter or exchange-traded markets. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

219 

Note 16:  Derivatives (continued) 

Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedges 
 
For fair value hedges, we use interest rate swaps to convert 
certain of our fixed-rate long-term debt and time certificates of 
deposit to floating rates to hedge our exposure to interest rate 
risk. We also enter into cross-currency swaps, cross-currency 
interest rate swaps and forward contracts to hedge our exposure 
to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk associated with the 
issuance of non-U.S. dollar denominated long-term debt. In 
addition, we use interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, 
cross-currency interest rate swaps and forward contracts to 
hedge against changes in fair value of certain investments in 
available-for-sale debt securities due to changes in interest rates, 
foreign currency rates, or both. We also use interest rate swaps 
to hedge against changes in fair value for certain mortgages held 
for sale. 

For cash flow hedges, we use interest rate swaps to hedge the 
variability in interest payments received on certain floating-rate 
commercial loans and paid on certain floating-rate debt due to 
changes in the benchmark interest rate. 

 
Based upon current interest rates, we estimate $90 million 

pre-tax of deferred net losses on derivatives in OCI at 
December 31, 2017, will be reclassified into net interest income 
during the next twelve months. Future changes to interest rates 
may significantly change actual amounts reclassified to earnings. 
We are hedging our exposure to the variability of future cash 
flows for all forecasted transactions for a maximum of 4 years. 

Table 16.3 shows the net gains (losses) related to derivatives 

in fair value and cash flow hedging relationships. 

Table 16.3:  Gains (Losses) Recognized in Consolidated Statement of Income on Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedging 
Relationships (1) 

  

(in millions) 
Year ended December 31, 2017 
Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of 

income 

Gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives 
(2) 
Recognized on derivatives 
Recognized on hedged items 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives 
(2)(3) 
Recognized on derivatives (4) 
Recognized on hedged items 

Net interest income 

Noninterest 
Income 

Investment 
securities 

Loans 

Mortgages 
held for 

sale  Deposits 

Long-
term debt 

Other 

Total 

10,664  41,388 

786 

(3,013) 

(5,157) 

1,603  46,271 

(469) 
(43) 
(52) 

14 
13 
(10) 

(1) 
1 
(1) 

— 
— 
— 

(5) 
(5) 
(4) 

— 
— 
— 

36 
(20) 
36 

1,286 
(912) 
938 

— 
— 
— 

847 
(979) 
917 

— 
— 
— 

(210) 
(230) 
255 

(196) 
— 
2,901 
3,118 
(2,855)  (2,610) 

Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges 

(547) 

(1) 

(14) 

52 

1,127 

263 

880 

Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Realized gains (losses) (pre tax) reclassified from 

cumulative OCI into net income (5) 

Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges 

(continued on following page) 

— 

— 

551 

551 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(8) 

(8) 

— 

— 

543 

543 

220 

Wells Fargo & Company 

(continued from previous page) 

(in millions) 
Year ended December 31, 2016 
Total amounts of line items presented in the consolidated 
statement of income 

Gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives (2) 
Recognized on derivatives 
Recognized on hedged items 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives (2) 
(3) 
Recognized on derivatives 
Recognized on hedged items 

         Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges 

Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Realized gains (losses) (pre tax) reclassified from 

cumulative OCI into net income (5) 

Gains (losses) (before tax) recognized in income for hedge 

ineffectiveness 

         Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges 
Year ended December 31, 2015 
Total amounts of line items presented in the consolidated 

statement of income 

Gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives (2) 
Recognized on derivatives 
Recognized on hedged items 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Amounts related to interest settlements on derivatives (2) 
(3) 
Recognized on derivatives 
Recognized on hedged items 

         Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges 

Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Interest contracts 

Realized gains (losses) (pre tax) reclassified from 

cumulative OCI into net income (5) 

Gains (losses) (before tax) recognized in income for hedge 

ineffectiveness 

         Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges 

Net interest income 

Noninterest 
Income 

Investment 
securities 

Loans 

Mortgages 
held for 

sale  Deposits 

Long-
term debt 

Other 

Total 

9,248 

39,505 

784 

(1,395) 

(3,830) 

1,289 

45,601 

(582) 
— 
— 

9 
— 
— 
(573) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

1,043 

— 
1,043 

(6) 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
(6) 

— 

— 
— 

62 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
62 

— 

— 
— 

1,830 
— 
— 

31 
— 
— 
1,861 

— 
(2,175) 
2,157 

1,304 
(2,175) 
2,157 

— 
(274) 
286 
(6) 

40 
(274) 
286
1,338 

(14) 

— 
(14) 

— 

(1) 
(1) 

1,029 

(1)
1,028 

8,937 

36,575 

785 

(963) 

(2,592) 

464 

43,206 

(782) 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
(782) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

3 

— 
3 

1,103 

— 
1,103 

(13) 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
(13) 

— 

— 
— 

69 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
69 

— 

— 
— 

1,886 
— 
— 

182 
— 
— 
2,068 

— 
300 
(248) 

1,160 
300 
(248) 

— 
(2,117) 
2,143 
78 

182 
(2,117) 
2,143
1,420 

(17) 

— 
(17) 

— 

1 
1 

1,089 

1
1,090 

(1)  Prior period gain or loss amounts and presentation location were not conformed to new hedge accounting guidance that we adopted in 2017. 
(2) 

Includes $(143) million, $(104) million and $(106) million for years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, which represents changes in fair value due to 
the passage of time associated with the non-zero fair value amount at hedge inception. 
Includes $(3) million, $(13) million and $(7) million for years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, of the time value component recognized as net 
interest income (expense) on forward derivatives hedging foreign currency available-for-sale securities and long-term debt that were excluded from the assessment of 
hedge effectiveness. 

(3) 

(4)  For certain fair value hedges of foreign currency risk, changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads are excluded 

from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. See Note 24 (Other Comprehensive Income) for the amounts recognized in other 
comprehensive income. 

(5)  See Note 24 (Other Comprehensive Income) for details of amounts reclassified to net income. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

221 

Note 16:  Derivatives (continued) 

Table 16.4 shows the carrying amount and associated 

cumulative basis adjustment related to the application of hedge 
accounting that is included in the carrying amount of hedged 
assets and liabilities in fair value hedging relationships. 

Table 16.4:  Hedged Items in Fair Value Hedging Relationship 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Investment securities, Available-for-sale (5) 
Loans 
Mortgages held for sale 
Deposits 
Long-term debt 

Hedged Items Currently Designated 

Hedged Items No Longer Designated (1) 

Hedge Accounting 
Basis Adjustment 
Assets/(Liabilities) (2)(4)  Assets/(Liabilities) (3) 

Carrying Amount of 

Carrying Amount of 
Assets/(Liabilities) (4) 

Hedge Accounting 
Basis Adjustment 
Assets/(Liabilities) 

32,498 
140 
465 
(23,679) 
(128,950) 

870 
(1) 
(1) 
158 
(2,154) 

5,221 
— 
— 
— 
(1,953) 

343 
— 
— 
— 
16 

(1)  Represents hedged items no longer designated in qualifying fair value hedging relationships for which an associated basis adjustment exists at the balance sheet date. 
(2)  Does not include the carrying amount of hedged items where only foreign currency risk is the designated hedged risk. The carrying amount excluded for investment 

securities is $1.5 billion and for long-term debt is $(7.7) billion. 

(3)  The balance includes $2.1 billion and $297 million of investment securities and long-term debt cumulative basis adjustments, respectively, on terminated hedges whereby 

the hedged items have subsequently been re-designated into existing hedges. 

(4)  Represents the full carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability item as of the balance sheet date, except for circumstances in which only a portion of the asset or 

liability was designated as the hedged item in which case only the portion designated is presented. 

(5)  Carrying amount represents the amortized cost. 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
We use economic hedge derivatives to hedge the risk of changes 
in the fair value of certain residential MHFS, certain loans held 
for investment, residential MSRs measured at fair value, 
derivative loan commitments and other interests held. We also 
use economic hedge derivatives to mitigate the periodic earnings 
volatility caused by mismatches between the changes in fair 
value of the hedged item and hedging instrument recognized on 
our fair value accounting hedges. The resulting gain or loss on 
these economic hedge derivatives is reflected in mortgage 
banking noninterest income, net gains (losses) from equity 
investments and other noninterest income. 

The derivatives used to hedge MSRs measured at fair value, 

which include swaps, swaptions, constant maturity mortgages, 
forwards, Eurodollar and Treasury futures and options 
contracts, resulted in net derivative gains of $413 million in 
2017, net derivative gains of $261 million in 2016 and net 
derivative gains of $671 million in 2015, which are included in 
mortgage banking noninterest income. The aggregate fair value 
of these derivatives was a net asset of $89 million at 
December 31, 2017, and a net liability of $617 million at 
December 31, 2016. The change in fair value of these derivatives 
for each period end is due to changes in the underlying market 
indices and interest rates as well as the purchase and sale of 
derivative financial instruments throughout the period as part of 
our dynamic MSR risk management process. 

Interest rate lock commitments for mortgage loans that we 

intend to sell are considered derivatives. Our interest rate 
exposure on these derivative loan commitments, as well as 
residential MHFS, is hedged with economic hedge derivatives 
such as swaps, forwards and options, Eurodollar futures and 
options, and Treasury futures, forwards and options contracts. 
The derivative loan commitments, economic hedge derivatives 
and residential MHFS are carried at fair value with changes in 
fair value included in mortgage banking noninterest income. For 
the fair value measurement of interest rate lock commitments we 
include, at inception and during the life of the loan commitment, 
the expected net future cash flows related to the associated 
servicing of the loan. Fair value changes subsequent to inception 

are based on changes in fair value of the underlying loan 
resulting from the exercise of the commitment and changes in 
the probability that the loan will not fund within the terms of the 
commitment (referred to as a fall-out factor). The value of the 
underlying loan is affected by changes in interest rates and the 
passage of time. However, changes in investor demand can also 
cause changes in the value of the underlying loan value that 
cannot be hedged. The aggregate fair value of derivative loan 
commitments on the balance sheet was a net asset of $17 million 
 
and a net liability of $6 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively, and is included in the caption “Interest rate 
contracts” under “Customer accommodation trading and other 
derivatives” in Table 16.1. 

We also enter into various derivatives as an accommodation 

to our customers as part of our trading businesses. These 
derivatives are not linked to specific assets and liabilities on the 
balance sheet or to forecasted transactions in an accounting 
hedge relationship and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge 
accounting. We also enter into derivatives for risk management 
that do not otherwise qualify for hedge accounting. They are 
carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in 
noninterest income. 

Customer accommodation trading and other derivatives also 

include embedded derivatives that are required to be accounted 
for separately from their host contract. We periodically issue 
hybrid long-term notes and CDs where the performance of the 
hybrid instrument notes is linked to an equity, commodity or 
currency index, or basket of such indices. These notes contain 
explicit terms that affect some or all of the cash flows or the 
value of the note in a manner similar to a derivative instrument 
and therefore are considered to contain an “embedded” 
derivative instrument. The indices on which the performance of 
the hybrid instrument is calculated are not clearly and closely 
related to the host debt instrument. The “embedded” derivative 
is separated from the host contract and accounted for as a 
derivative. Additionally, we may invest in hybrid instruments 
that contain embedded derivatives, such as credit derivatives, 
that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract. In 
such instances, we either elect fair value option for the hybrid 

222 

Wells Fargo & Company 

instrument or separate the embedded derivative from the host 
contract and account for the host contract and derivative 
separately. 

Table 16.5 shows the net gains (losses), recognized by 

income statement lines, related to derivatives not designated as 
hedging instruments. 

Table 16.5: Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

 

Mortgage banking 

Net gains (losses)  Net gains (losses) 
from trading 
activities 

from equity 
investments 

Noninterest income 

Other 

Total 

$ 

448 
— 
— 
— 
448 

614 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
614 

— 
(1,483) 
— 
— 
(1,483) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

160 
(3,932) 
638 
(81) 
178 
—

(3,037) 

(75) 
17 
(866) 
5 
(919) 

— 
1 
— 
— 
— 
—
1 

373 
(1,466) 
(866) 
5 
(1,954) 

774 
(3,931) 
638 
(81) 
178 
— 
(2,422) 

$ 

1,062 

(1,483) 

(3,037) 

(918) 

(4,376) 

(in millions) 
Year ended December 31, 2017 
Net gains (losses) recognized on 
economic hedges derivatives: 

Interest contracts (1) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 

Subtotal (2) 

Net gains (losses) recognized on 

customer accommodation trading 
and other derivatives: 
Interest contracts (3) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Other 

Subtotal 

Net gains (losses) recognized 

related to derivatives not 
designated as hedging 
instruments 

(Continued on following page) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

223 

Note 16:  Derivatives (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 

(in millions) 

Mortgage banking 

Net gains (losses) 
from equity 
investments 

Net gains (losses) 
from trading 
activities 

Noninterest income 

Other 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Net gains (losses) recognized on 
economic hedges derivatives: 

Interest contracts (1) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 

Subtotal (2) 

$ 

Net gains (losses) recognized on 

customer accommodation trading and 
other derivatives: 
Interest contracts (3) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Other 

Subtotal 

Net gains (losses) recognized related to 
derivatives not designated as hedging 
instruments 

$ 

Year ended December 31, 2015 

Net gains (losses) recognized on 
economic hedges derivatives: 
Interest contracts (1) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 

Subtotal (2) 

$ 

Net gains (losses) recognized on 

customer accommodation trading and 
other derivatives: 
Interest contracts (3) 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Other 

Subtotal 

Net gains (losses) recognized related to 
derivatives not designated as hedging 
instruments 

$ 

1,029 
— 
— 
— 

1,029 

818 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

818 

— 
125 
— 
— 

125 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

255 
(1,643) 
1,077 
(105) 
216 
11 

(189) 

(51) 
(11) 
954 
21 

913 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—

— 

978 
114 
954 
21 

2,067 

1,073 
(1,643) 
1,077 
(105) 
216 
11 

629 

1,847 

125 

(189) 

913 

2,696 

723 
— 
— 
— 

723 

941 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

941 

— 
(393) 
— 
— 

(393) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

1,664 

(393) 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

265 
563 
812 
44 
88 
(15) 

1,757 

1,757 

(42) 
— 
496 
— 

454 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

454 

681 
(393) 
496 
— 

784 

1,206 
563 
812 
44 
88 
(15) 

2,698 

3,482 

(1) 
(2) 

Includes gains (losses) on the derivatives used as economic hedges of MSRs measured at fair value, interest rate lock commitments and mortgages held for sale. 
Includes hedging losses of $(71) million, $(8) million, and $(24) million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, which partially offset hedge 
accounting ineffectiveness. 

(3)  Amounts presented in mortgage banking noninterest income are gains on interest rate lock commitments. 

Credit Derivatives 
 
Credit derivative contracts are arrangements whose value is 
derived from the transfer of credit risk of a reference asset or 
entity from one party (the purchaser of credit protection) to 
another party (the seller of credit protection). We use credit 
derivatives to assist customers with their risk management 
objectives. We may also use credit derivatives in structured 
product transactions or liquidity agreements written to special 
purpose vehicles. The maximum exposure of sold credit 
derivatives is managed through posted collateral, purchased 
credit derivatives and similar products in order to achieve our 
desired credit risk profile. This credit risk management provides 

an ability to recover a significant portion of any amounts that 
would be paid under the sold credit derivatives. We would be 
required to perform under the sold credit derivatives in the event 
of default by the referenced obligors. Events of default include 
events such as bankruptcy, capital restructuring or lack of 
principal and/or interest payment. In certain cases, other 
triggers may exist, such as the credit downgrade of the 
referenced obligors or the inability of the special purpose vehicle 
for which we have provided liquidity to obtain funding. 

Table 16.6 provides details of sold and purchased credit 

derivatives. 

224 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 16.6:  Sold and Purchased Credit Derivatives 

  

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Credit default swaps on: 

Corporate bonds 
Structured products 

Credit protection on: 

Default swap index 
Commercial mortgage-backed securities index 
Asset-backed securities index 

Other 

$ 

35 
86 

— 
83 
9 
1 

Total credit derivatives 

$ 

214 

December 31, 2016 
Credit default swaps on: 

Corporate bonds 
Structured products 

Credit protection on: 

Default swap index 
Commercial mortgage-backed securities index 
Asset-backed securities index 

Other 

Total credit derivatives 

$ 

$ 

22 
193 

— 
156 
17 
1 

389 

Fair value 
liability 

Protection 
sold (A) 

Protection 
sold - non-
investment 
grade 

Protection 
purchased with 
identical 
underlyings (B) 

Net 
protection 
sold (A)-(B) 

Other 
protection 
purchased 

Range of 
maturities 

Notional amount 

2,007 
267 

2,626 
423 
42 
3,656 

9,021 

4,324 
405 

1,515 
627 
45 
3,567 

10,483 

510 
252 

540 
— 
— 
3,306 

4,608 

1,704 
333 

257 
— 
— 
3,568 

5,862 

1,575 
232 

308 
401 
42 
— 

2,558 

3,060 
295 

139 
584 
40 
— 

4,118 

432 
35 

2,318 
22 
— 
3,656 

6,463 

1,264 
110 

1,376 
43 
5 
3,567 

6,365 

946 
153 

2018 - 2027 
2022 - 2047 

3,932 
87 
1 
9,840 

14,959 

1,804 
79 

3,668 
71 
187 
10,519 

16,328 

2018 - 2027 
2047 - 2058 
2045 - 2046 
2018 - 2031 

2017 - 2026 
2020 - 2047 

2017 - 2021 
2047 - 2058 
2045 - 2046 
2017 - 2047 

Protection sold represents the estimated maximum 

exposure to loss that would be incurred under an assumed 
hypothetical circumstance, where the value of our interests and 
any associated collateral declines to zero, without any 
consideration of recovery or offset from any economic hedges. 
We believe this hypothetical circumstance to be an extremely 
remote possibility and accordingly, this required disclosure is 
not an indication of expected loss. The amounts under non-
investment grade represent the notional amounts of those credit 
derivatives on which we have a higher risk of being required to 
perform under the terms of the credit derivative and are a 
function of the underlying assets. 

We consider the risk of performance to be high if the 

underlying assets under the credit derivative have an external 
rating that is below investment grade or an internal credit 
default grade that is equivalent thereto. We believe the net 
protection sold, which is representative of the net notional 
amount of protection sold and purchased with identical 
underlyings, in combination with other protection purchased, is 
more representative of our exposure to loss than either non-
investment grade or protection sold. Other protection purchased 
represents additional protection, which may offset the exposure 
to loss for protection sold, that was not purchased with an 
identical underlying of the protection sold. 

Credit-Risk Contingent Features 
 
Certain of our derivative contracts contain provisions whereby if 
the credit rating of our debt were to be downgraded by certain 
major credit rating agencies, the counterparty could demand 
additional collateral or require termination or replacement of 
derivative instruments in a net liability position. The aggregate 
fair value of all derivative instruments with such credit-risk-
related contingent features that are in a net liability position was 
$8.3 billion at December 31, 2017, and $12.8 billion at 
 
December 31, 2016, respectively, for which we posted $7.1 billion 
and $8.9 billion, respectively, in collateral in the normal course 
of business. If the credit rating of our debt had been downgraded 
below investment grade, which is the credit-risk-related 
contingent feature that if triggered requires the maximum 

amount of collateral to be posted, on December 31, 2017, or 
December 31, 2016, we would have been required to post 
additional collateral of $1.2 billion or $4.0 billion, respectively, 
or potentially settle the contract in an amount equal to its fair 
value. Some contracts require that we provide more collateral 
than the fair value of derivatives that are in a net liability 
position if a downgrade occurs. 

Counterparty Credit Risk 
By using derivatives, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk 
if counterparties to the derivative contracts do not perform as 
expected. If a counterparty fails to perform, our counterparty 
credit risk is equal to the amount reported as a derivative asset 
on our balance sheet. The amounts reported as a derivative asset 
are derivative contracts in a gain position, and to the extent 
subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements, net 
of derivatives in a loss position with the same counterparty and 
cash collateral received. We minimize counterparty credit risk 
through credit approvals, limits, monitoring procedures, 
executing master netting arrangements and obtaining collateral, 
where appropriate. To the extent the master netting 
arrangements and other criteria meet the applicable 
requirements, including determining the legal enforceability of 
the arrangement, it is our policy to present derivative balances 
and related cash collateral amounts net on the balance sheet. We 
incorporate credit valuation adjustments (CVA) to reflect 
counterparty credit risk in determining the fair value of our 
derivatives. Such adjustments, which consider the effects of 
enforceable master netting agreements and collateral 
arrangements, reflect market-based views of the credit quality of 
each counterparty. Our CVA calculation is determined based on 
observed credit spreads in the credit default swap market and 
indices indicative of the credit quality of the counterparties to 
our derivatives. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

225 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities 

We use fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments 
to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value 
disclosures. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a 
recurring basis are presented in Table 17.2 in this Note. From 
time to time, we may be required to record fair value 
adjustments on a nonrecurring basis. These nonrecurring fair 
value adjustments typically involve application of LOCOM 
accounting or write-downs of individual assets. Assets recorded 
on a nonrecurring basis are presented in Table 17.12 in this Note. 
Following is a discussion of the fair value hierarchy and the 
valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded 
at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis and for 
estimating fair value for financial instruments not recorded at 
fair value. 
 
Fair Value Hierarchy 
We group our assets and liabilities measured at fair value in 
three levels based on the markets in which the assets and 
liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used 
to determine fair value. These levels are: 
• 

Level 1 – Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical 
instruments traded in active markets. 
Level 2 – Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar 
instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or 
similar instruments in markets that are not active, and 
model-based valuation techniques for which all significant 
assumptions are observable in the market. 
Level 3 – Valuation is generated from techniques that use 
significant assumptions that are not observable in the 
market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates 
of assumptions that market participants would use in 
pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include 
use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models 
and similar techniques.

• 

• 

 In accordance with new accounting guidance that we 

adopted effective January 1, 2016, we do not classify an 
investment in the fair value hierarchy if we use the non-
published net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent) that 
has been communicated to us as an investor as a practical 
expedient to measure fair value. We generally use NAV per share 
as the fair value measurement for certain nonmarketable equity 
fund investments. Marketable equity investments with published 
NAVs continue to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
In the determination of the classification of financial 

instruments in Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, we 
consider all available information, including observable market 
data, indications of market liquidity and orderliness, and our 
understanding of the valuation techniques and significant inputs 
used. For securities in inactive markets, we use a predetermined 
percentage to evaluate the impact of fair value adjustments 
derived from weighting both external and internal indications of 
value to determine if the instrument is classified as Level 2 or 
Level 3. Otherwise, the classification of Level 2 or Level 3 is 
based upon the specific facts and circumstances of each 
instrument or instrument category and judgments are made 
regarding the significance of the Level 3 inputs to the 
instruments’ fair value measurement in its entirety. If Level 3 
inputs are considered significant, the instrument is classified as 
Level 3. 

 

Assets 
SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL ASSETS  Short-term financial assets 
include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and 
securities purchased under resale agreements and due from 
customers on acceptances. These assets are carried at historical 
cost. The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value 
because of the relatively short time between the origination of 
the instrument and its expected realization. 

 

TRADING ASSETS AND INVESTMENT SECURITIES  Trading 
assets and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value 
on a recurring basis. Other investment securities classified as 
held-to-maturity are subject to impairment and fair value 
measurement if fair value declines below amortized cost and we 
do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the 
debt security. Fair value measurement is based upon various 
sources of market pricing. We use quoted prices in active 
markets, where available, and classify such instruments within 
Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Examples include exchange-
traded equity securities and some highly liquid government 
securities, such as U.S. Treasuries. When instruments are traded 
in secondary markets and quoted market prices do not exist for 
such securities, we generally rely on internal valuation 
 
techniques or on prices obtained from vendors (predominantly 
third-party pricing services), and accordingly, we classify these 
instruments as Level 2 or 3. 

Trading securities are valued using internal trader prices 

that are subject to price verification procedures. The fair values 
derived using internal valuation techniques are verified against 
multiple pricing sources, including prices obtained from third-
party vendors. Vendors compile prices from various sources and 
often apply matrix pricing for similar securities when no price is 
observable. We review pricing methodologies provided by the 
vendors in order to determine if observable market information 
is being used versus unobservable inputs. When evaluating the 
appropriateness of an internal trader price compared with 
vendor prices, considerations include the range and quality of 
vendor prices. Vendor prices are used to ensure the 
reasonableness of a trader price; however, valuing financial 
instruments involves judgments acquired from knowledge of a 
particular market. If a trader asserts that a vendor price is not 
reflective of market value, justification for using the trader price, 
including recent sales activity where possible, must be provided 
to and approved by the appropriate levels of management. 

Similarly, while investment securities traded in secondary 
markets are typically valued using unadjusted vendor prices or 
vendor prices adjusted by weighting them with internal 
discounted cash flow techniques, these prices are reviewed and, 
if deemed inappropriate by a trader who has the most knowledge 
of a particular market, can be adjusted. These investment 
securities, which include those measured using unadjusted 
vendor prices, are generally classified as Level 2 and typically 
involve using quoted market prices for the same or similar 
securities, pricing models, discounted cash flow analyses using 
significant inputs observable in the market where available or a 
combination of multiple valuation techniques. Examples include 
certain residential and commercial MBS, other asset-backed 
securities municipal bonds, U.S. government and agency MBS, 
and corporate debt securities. 

Security fair value measurements using significant inputs 
that are unobservable in the market due to limited activity or a 
less liquid market are classified as Level 3 in the fair value 

226 

Wells Fargo & Company 

hierarchy. Such measurements include securities valued using 
internal models or a combination of multiple valuation 
techniques where the unobservable inputs are significant to the 
overall fair value measurement. Securities classified as Level 3 
include certain residential and commercial MBS, other asset-
backed securities, CDOs and certain CLOs, and certain residual 
and retained interests in residential mortgage loan 
securitizations. We value CDOs using the prices of similar 
instruments, the pricing of completed or pending third-party 
transactions or the pricing of the underlying collateral within the 
CDO. Where vendor prices are not readily available, we use 
management’s best estimate. 

MORTGAGES HELD FOR SALE (MHFS)  MHFS are carried at 
LOCOM or at fair value. We carry substantially all of our 
residential MHFS portfolio at fair value. Fair value is based on 
quoted market prices, where available, or the prices for other 
mortgage whole loans with similar characteristics. As necessary, 
these prices are adjusted for typical securitization activities, 
including servicing value, portfolio composition, market 
conditions and liquidity. Predominantly all of our MHFS are 
classified as Level 2. For the portion where market pricing data 
is not available, we use a discounted cash flow model to estimate 
fair value and, accordingly, classify as Level 3. 

 

LOANS HELD FOR SALE (LHFS)  LHFS are carried at LOCOM 
or at fair value. The fair value of LHFS is based on current 
offerings in secondary markets for loans with similar 
characteristics. As such, we classify those loans subjected to 
nonrecurring fair value adjustments as Level 2. 

 

LOANS  For information on how we report the carrying value of 
loans, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
Although most loans are not recorded at fair value on a recurring 
basis, reverse mortgages are recorded at fair value on a recurring 
basis. In addition, we record nonrecurring fair value adjustments 
to loans to reflect partial write-downs that are based on the 
observable market price of the loan or current appraised value of 
the collateral. 

We provide fair value estimates in this disclosure for loans 

that are not recorded at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring 
basis. Those estimates differentiate loans based on their 
financial characteristics, such as product classification, loan 
category, pricing features and remaining maturity. Prepayment 
and credit loss estimates are evaluated by product and loan rate. 

The fair value of commercial loans is calculated by 

discounting contractual cash flows, adjusted for credit loss 
estimates, using discount rates that are appropriate for loans 
with similar characteristics and remaining maturity. For real 
estate 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages, we calculate fair 
value by discounting contractual cash flows, adjusted for 
prepayment and credit loss estimates, using discount rates based 
on current industry pricing (where readily available) or our own 
estimate of an appropriate discount rate for loans of similar size, 
type, remaining maturity and repricing characteristics. 

The estimated fair value of consumer loans is generally 

calculated by discounting the contractual cash flows, adjusted for 
prepayment and credit loss estimates, based on the current rates 
we offer for loans with similar characteristics. 

Loan commitments, standby letters of credit and 

commercial and similar letters of credit generate ongoing fees at 
our current pricing levels, which are recognized over the term of 
the commitment period. In situations where the credit quality of 
the counterparty to a commitment has declined, we record an 
allowance. A reasonable estimate of the fair value of these 

instruments is the carrying value of deferred fees plus the 
allowance for unfunded credit commitments. 

 

DERIVATIVES  Quoted market prices are available and used for 
our exchange-traded derivatives, such as certain interest rate 
futures and option contracts, which we classify as Level 1. 
However, substantially all of our derivatives are traded in over-
the-counter (OTC) markets where quoted market prices are not 
always readily available. Therefore we value most OTC 
derivatives using internal valuation techniques. Valuation 
techniques and inputs to internally-developed models depend on 
the type of derivative and nature of the underlying rate, price or 
index upon which the derivative’s value is based. Key inputs can 
include yield curves, credit curves, foreign exchange rates, 
prepayment rates, volatility measurements and correlation of 
such inputs. Where model inputs can be observed in a liquid 
market and the model does not require significant judgment, 
such derivatives are typically classified as Level 2 of the fair 
value hierarchy. Examples of derivatives classified as Level 2 
include generic interest rate swaps, foreign currency swaps, 
commodity swaps, and certain option and forward contracts. 
When instruments are traded in less liquid markets and 
significant inputs are unobservable, such derivatives are 
classified as Level 3. Examples of derivatives classified as Level 3 
include complex and highly structured derivatives, certain credit 
default swaps, interest rate lock commitments written for our 
mortgage loans that we intend to sell and long-dated equity 
options where volatility is not observable. Additionally, 
significant judgments are required when classifying financial 
instruments within the fair value hierarchy, particularly between 
Level 2 and 3, as is the case for certain derivatives. 

 

MSRs AND CERTAIN OTHER INTERESTS HELD IN 
SECURITIZATIONS  MSRs and certain other interests held in 
securitizations (e.g., interest-only strips) do not trade in an 
active market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, we 
determine the fair value of MSRs using a valuation model that 
calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing 
income cash flows. The model incorporates assumptions that 
market participants use in estimating future net servicing 
income cash flows, including estimates of prepayment speeds 
(including housing price volatility), discount rates, default rates, 
cost to service (including delinquency and foreclosure costs), 
escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, 
ancillary income and late fees. Commercial MSRs are carried at 
LOCOM and, therefore, can be subject to fair value 
measurements on a nonrecurring basis. Changes in the fair value 
of MSRs occur primarily due to the collection/realization of 
expected cash flows as well as changes in valuation inputs and 
assumptions. For other interests held in securitizations (such as 
interest-only strips), we use a valuation model that calculates the 
present value of estimated future cash flows. The model 
incorporates our own estimates of assumptions market 
participants use in determining the fair value, including 
estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rates, defaults and 
contractual fee income. Interest-only strips are recorded as 
trading assets. Our valuation approach is validated by our 
internal valuation model validation group. Fair value 
measurements of our MSRs and interest-only strips use 
significant unobservable inputs and, accordingly, we classify 
them as Level 3. 

FORECLOSED ASSETS  Foreclosed assets are carried at net 
realizable value, which represents fair value less costs to sell. 
Fair value is generally based upon independent market prices or 

Wells Fargo & Company 

227 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

appraised values of the collateral and, accordingly, we classify 
foreclosed assets as Level 2. 

 

NONMARKETABLE EQUITY INVESTMENTS  For certain 
equity securities that are not publicly traded, we have elected the 
fair value option, and we use a market comparable pricing 
technique to estimate their fair value. The remaining 
nonmarketable equity investments include low income housing 
tax credit investments, Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home 
Loan Bank (FHLB) stock, and private equity investments that 
are recorded under the cost or equity method of accounting. We 
estimate fair value to record OTTI write-downs on a 
nonrecurring basis. Additionally, we provide fair value estimates 
in this disclosure for cost method investments that are not 
measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. 

Federal Bank stock carrying values approximate fair value. 
Of the remaining cost or equity method investments for which 
we determine fair value, we estimate the fair value using all 
available information and consider the range of potential inputs 
including discounted cash flow models, transaction prices, 
trading multiples of comparable public companies, and entry 
level multiples. Where appropriate these metrics are adjusted to 
account for comparative differences with public companies and 
for company-specific issues like liquidity or marketability. For 
investments in private equity funds, we generally use the NAV 
provided by the fund sponsor as a practical expedient to measure 
fair value. In some cases, NAVs may require adjustments based 
 
on certain unobservable inputs. 

Liabilities 
DEPOSIT LIABILITIES  Deposit liabilities are carried at 
historical cost. The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, 
such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing 
checking, and market rate and other savings, is equal to the 
amount payable on demand at the measurement date. The fair 
value of other time deposits is calculated based on the 
discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is 
estimated using the rates currently offered for like wholesale 
deposits with similar remaining maturities. 
 
SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL LIABILITIES  Short-term financial 
liabilities are carried at historical cost and include federal funds 
purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements, 
commercial paper and other short-term borrowings. The 
carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of 
the relatively short time between the origination of the 
instrument and its expected realization. 

 

OTHER LIABILITIES  Other liabilities recorded at fair value on 
a recurring basis predominantly include short sale liabilities. 
Short sale liabilities are predominantly classified as either Level 
1 or Level 2, generally depending upon whether the underlying 
securities have readily obtainable quoted prices in active 
exchange markets. 

 

LONG-TERM DEBT  Long-term debt is generally carried at 
amortized cost. For disclosure, we are required to estimate the 
fair value of long-term debt and generally do so using the 
discounted cash flow method. Contractual cash flows are 
discounted using rates currently offered for new notes with 
similar remaining maturities and, as such, these discount rates 
include our current spread levels. 

Level 3 Asset and Liability Valuation Processes 
We generally determine fair value of our Level 3 assets and 
liabilities by using internally-developed models and, to a lesser 
extent, prices obtained from vendors, which predominantly 
consist of third-party pricing services. Our valuation processes 
vary depending on which approach is utilized. 
 
INTERNAL MODEL VALUATIONS  Our internally-developed 
models largely use discounted cash flow techniques. Use of such 
techniques requires determining relevant inputs, some of which 
are unobservable. Unobservable inputs are generally derived 
from historic performance of similar assets or determined from 
previous market trades in similar instruments. These 
unobservable inputs usually consist of discount rates, default 
rates, loss severity upon default, volatilities, correlations and 
prepayment rates, which are inherent within our Level 3 
instruments. Such inputs can be correlated to similar portfolios 
with known historic experience or recent trades where particular 
unobservable inputs may be implied, but due to the nature of 
various inputs being reflected within a particular trade, the value 
of each input is considered unobservable. We attempt to 
correlate each unobservable input to historic experience and 
other third-party data where available. 

Internal valuation models are subject to review prescribed 

within our model risk management policies and procedures, 
which include model validation. The purpose of model validation 
includes ensuring the model is appropriate for its intended use 
and the appropriate controls exist to help mitigate risk of invalid 
valuations. Model validation assesses the adequacy and 
appropriateness of the model, including reviewing its key 
components, such as inputs, processing components, logic or 
theory, output results and supporting model documentation. 
Validation also includes ensuring significant unobservable 
model inputs are appropriate given observable market 
transactions or other market data within the same or similar 
asset classes. This process ensures modeled approaches are 
appropriate given similar product valuation techniques and are 
in line with their intended purpose. 

We have ongoing monitoring procedures in place for our 
Level 3 assets and liabilities that use such internal valuation 
models. These procedures, which are designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that models continue to perform as 
expected after approved, include: 
• 

ongoing analysis and benchmarking to market transactions 
and other independent market data (including pricing 
vendors, if available); 
back-testing of modeled fair values to actual realized 
transactions; and 
review of modeled valuation results against expectations, 
including review of significant or unusual value fluctuations. 

• 

• 

We update model inputs and methodologies periodically to 

reflect these monitoring procedures. Additionally, procedures 
and controls are in place to ensure existing models are subject to 
periodic reviews, and we perform full model revalidations as 
necessary. 

All internal valuation models are subject to ongoing review 
by business-unit-level management, and all models are subject 
to additional oversight by a corporate-level risk management 
department. Corporate oversight responsibilities include 
evaluating the adequacy of business unit risk management 
programs, maintaining company-wide model validation policies 
and standards and reporting the results of these activities to 
management and our Corporate Model Risk Committee. This 
committee consists of senior executive management and reports 

228 

Wells Fargo & Company 

on top model risk issues to the Company’s Risk Committee of the 
Board. 

VENDOR-DEVELOPED VALUATIONS  In certain limited 
circumstances, we obtain pricing from third-party vendors for 
the value of our Level 3 assets or liabilities. We have processes in 
place to approve such vendors to ensure information obtained 
and valuation techniques used are appropriate. Once these 
vendors are approved to provide pricing information, we 
monitor and review the results to ensure the fair values are 
reasonable and in line with market experience in similar asset 
classes. While the input amounts used by the pricing vendor in 
determining fair value are not provided, and therefore 
unavailable for our review, we do perform one or more of the 
following procedures to validate the prices received: 
• 
• 
• 

comparison to other pricing vendors (if available); 
variance analysis of prices; 
corroboration of pricing by reference to other independent 
market data, such as market transactions and relevant 
benchmark indices; 
review of pricing by Company personnel familiar with 
market liquidity and other market-related conditions; and 
investigation of prices on a specific instrument-by-
instrument basis. 

• 

• 

Fair Value Measurements from Vendors 
For certain assets and liabilities, we obtain fair value 
measurements from vendors, which predominantly consist of 
third-party pricing services, and record the unadjusted fair value 
in our financial statements. For instruments where we utilize 
vendor prices to record the price of an instrument, we perform 
additional procedures (see the “Vendor-Developed Valuations” 
section). Methodologies employed, controls relied upon and 
inputs used by third-party pricing vendors are subject to 
additional review when such services are provided. This review 
may consist of, in part, obtaining and evaluating control reports 
issued and pricing methodology materials distributed. 

Table 17.1 presents unadjusted fair value measurements 

provided by brokers or third-party pricing services by fair value 
hierarchy level . Fair value measurements obtained from brokers 
or third-party pricing services that we have adjusted to 
determine the fair value recorded in our financial statements are 
excluded from Table 17.1. 

 
Table 17.1:  Fair Value Measurements by Brokers or Third-Party Pricing Services 

  

Level 1 

Level 2 

Brokers 

Level 3 

Third-party pricing services 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

$ 

$ 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities (1) 

Total debt securities 
Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Derivative assets 
Derivative liabilities 
Other liabilities (2) 

December 31, 2016 
Trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities (1) 

Total debt securities 
Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Derivative assets 
Derivative liabilities 
Other liabilities (2) 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
33 
307 
340 
— 

340 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
171 
450 

621 
— 

621 

— 
— 
— 

— 

926 

215 

— 
— 
— 
1,158 
1,158 
— 

1,158 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
968 

968 
— 

968 

— 
— 
— 

3,389 
— 
— 
— 
3,389 
— 

3,389 

19 
(19) 
— 

899 

22,870 
— 
— 
— 

22,870 
— 

22,870 

22 
(109) 
— 

2,930 
50,401 
168,948 
44,465 
266,744 
227 

266,971 

— 
— 
— 

60 

2,949 
49,837 
176,923 
49,162 

278,871 
358 

279,229 

— 
(1) 
— 

(1) 
(2) 

Includes corporate debt securities, collateralized loan and other debt obligations, asset-backed securities, and other debt securities. 
Includes short sale liabilities and other liabilities. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

— 

— 
49 
75 
22 
146 
— 

146 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
208 
92 
54 

354 
— 

354 

— 
— 
— 

229 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a 
Recurring Basis 

Table 17.2 presents the balances of assets and liabilities recorded 
at fair value on a recurring basis. 

 
Table 17.2:  Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

  

(in millions) 
December 31, 2017 
Trading assets 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Collateralized loan obligations 
  
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities (1) 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations (2) 
Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Other debt securities 

Total debt securities 
Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) 
Derivative assets: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 

Netting 

Total derivative assets 

Other assets – excluding nonmarketable equity investments at NAV 

 Total assets included in the fair value hierarchy 

Other assets – nonmarketable equity investments at NAV (5) 

Total assets recorded at fair value 

Derivative liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Netting 

Total derivative liabilities 

Short sale liabilities: 

$ 

$ 

$ 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Corporate debt securities 
Equity securities 
Other securities 

Total short sale liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities recorded at fair value 

$ 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Netting 

Total 

12,491 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
33,480 
45,971 
— 
45,971 
3,389 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
56 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
3,445 

131 
320 
451 
3,896 
— 
— 
— 

17 
— 
1,698 
19 
— 
— 
1,734 
— 
51,601 

(17) 
— 
(1,313) 
(19) 
— 
— 
— 
(1,349) 

(10,420) 
— 
(2,168) 
— 
(12,588) 
— 
(13,937) 

2,383 
3,732 
565 
11,760 
25,273 
993 
210 
44,916 
1,021 
45,937 
2,930 
50,401 

160,219 
4,607 
4,490 
169,316 
7,203 
35,036 

553 
149 
4,380 
5,082 
— 
269,968 

227 
— 
227 
270,195 
15,118 
— 
— 

17,479 
2,318 
3,970 
8,944 
269 
— 
32,980 
46 
364,276 

(15,392) 
(1,318) 
(5,338) 
(8,546) 
(336) 
— 
— 
(30,930) 

(568) 
(4,986) 
(45) 
(285) 
(5,884) 
— 
(36,814) 

— 
3 
354 
31 
— 
— 
— 
388 
33 
421 
— 
925 

— 
1 
75 
76 
407 
1,020 

— 
— 
566 
566 
— 

2,994  (3) 

— 
— 
— 
2,994 
998 
376 
13,625 

134 
36 
1,339 
10 
122 
— 
1,641 
4,821 
24,876 

(63) 
(17) 
(1,850) 
(3) 
(86) 
— 
— 
(2,019) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(3) 
(2,022) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

(24,127)  (4) 
(24,127) 
— 
(24,127) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

25,502  (4) 
25,502 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
25,502 

14,874 
3,735 
919 
11,791 
25,273 
993 
33,690 
91,275 
1,054 
92,329 
6,319 
51,326 

160,219 
4,608 
4,565 
169,392 
7,666 
36,056 

553 
149 
4,946 
5,648 
— 
276,407 

358 
320 
678 
277,085 
16,116 
376 
13,625 

17,630 
2,354 
7,007 
8,973 
391 
(24,127) 
12,228 
4,867
416,626 
— 
416,626 

(15,472) 
(1,335) 
(8,501) 
(8,568) 
(422) 
— 
25,502 
(8,796) 

(10,988) 
(4,986) 
(2,213) 
(285) 
(18,472) 
(3) 
(27,271) 

(1)  Net gains from trading activities recognized in the income statement for the year ended December 31, 2017, include $2.1 billion in net unrealized gains on trading 

securities held at December 31, 2017. 
Includes collateralized debt obligations of $1.0 billion. 

(2) 
(3)  Balance primarily consists of securities that are investment grade based on ratings received from the ratings agencies or internal credit grades categorized as investment 

grade if external ratings are not available. The securities are classified as Level 3 due to limited market activity. 

(4)  Represents balance sheet netting of derivative asset and liability balances and related cash collateral. See Note 16 (Derivatives) for additional information. 
(5)  Consists of certain nonmarketable equity investments that are measured at fair value using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are excluded 

from the fair value hierarchy. 

(continued on following page) 

230 

Wells Fargo & Company 

(continued from previous page) 

(in millions) 
December 31, 2016 
Trading assets 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities (1) 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations (3) 
Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Other debt securities 

Total debt securities 
Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) 
Derivative assets: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 

Netting 

Total derivative assets 

Other assets – excluding nonmarketable equity investments at NAV 

Total assets included in the fair value hierarchy 

Other assets – nonmarketable equity investments at NAV (5) 

Total assets recorded at fair value 

Derivative liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Netting 

Total derivative liabilities 

Short sale liabilities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Corporate debt securities 
Equity securities 
Other securities 

Total short sale liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities recorded at fair value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Netting 

Total 

$ 

  

$ 

  
$ 

  

$ 

14,950 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
20,462 
35,412 
— 
35,412 
22,870 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
58 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
22,928 

112 
741 
853 
23,781 
— 
— 
— 

44 
— 
1,314 
22 
— 
— 
1,380 
— 
60,573 

(45) 
— 
(919) 
(109) 
— 
— 
— 
(1,073) 

(9,722) 
— 
(1,795) 
— 
(11,517) 
— 
(12,590) 

  

  

2,710 
2,910 
501 
9,481 
20,254 
1,128 
290 
37,274 
1,337 
38,611 
2,949 
49,961 

161,230 
7,815 
8,411 
177,456 
10,967 
34,141 

9 
327 
4,909 
5,245 
1 
280,720 

357 
1 
358 
281,078 
21,057 
— 
— 

64,986 
3,020 
2,997 
10,843 
280 
— 
82,126 
16 
422,888 

(65,047) 
(2,537) 
(3,879) 
(12,616) 
(332) 
— 
— 
(84,411) 

(701) 
(4,063) 
— 
(98) 
(4,862) 
— 
(89,273) 

  

  

  

— 
3 
309 
34 
— 
— 
— 
346 
28 
374 
— 

  
  
  
  

1,140  (2) 

— 
1 
91 
92 
432 
879  (2) 

  
  
  

— 
— 

962  (2) 
962 
— 
3,505 

  
  
  

  

— 
— 
— 
3,505 
985 
758 
12,959 

238 
37 
1,047 
29 
272 
— 
1,623 
3,259 
23,463 

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  

  

(117) 
(14) 
(1,314) 
(17) 
(195) 
(47) 
— 
(1,704) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(4) 
(1,708) 

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

(70,631)  (4) 
(70,631) 
— 
(70,631) 

  
  

  
  

  
(4) 
  
  

  
  
  
  

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
72,696 
72,696 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
72,696 

17,660 
2,913 
810 
9,515 
20,254 
1,128 
20,752 
73,032 
1,365 
74,397 
25,819 
51,101 

161,230 
7,816 
8,502 
177,548 
11,457 
35,020 

9 
327 
5,871 
6,207 
1 
307,153 

469 
742 
1,211 
308,364 
22,042 
758 
12,959 

65,268 
3,057 
5,358 
10,894 
552 
(70,631) 
14,498 
3,275 
436,293 
— 
436,293 

(65,209) 
(2,551) 
(6,112) 
(12,742) 
(527) 
(47) 
72,696 
(14,492) 

(10,423) 
(4,063) 
(1,795) 
(98) 
(16,379) 
(4) 
(30,875) 

(1)  Net gains from trading activities recognized in the income statement for the year ended December 31, 2016, include $820 million in net unrealized gains on trading 

securities held at December 31, 2016. 

(2)  Balances consist of securities that are mostly investment grade based on ratings received from the ratings agencies or internal credit grades categorized as investment 

grade if external ratings are not available. The securities are classified as Level 3 due to limited market activity. 
Includes collateralized debt obligations of $847 million. 

(3) 
(4)  Represents balance sheet netting of derivative asset and liability balances and related cash collateral. See Note 16 (Derivatives) for additional information. 
(5)  Consists of certain nonmarketable equity investments that are measured at fair value using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are excluded 

from the fair value hierarchy. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

231 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Changes in Fair Value Levels 
We monitor the availability of observable market data to assess 
the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the 
fair value hierarchy and transfer between Level 1, Level 2, and 
Level 3 accordingly. Observable market data includes but is not 
limited to quoted prices and market transactions. Changes in 
economic conditions or market liquidity generally will drive 
changes in availability of observable market data. Changes in 

availability of observable market data, which also may result in 
changing the valuation technique used, are generally the cause of 
transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. 

Transfers into and out of Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 are 

provided within Table 17.3 for the periods presented. The 
amounts reported as transfers represent the fair value as of the 
beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred. 
 

 
Table 17.3:  Transfers Between Fair Value Levels 

  

(in millions) 

In 

Out 

In 

Out 

In 

Out 

Total 

Transfers Between Fair Value Levels 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 (1) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 
Trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities 
Mortgages held for sale 
Other assets 
Net derivative assets and liabilities (2) 
Short sale liabilities 

Total transfers 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities 
Mortgages held for sale 
Other assets 
Net derivative assets and liabilities (2) 
Short sale liabilities 

Total transfers 

Year ended December 31, 2015 
Trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities (3) 
Mortgages held for sale 
Other assets 
Net derivative assets and liabilities (2) 
Short sale liabilities 

Total transfers 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

55 
— 
— 
—
— 
(1) 

54 

15 
— 
— 
—
— 
(1) 

14 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

(48) 
— 
— 
—
— 
1 

(47) 

(9) 
— 
— 
—
— 
1 

(8) 

22 
1,334 
10 
— 
(43) 
— 

1,323 

61 
481 
17 
—

(51) 
(1) 

507 

103 
76 
471 
—
48 
(1) 

697 

(40) 
(5) 
(134) 
(1) 
51 
— 

(129) 

(56) 
(80) 
(98) 

—

(41) 
1 

40 
5 
134 
1 
(51) 
— 

129 

1 
80 
98 
—
41 
— 

(22) 
(1,334) 
(10) 
— 
43 
— 

(1,323) 

(13) 
(481) 
(17) 

—
51 
— 

(274) 

220 

(460) 

(28) 
(8) 
(194) 

—
15 
1 

(214) 

13 
8 
194 
—

(15) 
— 

200 

(94) 
(76) 
(471) 

—

(48) 
— 

(689) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

Includes transfers of net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities between levels due to changes in observable market data. 

(1)  All transfers in and out of Level 3 are disclosed within the recurring Level 3 rollforward tables in this Note. 
(2) 
(3)  Transfers out of Level 3 exclude $640 million in auction rate perpetual preferred equity securities that were transferred in second quarter 2015 from available-for-sale 
securities to nonmarketable equity investments in other assets. See Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets) for additional information. 

232 

Wells Fargo & Company 

The changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2017, 

are presented in Table 17.4. 

 
Table 17.4:  Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Assets and Liabilities on a Recurring Basis –  2017 

  

Total net gains 
(losses) included in 

Balance, 
beginning 
of period 

Net 
income 

Other 
compre-
hensive 
income 

Purchases, 
sales, 
issuances 
and 
settlements, 
net (1) 

Transfers 
into 
Level 3 

Transfers 
out of 
Level 3 

Balance, 
end of 
period 

Net unrealized 
gains (losses) 
included in 
income related 
to assets and 
liabilities held 
at period end  (2) 

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Collateralized loan and other 

debt obligations 

Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

$ 

3 
309 
34 
— 
— 
— 
346 

28 

374 

1,140 

1 
91 
92 

432 

879 

— 
— 
962 
962 

Total debt securities 

3,505 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable 

equity securities 

Total available-for-sale 

securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (7) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 
Other liabilities 

— 
— 

— 

3,505 

985 
758 
12,959 

121 
23 
(267) 
12 
77 
(47) 
(81) 

3,259 
— 
(4) 

— 
3 
2 
— 
— 
— 
5 

(8) 

(3) 

4 

— 
(4) 
(4) 

(1) 

22 

— 
— 
1 
1 

22 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

5 

— 
— 
— 

23 

103 

— 
— 
3 
3 

134 

— 
— 

— 

22 

134 

(36) 
(6) 
(2,115) 

604 
(17) 
(199) 
(5) 
24 
27 
434 

1,563 
— 
1 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

— 
42 
(7) 
— 
— 
— 
35 

(3) 

32 

1,105 

— 
(12) 
(12) 

(47) 

16 

— 
— 
(400) 
(400) 

662 

— 
— 

— 

662 

(75) 
(376) 
2,781 

(654) 
13 
(37) 
— 
(65) 
20 
(723) 

(2) 
— 
— 

— 
— 
6 
— 
— 
— 
6 

34 

40 

5 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

5 

— 
— 

— 

5 

134 
— 
— 

— 
2 
(53) 
— 
— 
— 
(51) 

1 
— 
— 

— 
— 
(4) 
— 
— 
— 
(4) 

(18) 

(22) 

3 
354 
31 
— 
— 
— 
388 

33 

421 

(1,334) 

925 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

1 
75 
76 

407 

1,020 

— 
— 
566 
566 

— 
(13) 
2 
— 
— 
— 
(11) 

(4) 

(15)  (3) 

— 

— 
(11) 
(11) 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

(1,334) 

2,994 

(11)  (4) 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

— 

(1,334) 

2,994 

(10) 
— 
— 

998 
376 
13,625 

— 
(2) 
45 
— 
— 
— 
43 

— 
— 
— 

71 
19 
(511) 
7 
36 
— 
(378) 

4,821 
— 
(3) 

— 
— 

—  (5) 

(11) 

(34)  (6) 
(12)  (6) 
(126)  (6) 

(52) 
15 
(259) 
6 
(62) 
— 

(352)  (8) 

1,569  (5) 
—  (3) 
—  (6) 

(1)  See Table 17.5 for detail. 
(2)  Represents only net gains (losses) that are due to changes in economic conditions and management’s estimates of fair value and excludes changes due to the collection/ 

realization of cash flows over time. 
Included in net gains (losses) from trading activities and other noninterest income in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from debt securities in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from equity investments in the income statement. 
Included in mortgage banking and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 
(8) 

Included in mortgage banking, trading activities, equity investments and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(continued on following page) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

233 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 
 

Table 17.5 presents gross purchases, sales, issuances and settlements related to the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities 

measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

Table 17.5:  Gross Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements – Level 3 – 2017 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (1) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 
Other liabilities 

Purchases 

Sales 

Issuances 

Settlements 

Net 

$ 

37 
439 
25 
— 
— 
— 
501 

— 

501 

— 

— 
— 
— 

14 
135 

— 
— 
— 
— 

149 

— 
— 
— 

149 

79 
6 
541 

— 
— 
— 
— 
6 
— 
6 

— 
3 
— 

(36) 
(250) 
(32) 
— 
— 
— 
(318) 

(2) 

(320) 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

(1) 
(147) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(148) 

(1) 

(149) 

— 
42 
(7) 
— 
— 
— 
35 

(3) 

32 

(68) 

1,369 

(196) 

1,105 

— 
— 
— 

(4) 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

— 
— 
211 
211 

(72) 

1,580 

— 
— 
— 

(72) 

(485) 
(129) 
(24) 

— 
— 
(118) 
— 
(3) 
— 
(121) 

(2) 
(3) 
— 

— 
— 
— 

1,580 

489 
19 
2,263 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

— 
(12) 
(12) 

(57) 
(119) 

— 
— 
(611) 
(611) 

(995) 

— 
— 
— 

(995) 

(158) 
(272) 
1 

(654) 
13 
81 
— 
(68) 
20 
(608) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
(12) 
(12) 

(47) 
16 

— 
— 
(400) 
(400) 

662 

— 
— 
— 

662 

(75) 
(376) 
2,781 

(654) 
13 
(37) 
— 
(65) 
20 
(723) 

(2) 
— 
— 

(1)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 

234 

Wells Fargo & Company 

The changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2016, 

are presented in Table 17.6. 

Table 17.6:  Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Assets and Liabilities on a Recurring Basis – 2016 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Collateralized loan and other 

debt obligations 

Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale 

securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (7) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total net gains 
(losses) included in 

Balance, 
beginning 
of period 

Net 
income 

Other 
compre-
hensive 
income 

Purchases, 
sales, 
issuances 
and 
settlements, 
net (1) 

Transfers 
into 
Level 3 

Transfers 
out of 
Level 3 

Balance, 
end of 
period 

Net unrealized 
gains (losses) 
included in 
income related 
to assets and 
liabilities held 
at period end  (2) 

$ 

8 
343 
56 
— 
— 
— 
407 

34 

441 

1,500 

1 
73 
74 

405 

565 

— 
— 
1,182 
1,182 

3,726 

— 
— 
— 

3,726 

1,082 
5,316 
12,415 

288 
12 
(111) 
— 
(3) 
(58) 
128 

3,065 
— 

(30) 

— 
(38) 
(7) 
— 
— 
— 
(45) 

(6) 

(51) 

6 

— 
— 
— 

21 

50 

— 
— 
2 
2 

79 

— 
— 
— 

79 

(19) 
(59) 
(1,595) 

843 
10 
(80) 
(3) 
31 
11 
812 

(30) 
— 

1 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

(25) 

— 
1 
1 

35 

(1) 

— 
— 
(8) 
(8) 

2 

— 
— 
— 

2 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

— 

(5) 
15 
(13) 
— 
— 
(1) 
(4) 

— 

(4) 

60 

— 
17 
17 

(29) 

265 

— 
— 
(214) 
(214) 

99 

— 
— 
— 

99 

(159) 
(4,499) 
2,139 

(1,003) 
(2) 
(156) 
(1) 
49 
— 
(1,113) 

224 
— 

25 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1 
1 

— 

1 

— 
(11) 
(2) 
— 
— 
— 
(13) 

— 

(13) 

3 
309 
34 
— 
— 
— 
346 

28 

374 

80 

(481) 

1,140 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

80 

— 
— 
— 

80 

98 
— 
— 

— 
4 
21 
16 
— 
— 
41 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

1 
91 
92 

432 

879 

— 
— 
962 
962 

(481) 

3,505 

— 
— 
— 

(481) 

(17) 
— 
— 

(7) 
(1) 
59 
— 
— 
— 
51 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

3,505 

985 
758 
12,959 

121 
23 
(267) 
12 
77 
(47) 
(81) 

3,259 
— 

(4) 

— 
(42) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(42) 

1 

(41)  (3) 

— 

— 
(1) 
(1) 

(2) 

— 

— 
— 
(4) 
(4) 

(7)  (4) 

— 
— 
—  (5) 

(7) 

(24)  (6) 
(24)  (6) 
565  (6) 

170 
11 
(176) 
(4) 
26 
11 
38  (8) 

(30)  (5) 
—  (3) 
—  (6) 

(1)  See Table 17.7 for detail. 
(2)  Represents only net gains (losses) that are due to changes in economic conditions and management’s estimates of fair value and excludes changes due to the collection/ 

realization of cash flows over time. 
Included in net gains (losses) from trading activities and other noninterest income in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from debt securities in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from equity investments in the income statement. 
Included in mortgage banking and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 
(8) 

Included in mortgage banking, trading activities, equity investments and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(continued on following page) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

235 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 
 

Table 17.7 presents gross purchases, sales, issuances and settlements related to the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities 

measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

Table 17.7:  Gross Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements – Level 3 – 2016 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (1) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 
Other liabilities 

Purchases 

Sales 

Issuances 

Settlements 

Net 

$ 

2 
372 
37 
— 
— 
— 
411 

— 

411 

28 

— 
22 
22 

36 
618 

— 
— 
50 
50 

754 

— 
— 
— 

754 

87 
21 
— 

— 
— 
29 
— 
7 
— 
36 

225 
— 
— 

(2) 
(357) 
(50) 
— 
— 
(1) 
(410) 

— 

(410) 

(24) 

— 
— 
— 

(12) 
(54) 

— 
— 
(28) 
(28) 

(118) 

— 
— 
— 

(118) 

(618) 
(3,791) 
(66) 

— 
— 
(147) 
— 
(4) 
— 
(151) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

(5) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(5) 

— 

(5) 

547 

(491) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

— 
— 
235 
235 

782 

— 
— 
— 

782 

565 
302 
2,204 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

— 
(5) 
(5) 

(53) 
(299) 

— 
— 
(471) 
(471) 

(1,319) 

— 
— 
— 

(1,319) 

(193) 
(1,031) 
1 

(1,003) 
(2) 
(38) 
(1) 
46 
— 
(998) 

(1) 
— 
25 

(5) 
15 
(13) 
— 
— 
(1) 
(4) 

— 

(4) 

60 

— 
17 
17 

(29) 
265 

— 
— 
(214) 
(214) 

99 

— 
— 
— 

99 

(159) 
(4,499) 
2,139 

(1,003) 
(2) 
(156) 
(1) 
49 
— 
(1,113) 

224 
— 
25 

(1)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 

236 

Wells Fargo & Company 

The changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2015 
 

are presented in Table 17.8. 

Table 17.8:  Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Assets and Liabilities on a Recurring Basis – 2015 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2015 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions 

Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Collateralized loan and other 

debt obligations 

Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (7) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 
Other liabilities 

Total net gains 
(losses) included in 

Balance, 
beginning 
of period 

Net 
income 

Other 
compre-
hensive 
income 

Purchases, 
sales, 
issuances 
and 
settlements, 
net (1) 

Transfers 
into 
Level 3 

Transfers 
out of 
Level 3 

Balance, 
end of 
period 

Net unrealized 
gains (losses) 
included in 
income related 
to assets and 
liabilities held 
at period end  (2) 

$ 

7 
445 
54 
— 
79 
10 
595 

55 
650 

2,277 

24 
109 
133 

252 

— 
8 
2 
1 
16 
1 
28 

3 
31 

6 

5 
12 
17 

12 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

(16) 

(6) 
(18) 
(24) 

(46) 

1 
(110) 
— 
(1) 
(14) 
(11) 
(135) 

(24) 
(159) 

(691) 

(22) 
(30) 
(52) 

179 

1,087 

218 

(169) 

(571) 

245 
— 
1,372 
1,617 

5,366 

663 
— 
663 
6,029 
2,313 
5,788 
12,738 

293 
1 
(84) 
— 
(189) 
(44) 
(23) 

2,512 
(6) 
(28) 

— 
— 
2 
2 

19 
— 
(13) 
6 

(264) 
— 
(179) 
(443) 

255 

(249) 

(1,578) 

3 
— 
3 
258 
23 
(128) 
(1,870) 

1,132 
7 
116 
— 
19 
(15) 
1,259 

456 
— 
(13) 

(2) 
— 
(2) 
(251) 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

(24) 
— 
(24) 
(1,602) 
(977) 
(344) 
1,547 

(1,137) 
6 
(82) 
— 
167 
1 
(1,045) 

97 
6 
11 

— 
— 
12 
— 
— 

12 

1 
13 

— 

— 
— 
— 

8 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

8 

— 
— 
— 
8 
194 
— 
— 

— 
(2) 
(13) 
— 
— 
— 
(15) 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
(12) 
— 
(81) 
— 
(93) 

(1) 
(94) 

8 
343 
56 
— 
— 
— 
407 

34 
441 

(76) 

1,500 

— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

— 
— 
— 
— 

(76) 

(640) 
— 
(640) 
(716) 
(471) 
— 
— 

— 
— 
(48) 
— 
— 
— 
(48) 
— 
— 
— 

1 
73 
74 

405 

565 

— 
— 
1,182 
1,182 

3,726 

— 
— 
— 
3,726 
1,082 
5,316 
12,415 

288 
12 
(111) 
— 
(3) 
(58) 
128 

3,065 
— 
(30) 

— 
(28) 
(2) 
1 
— 
— 
(29) 

(14) 
(43)  (3) 

(5) 

— 
(2) 
(2) 

(32) 

— 

— 
— 
(1) 
(1) 

(40)  (4) 

— 
— 
—  (5) 

(40) 
(23)  (6) 
(117)  (6) 
214  (6) 

97 
10 
74 
— 
10 
(15) 
176  (8) 

457  (5) 
—  (3) 
—  (6) 

 

(1)  See Table 17.9 for detail. 
(2)  Represents only net gains (losses) that are due to changes in economic conditions and management’s estimates of fair value and excludes changes due to the collection/ 

realization of cash flows over time. 
Included in net gains (losses) from trading activities and other noninterest income in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from debt securities in the income statement. 
Included in net gains (losses) from equity investments in the income statement. 
Included in mortgage banking and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 
(8) 
 
(continued on following page) 

Included in mortgage banking, trading activities, equity investments and other noninterest income in the income statement. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

237 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

(continued from previous page) 

Table 17.9 presents gross purchases, sales, issuances and settlements related to the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities 

measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Table 17.9:  Gross Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements – Level 3 – 2015 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2015 
Trading assets: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Collateralized loan obligations 
Corporate debt securities 
Mortgage-backed securities 
Asset-backed securities 
Equity securities 

Total trading securities 

Other trading assets 

Total trading assets 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Residential 
Commercial 

Total mortgage-backed securities 

Corporate debt securities 
Collateralized loan and other debt obligations 
Asset-backed securities: 

Automobile loans and leases 
Home equity loans 
Other asset-backed securities 

Total asset-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

Marketable equity securities: 

Perpetual preferred securities 
Other marketable equity securities 

Total marketable equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Mortgage servicing rights (residential) (1) 
Net derivative assets and liabilities: 

Interest rate contracts 
Commodity contracts 
Equity contracts 
Foreign exchange contracts 
Credit contracts 
Other derivative contracts 

Total derivative contracts 

Other assets 
Short sale liabilities 
Other liabilities 

Purchases 

Sales 

Issuances 

Settlements 

Net 

$ 

4 
1,093 
45 
— 
— 
— 
1,142 

4 

1,146 

— 

— 
— 
— 

200 
109 

— 
— 
141 
141 

450 

— 
— 
— 

450 

202 
72 
— 

— 
— 
15 
— 
12 
— 
27 

97 
21 
— 

(2) 
(1,203) 
(45) 
(1) 
(5) 
— 
(1,256) 

(27) 

(1,283) 

(65) 

(22) 
(8) 
(30) 

(11) 
(325) 

— 
— 
(1) 
(1) 

(432) 

— 
— 
— 

(432) 

(1,605) 
— 
(3) 

— 
— 
(103) 
— 
(3) 
— 
(106) 

— 
(15) 
— 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 

— 

(1) 
— 
— 
— 
(9) 
(11) 
(21) 

(1) 

(22) 

555 

(1,181) 

— 
(22) 
(22) 

(10) 
(355) 

(264) 
— 
(593) 
(857) 

1 
(110) 
— 
(1) 
(14) 
(11) 
(135) 

(24) 

(159) 

(691) 

(22) 
(30) 
(52) 

179 
(571) 

(264) 
— 
(179) 
(443) 

(2,425) 

(1,578) 

(24) 
— 
(24) 

(2,449) 

(351) 
(795) 
(6) 

(1,137) 
6 
6 
— 
158 
1 
(966) 

— 
— 
11 

(24) 
— 
(24) 

(1,602) 

(977) 
(344) 
1,547 

(1,137) 
6 
(82) 
— 
167 
1 
(1,045) 

97 
6 
11 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

— 
— 
274 
274 

829 

— 
— 
— 

829 

777 
379 
1,556 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
— 
— 

(1)  For more information on the changes in mortgage servicing rights, see Note 9 (Mortgage Banking Activities). 

Table 17.10 and Table 17.11 provide quantitative information 

about the valuation techniques and significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation of substantially all of our Level 3 
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
for which we use an internal model. 

The significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets and 
liabilities that are valued using fair values obtained from third 
party vendors are not included in the table, as the specific inputs 
applied are not provided by the vendor (see discussion regarding 
vendor-developed valuations within the “Level 3 Asset and 
Liability Valuation Processes” section previously within this 
Note). In addition, the table excludes the valuation techniques 
and significant unobservable inputs for certain classes of Level 3 

assets and liabilities measured using an internal model that we 
consider, both individually and in the aggregate, insignificant 
relative to our overall Level 3 assets and liabilities. We made this 
determination based upon an evaluation of each class, which 
considered the magnitude of the positions, nature of the 
unobservable inputs and potential for significant changes in fair 
value due to changes in those inputs. 

238 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 17.10:  Valuation Techniques – Recurring Basis – 2017 

  

($ in millions, except cost to service 
amounts) 

Fair Value 
Level 3 

Valuation Technique(s) 

Significant 
Unobservable Input 

Range of Inputs 

Weighted 
Average (1) 

December 31, 2017 

Trading and available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions: 
Government, healthcare and 

other revenue bonds 
Other municipal bonds 

Collateralized loan and other debt 

obligations (2) 

Asset-backed securities: 

Diversified payment rights (3) 
Other commercial and consumer 

$ 

868 

11 

49 

354 
1,020 

Discounted cash flow 

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

Discount rate 

1.7  -

4.7  -

5.8  % 

4.9 

Vendor priced 
Market comparable 
pricing 
Vendor priced 

Comparability 
adjustment 

(22.0)  -

19.5 

292 
248  (4) 

Discounted cash flow 
Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 
Discount rate 
Weighted average life 

Mortgages held for sale (residential) 

26 
974 

Vendor priced 
Discounted cash flow 

Loans 

24 

376  (5) 

Market comparable 
pricing 
Discounted cash flow 

Mortgage servicing rights (residential) 

13,625 

Discounted cash flow 

Net derivative assets and (liabilities): 

Interest rate contracts 

54 

Discounted cash flow 

Default rate 
Discount rate 
Loss severity 
Prepayment rate 
Comparability 
adjustment 
Discount rate 
Prepayment rate 
Loss severity 
Cost to service per 

loan (6)  $ 

Discount rate 
Prepayment rate (7) 

Default rate 
Loss severity 
Prepayment rate 

0.0  -
50.0  -
2.8  -

Interest rate contracts: derivative loan 

commitments 

17 

Discounted cash flow 

Fall-out factor 

1.0  -

Equity contracts 

102 

Discounted cash flow 

Credit contracts 

(613) 

Option model 

(3) 
39 

Market comparable 
pricing 
Option model 

Other assets: nonmarketable equity 

investments 

8 

Discounted cash flow 

4,813 

Market comparable 
pricing 

Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities 

Total level 3 assets, net of liabilities 

570  (8) 
$  22,854  (9) 

Initial-value 
servicing 

Conversion factor 
Weighted average life 
Correlation factor 
Volatility factor 
Comparability 
adjustment 
Credit spread 
Loss severity 

Discount rate 
Volatility Factor 
Comparability
adjustment 

2.4  -
3.7  -
2.0  -

0.0  -
2.6  -
0.1  -
6.5  -

3.9 
5.2 
2.3  yrs 

7.1  % 
7.3 
41.4 
15.9 

3.1  -
8.7  -
0.0  -

78  -
6.6  -
9.7  -

7.5 
100.0 
33.9 

587 
12.9  % 
20.5 

5.0 
50.0 
12.5 

99.0 

101.1  bps 

0.0  % 
3.0  yrs 
98.0  % 
95.5 

17.3 
63.7 
60.0 

10.0 
1.9 

(59.9)  -

(9.7)  -
0.5  -
(77.0)  -
5.7  -

(29.9)  -
0.0  -
13.0  -

10.0  -

0.5 

2.7 

4.8 

3.0 

3.1 
3.9 
2.1 

1.3 
5.6 
19.6 
9.1 

4.2 
91.9 
6.6 

143 
6.9 
10.5 

2.1 
50.0 
10.5 

15.2 

2.7 

(7.6) 
1.6 
24.2 
19.2 

(0.2) 
1.3 
50.7 

10.0 
1.4 

(56.3)  -

(6.3) 

(42.7) 

(21.1)  -

(5.5) 

(15.0) 

(1)  Weighted averages are calculated using outstanding unpaid principal balance for cash instruments, such as loans and securities, and notional amounts for derivative 

instruments. 
Includes $1.0 billion of collateralized debt obligations. 

(2) 
(3)  Securities backed by specified sources of current and future receivables generated from foreign originators. 
(4)  A significant portion of the balance consists of investments in asset-backed securities that are revolving in nature, for which the timing of advances and repayments of 

principal are uncertain. 

(5)  Consists of reverse mortgage loans. 
(6)  The high end of the range of inputs is for servicing modified loans. For non-modified loans the range is $78 - $252. 
(7) 

Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of 
borrower behavior. 

(8)  Represents the aggregate amount of Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are individually and in the aggregate insignificant. The 

amount includes corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, other trading assets, other liabilities and certain net derivative assets and liabilities, such as 
commodity contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and other derivative contracts. 

(9)  Consists of total Level 3 assets of $24.9 billion and total Level 3 liabilities of $2.0 billion, before netting of derivative balances. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

239 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Table 17.11:  Valuation Techniques – Recurring Basis – 2016 

  

  
($ in millions, except cost to service amounts) 

December 31, 2016 

Trading and available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. states and 

political subdivisions: 
Government, healthcare and 

other revenue bonds 
Other municipal bonds 

Collateralized loan and other debt 

obligations (2) 

Asset-backed securities: 

Diversified payment rights (3) 
Other commercial and consumer 

Mortgages held for sale (residential) 

  
  
  

Loans 

Mortgage servicing rights (residential) 

Net derivative assets and (liabilities): 

Interest rate contracts 
  

Interest rate contracts: derivative loan 

commitments 

Equity contracts 

Credit contracts 

  

  

  

$ 

  

  

  

  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  

  

  

  

  

  

Fair Value 
Level 3 

Valuation Technique(s) 

Significant 
Unobservable Input 

Range of Inputs 

Weighted   

Average (1) 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
  

906 

29 

  

  

  

     

     

     

  

  

  

  

  

  

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

Discounted cash flow 
  

Discount rate 
Weighted average life 

1.1  -

3.7  -
3.6  -

5.6 

4.9 
3.6 

% 

  
yrs 

208 

  

309 
879 

  
  
  
  

443 
492  (4) 

27 
955 

  
  
  
  
  
  

30 

758  (5) 

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

12,959 

127 

(6) 

79 

(346) 

(28) 
105 

Vendor priced 
Market comparable 
pricing 
Vendor priced 
  
Discounted cash flow 
Discounted cash flow 
  
Vendor priced 
Discounted cash flow 

  
  
  
Market comparable 
pricing 
Discounted cash flow 

  
  

Discounted cash flow 

  
  
  
Discounted cash flow 
  

Discounted cash flow 

  
Discounted cash flow 

  
Option model 

  
Market comparable 
pricing 
Option model 
  

Comparability 
adjustment 
  
  
Discount rate 
Discount rate 
Weighted average life 
  
Default rate 
Discount rate 
Loss severity 
Prepayment rate 
Comparability 
adjustment 
Discount rate 
Prepayment rate 
Utilization rate 
Cost to service per
loan (6) 
Discount rate 
Prepayment rate (7) 
  
Default rate 
Loss severity 
Prepayment rate 

Fall-out factor 
Initial-value servicing 
Conversion factor 
Weighted average life 
Correlation factor 
Volatility factor 
Comparability 
adjustment 
Credit spread 
Loss severity 

(15.5)  -

20.3  % 

     
     
1.9  -
3.0  -
0.8  -
     
0.5  -
1.1  -
0.1  -
6.3  -

  
  

  
  
4.8 
4.6 
  
4.2  yrs 
  
7.9  % 
6.9 
42.5 
17.1 

  
  
  

  

(53.3)  -

0.0  -
0.4  -
0.0  -

0.0 

3.9 
100.0 
0.8 

  
  
  

$ 

79  -
6.5  -
9.4  -
     
0.1  -
50.0  -
2.8  -

598 
  
18.4  % 
20.6 
  
  
  
6.8 
  
50.0 
  
12.5 

1.0  -
(23.0)  -
(10.6)  -
1.0  -
(65.0)  -
6.5  -

(27.7)  -
0.0  -
12.0  -

99.0 

  
131.2  bps 
0.0  % 
3.0  yrs 
98.5  % 
100.0 

  

21.3 
11.6 
60.0 

Other assets: nonmarketable equity investments 

21 

  

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

5.0  -

10.3 

3,238 

Market comparable 
pricing 

Volatility Factor 
Comparability 
adjustment 

0.3  -

2.4 

(22.1)  -

(5.5) 

Insignificant Level 3 assets, net of liabilities 

570  (8) 

  

Total level 3 assets, net of liabilities 

$  21,755  (9) 

  

  

  

     

     

  

  

(1)  Weighted averages are calculated using outstanding unpaid principal balance for cash instruments such as loans and securities, and notional amounts for derivative 

instruments. 
Includes $847 million of collateralized debt obligations. 

(2) 
(3)  Securities backed by specified sources of current and future receivables generated from foreign originators. 
(4)  A significant portion of the balance consists of investments in asset-backed securities that are revolving in nature, for which the timing of advances and repayments of 

principal are uncertain. 

(5)  Consists of reverse mortgage loans. 
(6)  The high end of the range of inputs is for servicing modified loans. For non-modified loans the range is $79 - $293. 
(7) 

Includes a blend of prepayment speeds and expected defaults. Prepayment speeds are influenced by mortgage interest rates as well as our estimation of drivers of 
borrower behavior. 

(8)  Represents the aggregate amount of Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are individually and in the aggregate insignificant. The 

amount includes corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, other trading assets, other liabilities and certain net derivative assets and liabilities, such as 
commodity contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and other derivative contracts. 

(9)  Consists of total Level 3 assets of $23.5 billion and total Level 3 liabilities of $1.7 billion, before netting of derivative balances. 

240 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 

 

 

2.0 

4.5 
3.6 

2.9 

  
  
3.3 
3.9 
2.9 
  
1.9 
5.1 
26.9 
10.0 

(37.8) 

0.6 
83.7 
0.1 

155 
6.8 
10.3 
  
2.1 
50.0 
9.6 

15.0 
56.8 
(7.9) 
2.0 
39.9 
20.7 

0.02 
1.2 
50.4 

8.7 

1.1 

(16.4) 

 

 

  
  
  

  

  

  

The valuation techniques used for our Level 3 assets and 
liabilities, as presented in the previous tables, are described as 
follows: 
•  Discounted cash flow – Discounted cash flow valuation 

techniques generally consist of developing an estimate of 
future cash flows that are expected to occur over the life of 
an instrument and then discounting those cash flows at a 
rate of return that results in the fair value amount. 

•  Market comparable pricing – Market comparable pricing 

valuation techniques are used to determine the fair value of 
certain instruments by incorporating known inputs, such as 
recent transaction prices, pending transactions, or prices of 
other similar investments that require significant 
adjustment to reflect differences in instrument 
characteristics. 

•  Option model – Option model valuation techniques are 
generally used for instruments in which the holder has a 
contingent right or obligation based on the occurrence of a 
future event, such as the price of a referenced asset going 
above or below a predetermined strike price. Option models 
estimate the likelihood of the specified event occurring by 
incorporating assumptions such as volatility estimates, price 
of the underlying instrument and expected rate of return. 
Vendor-priced  – Prices obtained from third party pricing 
vendors or brokers that are used to record the fair value of 
the asset or liability for which the related valuation 
technique and significant unobservable inputs are not 
provided. 

• 

 

Significant unobservable inputs presented in the previous 
tables are those we consider significant to the fair value of the 
Level 3 asset or liability. We consider unobservable inputs to be 
significant if by their exclusion the fair value of the Level 3 asset 
or liability would be impacted by a predetermined percentage 
change. We also consider qualitative factors, such as nature of 
the instrument, type of valuation technique used, and the 
significance of the unobservable inputs relative to other inputs 
used within the valuation. Following is a description of the 
significant unobservable inputs provided in the table. 
• 

Comparability adjustment – is an adjustment made to 
observed market data, such as a transaction price in order to 
reflect dissimilarities in underlying collateral, issuer, rating, 
or other factors used within a market valuation approach, 
expressed as a percentage of an observed price. 
Conversion Factor – is the risk-adjusted rate in which a 
particular instrument may be exchanged for another 
instrument upon settlement, expressed as a percentage 
change from a specified rate. 
Correlation factor – is the likelihood of one instrument 
changing in price relative to another based on an 
established relationship expressed as a percentage of 
relative change in price over a period over time. 

• 

• 

• 

• 

Cost to service – is the expected cost per loan of servicing a 
portfolio of loans, which includes estimates for 
unreimbursed expenses (including delinquency and 
foreclosure costs) that may occur as a result of servicing 
such loan portfolios. 
Credit spread – is the portion of the interest rate in excess of 
a benchmark interest rate, such as Overnight Index Swap 
(OIS), LIBOR or U.S. Treasury rates, that when applied to 
an investment captures changes in the obligor’s 
creditworthiness. 

•  Default rate – is an estimate of the likelihood of not 
collecting contractual amounts owed expressed as a 
constant default rate (CDR). 

•  Discount rate – is a rate of return used to calculate the 

present value of the future expected cash flow to arrive at 
the fair value of an instrument. The discount rate consists of 
a benchmark rate component and a risk premium 
component. The benchmark rate component, for example, 
OIS, LIBOR or U.S. Treasury rates, is generally observable 
within the market and is necessary to appropriately reflect 
the time value of money. The risk premium component 
reflects the amount of compensation market participants 
require due to the uncertainty inherent in the instruments’ 
cash flows resulting from risks such as credit and liquidity. 
Fall-out factor – is the expected percentage of loans 
associated with our interest rate lock commitment portfolio 
that are likely of not funding. 
Initial-value servicing – is the estimated value of the 
underlying loan, including the value attributable to the 
embedded servicing right, expressed in basis points of 
outstanding unpaid principal balance. 
Loss severity – is the estimated percentage of contractual 
cash flows lost in the event of a default. 
Prepayment rate – is the estimated rate at which forecasted 
prepayments of principal of the related loan or debt 
instrument are expected to occur, expressed as a constant 
prepayment rate (CPR). 

• 

• 

• 

• 

•  Utilization rate – is the estimated rate in which incremental 

• 

portions of existing reverse mortgage credit lines are 
expected to be drawn by borrowers, expressed as an 
annualized rate. 
Volatility factor – is the extent of change in price an item is 
estimated to fluctuate over a specified period of time 
expressed as a percentage of relative change in price over a 
period over time. 

•  Weighted average life – is the weighted average number of 

years an investment is expected to remain outstanding 
based on its expected cash flows reflecting the estimated 
date the issuer will call or extend the maturity of the 
instrument or otherwise reflecting an estimate of the timing 
of an instrument’s cash flows whose timing is not 
contractually fixed. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

241 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Significant Recurring Level 3 Fair Value Asset and 
Liability Input Sensitivity 
We generally use discounted cash flow or similar internal 
modeling techniques to determine the fair value of our Level 3 
assets and liabilities. Use of these techniques requires 
determination of relevant inputs and assumptions, some of 
which represent significant unobservable inputs as indicated in 
the preceding tables. Accordingly, changes in these unobservable 
inputs may have a significant impact on fair value. 

Certain of these unobservable inputs will (in isolation) have 

a directionally consistent impact on the fair value of the 
instrument for a given change in that input. Alternatively, the 
fair value of the instrument may move in an opposite direction 
for a given change in another input. Where multiple inputs are 
used within the valuation technique of an asset or liability, a 
change in one input in a certain direction may be offset by an 
opposite change in another input having a potentially muted 
impact to the overall fair value of that particular instrument. 
Additionally, a change in one unobservable input may result in a 
change to another unobservable input (that is, changes in certain 
inputs are interrelated to one another), which may counteract or 
magnify the fair value impact. 
 
SECURITIES, LOANS, MORTGAGES HELD FOR SALE and 
NONMARKETABLE EQUITY INVESTMENTS  The fair values of 
predominantly all Level 3 trading securities, mortgages held for 
sale, loans, other nonmarketable equity investments, and 
available-for-sale securities have consistent inputs, valuation 
techniques and correlation to changes in underlying inputs. The 
internal models used to determine fair value for these Level 3 
instruments use certain significant unobservable inputs within a 
discounted cash flow or market comparable pricing valuation 
technique. Such inputs include discount rate, prepayment rate, 
default rate, loss severity, utilization rate, comparability 
adjustment and weighted average life. 

These Level 3 assets would decrease (increase) in value 

based upon an increase (decrease) in discount rate, default rate, 
loss severity, or weighted average life inputs and would generally 
decrease (increase) in value based upon an increase (decrease) in 
prepayment rate. Conversely, the fair value of these Level 3 
assets would generally increase (decrease) in value if the 
utilization rate input were to increase (decrease). 

Generally, a change in the assumption used for default rate 

is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the risk 
premium component of the discount rate (specifically, the 
portion related to credit risk) and a directionally opposite change 
in the assumption used for prepayment rates. The comparability 
adjustment input may have a positive or negative impact on fair 
value depending on the change in fair value the comparability 
adjustment references. Unobservable inputs for comparability 
adjustment, loss severity, utilization rate and weighted average 
life do not increase or decrease based on movements in the other 
significant unobservable inputs for these Level 3 assets. 
 

 

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS  Level 3 derivative instruments 
are valued using market comparable pricing, option pricing and 
discounted cash flow valuation techniques. We utilize certain 
unobservable inputs within these techniques to determine the 
fair value of the Level 3 derivative instruments. The significant 
unobservable inputs consist of credit spread, a comparability 
adjustment, prepayment rate, default rate, loss severity, initial-
value servicing, fall-out factor, volatility factor, weighted average 
life, conversion factor, and correlation factor. 

Level 3 derivative assets (liabilities) where we are long the 
underlying would decrease (increase) in value upon an increase 
(decrease) in default rate, fall-out factor, credit spread, 
conversion factor, or loss severity inputs. Conversely, Level 3 
derivative assets (liabilities) would generally increase (decrease) 
in value upon an increase (decrease) in prepayment rate, initial-
value servicing, weighted average life, or volatility factor inputs. 
The inverse of the above relationships would occur for 
instruments in which we are short the underlying. The 
correlation factor and comparability adjustment inputs may 
have a positive or negative impact on the fair value of these 
derivative instruments depending on the change in value of the 
item the correlation factor and comparability adjustment is 
referencing. The correlation factor and comparability 
adjustment are considered independent from movements in 
other significant unobservable inputs for derivative instruments. 

Generally, for derivative instruments for which we are 
subject to changes in the value of the underlying referenced 
instrument, a change in the assumption used for default rate is 
accompanied by directionally similar change in the risk premium 
component of the discount rate (specifically, the portion related 
to credit risk) and a directionally opposite change in the 
assumption used for prepayment rates. Unobservable inputs for 
loss severity, fall-out factor, initial-value servicing, weighted 
average life, conversion factor, and volatility do not increase or 
decrease based on movements in other significant unobservable 
inputs for these Level 3 instruments. 

 

 

MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS  We use a discounted cash 
flow valuation technique to determine the fair value of Level 3 
mortgage servicing rights. These models utilize certain 
significant unobservable inputs including prepayment rate, 
discount rate and costs to service. An increase in any of these 
unobservable inputs will reduce the fair value of the mortgage 
servicing rights and alternatively, a decrease in any one of these 
inputs would result in the mortgage servicing rights increasing in 
value. Generally, a change in the assumption used for the default 
rate is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the 
assumption used for cost to service and a directionally opposite 
change in the assumption used for prepayment. The sensitivity 
of our residential MSRs is discussed further in Note 8 
(Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities). 

242 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a 
Nonrecurring Basis 
We may be required, from time to time, to measure certain 
assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with 
GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from 
application of LOCOM accounting or write-downs of individual 

 
Table 17.12:  Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

  

assets. Table 17.12 provides the fair value hierarchy and carrying 
amount of all assets that were still held as of December 31, 
2017, and 2016, and for which a nonrecurring fair value 
adjustment was recorded during the years then ended. 
 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

(in millions) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Mortgages held for sale (LOCOM) (1) 
Loans held for sale 
Loans: 

$ 

Commercial 
Consumer 

Total loans (2) 

Other assets - excluding nonmarketable equity 

investments at NAV (3) 

Total included in the fair value hierarchy 

$ 

Other assets - nonmarketable equity investments at 

NAV (4) 

Total assets at fair value on a nonrecurring 

basis 

— 
— 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

1,646 
108 

1,333 
— 

2,979 
108 

374 
502 

876 

— 
10 

10 

374 
512 

886 

177 
2,807 

297 
1,640 

474 
4,447 

— 
— 

— 
— 

— 

— 
— 

2,312 
8 

464 
822 

1,286 

233 
3,839 

1,350 
— 

— 
7 

7 

412 
1,769 

6 

$  4,453 

Total 

3,662 
8 

464 
829 

1,293 

645 
5,608 

13 

5,621 

(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 

Consists of commercial mortgages and residential real estate 1-4 family first mortgage loans. 
Represents the carrying value of loans for which nonrecurring adjustments are based on the appraised value of the collateral. 
Includes the fair value of foreclosed real estate, other collateral owned, operating lease assets and nonmarketable equity investments. 
Consists of certain nonmarketable equity investments that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical 
expedient and are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 

Table 17.13 presents the increase (decrease) in value of 

certain assets held at the end of the respective reporting periods 
presented for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was 
recognized during the periods presented. 

Table 17.13:  Change in Value of Assets with Nonrecurring Fair 
 
Value Adjustment 

  

(in millions) 

Mortgages held for sale (LOCOM) 
Loans held for sale 
Loans: 

Commercial 
Consumer 

Total loans (1) 

Other assets (2) 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

$ 

10 
(2) 

(335) 
(424) 

(759) 

(299) 

$ 

(1,050) 

1 
— 

(913) 
(717) 

(1,630) 

(438) 

(2,067) 

(1)  Represents write-downs of loans based on the appraised value of the 

(2) 

collateral. 
Includes the losses on foreclosed real estate and other collateral owned that 
were measured at fair value subsequent to their initial classification as 
foreclosed assets. Also includes impairment losses on nonmarketable equity 
investments. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

243 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Table 17.14 provides quantitative information about the 

valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used in 
the valuation of substantially all of our Level 3 assets that are 
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis using an internal 
model. The table is limited to financial instruments that had 
nonrecurring fair value adjustments during the periods 
presented. 

We have excluded from the table valuation techniques and 

significant unobservable inputs for certain classes of Level 3 

 
Table 17.14:  Valuation Techniques – Nonrecurring Basis 

  

assets measured using an internal model that we consider, both 
individually and in the aggregate, insignificant relative to our 
overall Level 3 nonrecurring measurements. We made this 
determination based upon an evaluation of each class that 
considered the magnitude of the positions, nature of the 
unobservable inputs and potential for significant changes in fair 
value due to changes in those inputs. 

($ in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Residential mortgages held 

for sale (LOCOM) 

Other assets: nonmarketable 

equity investments 

Insignificant level 3 assets 

Total 

December 31, 2016 
Residential mortgages held for 

sale (LOCOM) 

Fair Value 
Level 3 

Valuation Technique(s) (1) 

Significant Unobservable 
Inputs (1) 

Range of inputs 

Weighted 
Average (2) 

$  1,333  (3) 

Discounted cash flow 

Default rate  (4) 

0.1  – 

4.1% 

1.7% 

Discount rate 

1.5  – 

8.5 

Loss severity 

0.7  – 

52.9 

Prepayment rate 

(5) 

5.4 

– 

100.0 

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

5.0 

– 

10.5 

3.8 

2.2 

50.6 

10.2 

122 

185 

$  1,640 

$ 

1,350  (3) 

Discounted cash flow 

Default rate 
Discount rate 
Loss severity 
Prepayment rate 

(4) 

(5) 

0.2 
1.5 
0.7 
3.0 

– 
– 
– 
– 

4.3 % 
8.5 
50.1 
100.0 

1.9 % 
3.8 
2.4 
50.7 

Other assets: nonmarketable 

equity investments 

Insignificant level 3 assets 

Total 

220 
199 

$ 

1,769 

Discounted cash flow 

Discount rate 

4.7 

– 

9.3 

7.3 

(1)  Refer to the narrative following Table 17.11 for a definition of the valuation technique(s) and significant unobservable inputs. 
(2)  For residential MHFS, weighted averages are calculated using the outstanding unpaid principal balance of the loans. 
(3)  Consists of approximately $1.3 billion of government insured/guaranteed loans purchased from GNMA-guaranteed mortgage securitizations at both December 31, 2017 and 

2016, and $26 million and $33 million of other mortgage loans that are not government insured/guaranteed at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

(4)  Applies only to non-government insured/guaranteed loans. 
(5) 

Includes the impact on prepayment rate of expected defaults for government insured/guaranteed loans, which impact the frequency and timing of early resolution of loans. 

Alternative Investments 
We hold certain nonmarketable equity investments for which we 
use NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient for 
fair value measurements, including estimated fair values for 
investments accounted for under the cost method. The 
investments consist of private equity funds that invest in equity 
and debt securities issued by private and publicly-held 
companies. The fair values of these investments and related 
unfunded commitments totaled $30 million and $23 million, 
respectively, at December 31, 2017, and $48 million and 
$37 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016. The investments 
do not allow redemptions. We receive distributions as the 
underlying assets of the funds liquidate, which we expect to 
occur through 2025. 

244 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Fair Value Option 
The fair value option is an irrevocable election, generally only 
permitted upon initial recognition of financial assets or 
liabilities, to measure eligible financial instruments at fair value 
with changes in fair value reflected in earnings. We may elect the 
fair value option to align the measurement model with how the 
financial assets or liabilities are managed or to reduce 
complexity or accounting asymmetry. Following is a discussion 
of the portfolios for which we elected the fair value option. 

TRADING ASSETS - LOANS  We engage in holding loans for 
market-making purposes to support the buying and selling 
demands of our customers. These loans are generally held for a 
short period of time and managed within parameters of 
internally approved market risk limits. We have elected to 
measure and carry them at fair value, which best aligns with our 
risk management practices. Fair value for these loans is 
generally determined using readily available market data based 
on recent transaction prices for similar loans. 

MORTGAGES HELD FOR SALE (MHFS)  We measure MHFS at 
fair value for MHFS originations for which an active secondary 
market and readily available market prices exist to reliably 
support fair value pricing models used for these loans. Loan 
origination fees on these loans are recorded when earned, and 
related direct loan origination costs are recognized when 
incurred. We also measure at fair value certain of our other 
interests held related to residential loan sales and 
securitizations. We believe fair value measurement for MHFS 
and other interests held, which we hedge with economic hedge 
derivatives along with our MSRs measured at fair value, reduces 
certain timing differences and better matches changes in the 
value of these assets with changes in the value of derivatives 
used as economic hedges for these assets. 

 
 
Table 17.15:  Fair Value Option 

  

LOANS HELD FOR SALE (LHFS)  We elected to measure certain 
LHFS portfolios at fair value in conjunction with customer 
accommodation activities, which better aligns the measurement 
basis of the assets held with our management objectives given 
the trading nature of these portfolios. 

  

LOANS  Loans that we measure at fair value consist 
predominantly of reverse mortgage loans previously transferred 
under a GNMA reverse mortgage securitization program 
accounted for as a secured borrowing. Before the transfer, they 
were classified as MHFS measured at fair value and, as such, 
remain carried on our balance sheet under the fair value option. 

OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  We elected to measure at 
fair value certain nonmarketable equity securities that are 
hedged with derivative instruments to better reflect the 
economics of the transactions. These securities are included in 
other assets. 

Similarly, we may elect fair value option for the assets and 

liabilities of certain newly consolidated VIEs if our interests, 
prior to consolidation, are carried at fair value with changes in 
fair value recorded to earnings. Accordingly, such an election 
allows us to continue fair value accounting through earnings for 
those interests and eliminate income statement mismatch 
otherwise caused by differences in the measurement basis of the 
consolidated VIEs assets and liabilities. 

Table 17.15 reflects differences between the fair value 

carrying amount of the assets for which we have elected the fair 
value option and the contractual aggregate unpaid principal 
amount at maturity. 

December 31, 2017 
Fair value 
carrying 
amount less 
aggregate 
unpaid 
principal 

Fair value  Aggregate 
unpaid 
principal 

carrying 
amount 

December 31, 2016 
Fair value 
carrying 
amount less 
aggregate 
unpaid 
principal 

Aggregate 
unpaid 
principal 

Fair value 
carrying 
amount 

(in millions) 

Trading assets - loans: 

Total loans 
Nonaccrual loans 

Mortgages held for sale: 

Total loans 
Nonaccrual loans 
Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing 

Loans held for sale: 

Total loans 
Nonaccrual loans 

Loans: 

Total loans 
Nonaccrual loans 

Other assets (1) 

$ 

1,023 
34 

16,116 
127 
16 

— 
— 

376 
253 
4,867 

1,069 
50 

15,827 
165 
21 

6 
6 

404 
281 
N/A 

(46) 
(16) 

289 
(38) 
(5) 

(6) 
(6) 

(28) 
(28) 
N/A 

1,332 
100 

22,042 
136 
12 

— 
— 

758 
297 
3,275 

1,418 
115 

21,961 
182 
16 

6 
6 

775 
318 
N/A 

(1)  Consists of nonmarketable equity investments carried at fair value. See Note 7 (Premises, Equipment, Lease Commitments and Other Assets) for more information. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

(86) 
(15) 

81 
(46) 
(4) 

(6) 
(6) 

(17) 
(21) 
N/A 

245 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

The assets accounted for under the fair value option are 
initially measured at fair value. Gains and losses from initial 
measurement and subsequent changes in fair value are 
recognized in earnings. The changes in fair value related to 
initial measurement and subsequent changes in fair value 
included in earnings for these assets measured at fair value are 
shown in Table 17.16 by income statement line item. 

Table 17.16:  Fair Value Option – Changes in Fair Value Included in Earnings 

  

Mortgage 
banking 
noninterest 
income 

Net gains 
(losses) 
from 
trading 
activities 

$ 

— 
1,229 
— 
— 
— 

45 
— 
— 
— 
(9) 

2017 

Other 
noninterest 
income 

2 
— 
— 
1,592 
— 

2016 

Mortgage 
banking 
noninterest 
income 

Net gains 
(losses) 
from 
trading 
activities 

Other 
noninterest 
income 

Mortgage 
banking 
noninterest 
income 

Net gains 
(losses) 
from 
trading 
activities 

— 
1,456 
— 
— 
— 

55 
— 
— 
— 
(5) 

3 
— 
(60) 
(12) 
— 

— 
1,808 
— 
— 
— 

4 
— 
— 
— 
(6) 

2015 

Other 
noninterest 
income 

4 
— 
(122) 
457 
— 

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions) 

Trading assets - loans 
Mortgages held for sale 
Loans 
Other assets 
Other interests held (1) 

(1) 

Includes retained interests in securitizations. 

For performing loans, instrument-specific credit risk gains 
or losses were derived principally by determining the change in 
fair value of the loans due to changes in the observable or 
implied credit spread. Credit spread is the market yield on the 
loans less the relevant risk-free benchmark interest rate. For 
nonperforming loans, we attribute all changes in fair value to 
instrument-specific credit risk. Table 17.17 shows the estimated 
gains and losses from earnings attributable to instrument-
specific credit risk related to assets accounted for under the fair 
value option. 

Table 17.17:  Fair Value Option – Gains/Losses Attributable to 
  
Instrument-Specific Credit Risk 

  

(in millions) 
Gains (losses) attributable to 

instrument-specific credit risk: 
Trading assets - loans 
Mortgages held for sale 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

$ 

45 
(12) 

33 

55 
3 

58 

4 
29 

33 

246 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial 
Instruments 
Table 17.18 is a summary of fair value estimates for financial 
instruments, excluding financial instruments recorded at fair 
 
value on a recurring basis, as they are included within Table 17.2 
in this Note. The carrying amounts in the following table are 
recorded on the balance sheet under the indicated captions, 
except for nonmarketable equity investments, which are 
included in other assets. 

 
Table 17.18:  Fair Value Estimates for Financial Instruments 

  

 

(in millions) 

December 31, 2017 
Financial assets 

Cash and due from banks (1) 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale 
agreements and other short-term investments (1) 

Held-to-maturity securities 
Mortgages held for sale (2) 
Loans held for sale 
Loans, net (3) 
Nonmarketable equity investments (cost method) 

Excluding investments at NAV 

Total financial assets included in the fair value hierarchy 

Investments at NAV (4) 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 
Short-term borrowings (1) 
Long-term debt (5) 

Total financial liabilities 

December 31, 2016 
Financial assets 

We have not included assets and liabilities that are not 

financial instruments in our disclosure, such as the value of the 
long-term relationships with our deposit, credit card and trust 
customers, amortized MSRs, premises and equipment, goodwill 
and other intangibles, deferred taxes and other liabilities. The 
total of the fair value calculations presented does not represent, 
and should not be construed to represent, the underlying value 
of the Company. 

Carrying 
amount 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Estimated fair value 

$ 

23,367 

23,367 

— 

— 

23,367 

272,605 
139,335 
3,954 
108 
926,273 

193,457 
44,806 
— 
— 
— 

79,079 
93,694 
2,625 
108 
51,713 

69 
485 
1,333 
— 
886,622 

— 
261,630 

23 
227,242 

7,605 
896,114 

272,605 
138,985 
3,958 
108 
938,335 

7,628 
1,384,986 
30 
1,385,016 

— 
— 
— 
— 

1,315,648 
103,256 
227,109 
1,646,013 

19,768 
— 
3,159 
22,927 

1,335,416 
103,256 
230,268 
1,668,940 

7,136 
1,372,778 
27 
$  1,372,805 

$  1,335,991 
103,256 
224,981 
$  1,664,228 

Cash and due from banks (1) 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and 

other short-term investments (1) (6) 

Held to maturity securities 
Mortgages held for sale (2) 
Loans held for sale 
Loans, net (3) 
Nonmarketable equity investments (cost method) 

Excluding investments at NAV 

Total financial assets included in the fair value hierarchy 

Investments at NAV (4) 

Total financial assets 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 
Short-term borrowings (1) 
Long-term debt (5) 

Total financial liabilities 

$ 

20,729 

20,729 

— 

— 

20,729 

266,038 
99,583 
4,267 
80 
936,358 

207,003 
45,079 
— 
— 
— 

58,953 
51,706 
2,927 
81 
60,245 

82 
2,370 
1,350 
— 
887,589 

8,362 
1,335,417 
35 
$  1,335,452 

$  1,306,079 
96,781 
255,070 
$  1,657,930 

— 
272,811 

18 
173,930 

8,924 
900,315 

— 
— 
— 
— 

1,282,158 
96,781 
245,704 
1,624,643 

23,995 
— 
10,075 
34,070 

266,038 
99,155 
4,277 
81 
947,834 

8,942 
1,347,056 
48 
1,347,104 

1,306,153 
96,781 
255,779 
1,658,713 

(1)  Amounts consist of financial instruments for which carrying value approximates fair value. 
(2)  Excludes MHFS for which we elected the fair value option. 
(3)  Excludes loans for which the fair value option was elected and also excludes lease financing with a carrying amount of $19.4 billion and $19.3 billion at December 31, 2017 
 

(4)  Consists of certain nonmarketable equity investments for which estimated fair values are determined using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and 

and 2016, respectively. 

are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 

(5)  Excludes capital lease obligations under capital leases of $39 million and $7 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
(6)  The fair value classification level of certain interest-earning deposits have been reclassified to conform with the current period end classification. 
 

Wells Fargo & Company 

247 

Note 17:  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities (continued) 

Loan commitments, standby letters of credit and 

commercial and similar letters of credit are not included in Table 
17.18. A reasonable estimate of the fair value of these 
instruments is the carrying value of deferred fees plus the 
allowance for unfunded credit commitments, which totaled 

Note 18:  Preferred Stock 

$1.0 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively. 

We are authorized to issue 20 million shares of preferred stock 
and 4 million shares of preference stock, both without par value. 
Preferred shares outstanding rank senior to common shares 
both as to dividends and liquidation preference but have no 
general voting rights. We have not issued any preference shares 

under this authorization. If issued, preference shares would be 
limited to one vote per share. Our total authorized, issued and 
outstanding preferred stock is presented in the following two 
tables along with the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. 

 
Table 18.1:  Preferred Stock Shares 

  

DEP Shares 
Dividend Equalization Preferred Shares (DEP) 
Series H 
Floating Class A Preferred Stock (1) 
Series I 
Floating Class A Preferred Stock 
Series J 
8.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series K 
7.98% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series L 
7.50% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Class A Preferred Stock 
Series N 
5.20% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series O 
5.125% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series P 
5.25% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series Q 
5.85% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series R 
6.625% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series S 
5.90% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series T 
6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series U 
5.875% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series V 
6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series W 
5.70% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series X 
5.50% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series Y 
5.625% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
ESOP 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 

Total 

December 31, 2017 
Shares 
authorized 
and 
designated 

Liquidation 
preference 
per share 

December 31, 2016 
Shares 
 authorized 
and 
designated 

Liquidation 
preference 
per share 

$ 

10 

—

97,000 

$ 

10 

97,000 

— 

20,000 

50,000 

100,000 

25,010 

100,000 

25,010 

1,000 

2,300,000 

1,000 

2,300,000 

1,000 

3,500,000 

1,000 

3,500,000 

1,000 

4,025,000 

1,000 

4,025,000 

25,000 

30,000 

25,000 

30,000 

25,000 

27,600 

25,000 

27,600 

25,000 

26,400 

25,000 

26,400 

25,000 

69,000 

25,000 

69,000 

25,000 

34,500 

25,000 

34,500 

25,000 

80,000 

25,000 

80,000 

25,000 

32,200 

25,000 

32,200 

25,000 

80,000 

25,000 

80,000 

25,000 

40,000 

25,000 

40,000 

25,000 

40,000 

25,000 

40,000 

25,000 

46,000 

25,000 

46,000 

25,000 

27,600 

— 

1,556,104 

12,036,414 

—

— 

— 

1,439,181 

11,941,891 

(1)  On January 26, 2017, we filed with the Delaware Secretary of State a Certificate Eliminating the Certificate of Designations with respect to the Series H preferred Stock. 
(2)  See the ESOP Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock section of this Note for additional information about the liquidation preference for the ESOP Cumulative Preferred 

Stock. 

248 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 18.2:  Preferred Stock – Shares Issued and Carrying Value 
 

  

(in millions, except shares) 

DEP Shares 
Dividend Equalization Preferred Shares (DEP) 
Series I (1) 
Floating Class A Preferred Stock 
Series J (1) 
8.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series K (1) 
7.98% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series L (1) 
7.50% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series N (1) 
5.20% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series O (1) 
5.125% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series P (1) 
5.25% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series Q (1) 
5.85% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series R (1) 
6.625% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series S (1) 
5.90% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series T (1) 
6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series U (1) 
5.875% Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A 

Preferred Stock 

Series V (1) 
6.00% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series W (1) 
5.70% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series X (1) 
5.50% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
Series Y (1) 
5.625% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock 
ESOP 
Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Shares 
issued and 
outstanding 

Liquidation 
preference 
value 

Carrying 

value  Discount 

Shares 
issued and 
outstanding 

Liquidation 
preference 
value 

Carrying 
value 

Discount 

96,546  $ 

— 

— 

25,010 

2,501 

2,501 

— 

— 

96,546 

$ 

— 

— 

25,010 

2,501 

2,501 

— 

— 

2,150,375 

2,150 

1,995 

155 

2,150,375 

2,150 

1,995 

155 

3,352,000 

3,352 

2,876 

476 

3,352,000 

3,352 

2,876 

476 

3,968,000 

3,968 

3,200 

768 

3,968,000 

3,968 

3,200 

768 

30,000 

750 

750 

26,000 

650 

650 

25,000 

625 

625 

69,000 

1,725 

1,725 

33,600 

840 

840 

80,000 

2,000 

2,000 

32,000 

800 

800 

80,000 

2,000 

2,000 

40,000 

1,000 

1,000 

40,000 

1,000 

1,000 

46,000 

1,150 

1,150 

27,600 

690 

690 

1,556,104 

1,556 

1,556 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

30,000 

26,000 

25,000 

750 

650 

625 

750 

650 

625 

69,000 

1,725 

1,725 

33,600 

840 

840 

80,000 

2,000 

2,000 

32,000 

800 

800 

80,000 

2,000 

2,000 

40,000 

1,000 

1,000 

40,000 

1,000 

1,000 

46,000 

1,150 

1,150 

— 

— 

— 

1,439,181 

1,439 

1,439 

24,551 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

1,399 

Total 

11,677,235  $  26,757 

25,358 

1,399 

11,532,712 

$  25,950 

(1)  Preferred shares qualify as Tier 1 capital. 

In April 2017, we issued 27.6 million Depositary Shares, 

each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Non-
Cumulative Perpetual Class A Preferred Stock, Series Y, for an 
aggregate public offering price of $690 million. 

See Note 8 (Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities) 

for additional information on our trust preferred securities. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

249 

Note 18:  Preferred Stock (continued) 

ESOP CUMULATIVE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK  All 
shares of our ESOP Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
(ESOP Preferred Stock) were issued to a trustee acting on behalf 
of the Wells Fargo & Company 401(k) Plan (the 401(k) Plan). 
Dividends on the ESOP Preferred Stock are cumulative from the 
date of initial issuance and are payable quarterly at annual rates 
based upon the year of issuance. Each share of ESOP Preferred 
Stock released from the unallocated reserve of the 401(k) Plan is 
converted into shares of our common stock based on the stated 
value of the ESOP Preferred Stock and the then current market 

 
Table 18.3:  ESOP Preferred Stock 

  

price of our common stock. The ESOP Preferred Stock is also 
convertible at the option of the holder at any time, unless 
previously redeemed. We have the option to redeem the ESOP 
Preferred Stock at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption 
price per share equal to the higher of (a) $1,000 per share plus 
accrued and unpaid dividends or (b) the fair market value, as 
defined in the Certificates of Designation for the ESOP Preferred 
Stock. 

(in millions, except shares) 
ESOP Preferred Stock 
$1,000 liquidation preference per share 

2017 
2016 
2015 
2014 
2013 
2012 
2011 
2010 
2008 

Shares issued and outstanding 
Dec 31, 
2016 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Carrying value 
Dec 31, 
2016 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Adjustable dividend rate 

Minimum 

Maximum 

273,210 
322,826 
187,436 
237,151 
201,948 
128,634 
129,296 
75,603 
— 

—  $ 

358,528 
200,820 
255,413 
222,558 
144,072 
149,301 
90,775 
17,714 

273 
323 
187 
237 
202 
129 
129 
76 
— 

— 
358 
201 
255 
223 
144 
149 
91 
18 

7.00% 
9.30 
8.90 
8.70 
8.50 
10.00 
9.00 
9.50 
10.50 

8.00 
10.30 
9.90 
9.70 
9.50 
11.00 
10.00 
10.50 
11.50 

Total ESOP Preferred Stock (1) 

Unearned ESOP shares (2) 

1,556,104 

1,439,181  $ 

1,556 

1,439 

$ 

(1,678) 

(1,565) 

(1)  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, additional paid-in capital included $122 million and $126 million, respectively, related to ESOP preferred stock.  
(2)  We recorded a corresponding charge to unearned ESOP shares in connection with the issuance of the ESOP Preferred Stock. The unearned ESOP shares are reduced as 

shares of the ESOP Preferred Stock are committed to be released. 

250 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 19:  Common Stock and Stock Plans 

Common Stock 
Table 19.1 presents our reserved, issued and authorized shares of 
common stock at December 31, 2017. 

 
Table 19.1:  Common Stock Shares 

  

Dividend reinvestment and common stock 

purchase plans 

Director plans 
Stock plans (1) 
Convertible securities and warrants 

Total shares reserved 

Shares issued 
Shares not reserved or issued 

Total shares authorized 

Number of shares 

10,973,760 
572,270 
459,744,943 
89,163,322 
560,454,295 
5,481,811,474 
2,957,734,231 

9,000,000,000 

(1) 

Includes employee options, restricted shares and restricted share rights,     
401(k) profit sharing and compensation deferral plans. 

At December 31, 2017, we had 23,327,854 warrants 

outstanding and exercisable to purchase shares of our common 
stock with an exercise price of $33.701 per share, expiring on 
October 28, 2018. The terms of the warrants require that the 
number of shares entitled to be purchased upon exercise of a 
warrant be adjusted under certain circumstances. At 
December 31, 2017, each warrant was exercisable to purchase 
approximately 1.01 shares of our common stock. We purchased 
none of these warrants in 2017 or 2016. Holders exercised 
9,774,052 and 1,714,726 warrants to purchase shares of our 
common stock in 2017 and 2016, respectively. These warrants 
were issued in connection with our participation in the Troubled 
Asset Relief Program (TARP) Capital Purchase Program (CPP). 

 

Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock 
Purchase Plans 
Participants in our dividend reinvestment and common stock 
direct purchase plans may purchase shares of our common stock 
at fair market value by reinvesting dividends and/or making 
optional cash payments, under the plan’s terms. 

 

Employee Stock Plans 
We offer stock-based employee compensation plans as described 
below. For information on our accounting for stock-based 
compensation plans, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant 
Accounting Policies). 
 
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS  Our Long-
Term Incentive Compensation Plan (LTICP) provides for awards 
of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation 
rights, restricted shares, restricted stock rights (RSRs), 
performance share awards (PSAs), performance units and stock 
awards with or without restrictions. 

Beginning in 2010, we granted RSRs and performance 
shares as our primary long-term incentive awards instead of 
stock options. Holders of RSRs are entitled to the related shares 
 
of common stock at no cost generally vesting over three to five 
years after the RSRs were granted. Subject to compliance with 
applicable laws, rules and regulations, RSRs generally continue 
to vest and are distributed after retirement according to the 
original vesting schedule. Except for retirement and other 

limited circumstances, RSRs are canceled when employment 
ends. 

Holders of each vested PSA are entitled to the related shares 

of common stock at no cost. Subject to compliance with 
applicable laws, rules, and regulations, PSAs continue to vest 
and are distributed after retirement according to the original 
vesting schedule subject to satisfying the performance criteria 
and other vesting conditions. 

Holders of RSRs and PSAs may be entitled to receive 
additional RSRs and PSAs (dividend equivalents) or cash 
payments equal to the cash dividends that would have been paid 
had the RSRs or PSAs been issued and outstanding shares of 
common stock. RSRs and PSAs granted as dividend equivalents 
are subject to the same vesting schedule and conditions as the 
underlying award. 

Stock options must have an exercise price at or above fair 
market value (as defined in the plan) of the stock at the date of 
grant (except for substitute or replacement options granted in 
connection with mergers or other acquisitions) and a term of no 
more than 10 years. Options generally become exercisable over 
three years beginning on the first anniversary of the date of 
grant. Except as otherwise permitted under the plan, if 
employment is ended for reasons other than retirement, 
permanent disability or death, the option exercise period is 
reduced or the options are canceled. 

Compensation expense for most of our RSRs, and PSAs 

granted prior to 2013 is based on the quoted market price of the 
related stock at the grant date; beginning in 2013 certain RSRs 
and all PSAs granted include discretionary conditions that can 
result in forfeiture and are subject to variable accounting. For 
these awards, the associated compensation expense fluctuates 
with changes in our stock price. Table 19.2 summarizes the 
major components of stock incentive compensation expense and 
the related recognized tax benefit. 

 
Table 19.2:  Stock Incentive Compensation Expense 

  

(in millions) 

RSRs 
Performance shares 
Stock options 

$ 

Total stock incentive 

compensation expense (1)  $ 

Related recognized tax benefit 

$ 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

743 
112 
(6) 

849 

320 

692 
87 
— 

779 

294 

675 
169 
— 

844 

318 

(1)  Amount for the year-ended December 31, 2017, is net of $26 million related to 

clawback credits taken against a prior PSA awarded under our LTICP. 

For various acquisitions and mergers, we converted 

employee and director stock options of acquired or merged 
companies into stock options to purchase our common stock 
based on the terms of the original stock option plan and the 
agreed-upon exchange ratio. In addition, we converted restricted 
stock awards into awards that entitle holders to our stock after 
the vesting conditions are met. Holders receive cash dividends 
on outstanding awards if provided in the original award. 

The total number of shares of common stock available for 
grant under the plans at December 31, 2017, was 147 million. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

251 

Note 19:  Common Stock and Stock Plans (continued) 

Director Awards 
Beginning in 2011, we granted only common stock awards under 
the LTICP to non-employee directors elected or re-elected at the 
annual meeting of stockholders and prorated awards to directors 
who join the Board at any other time. Stock awards vest 
immediately. Options also were granted to directors prior to 
 
2011 and can be exercised after 12 months through the tenth 
 
anniversary of the grant date. 

Restricted Share Rights 
A summary of the status of our RSRs and restricted share awards 
at December 31, 2017, and changes during 2017 is presented in 
Table 19.3. 

 
Table 19.3:  Restricted Share Rights 

  

Nonvested at January 1, 2017 
Granted 
Vested 
Canceled or forfeited 

Number 

35,678,586  $ 
15,082,229 
(14,777,208) 
(1,089,231) 

Nonvested at December 31, 2017 

34,894,376 

Weighted- 
 average 
 grant-date 
 fair value 

46.40 
57.54 
46.61 
51.99 

50.95 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSRs granted 

during 2016 and 2015 was $48.31 and $55.34, respectively. 
At December 31, 2017, there was $781 million of total 

unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested RSRs. The 
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period 
of 2.4 years. The total fair value of RSRs that vested during 2017, 
2016 and 2015 was $865 million, $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion, 
respectively. 
 

Performance Share Awards 
Holders of PSAs are entitled to the related shares of common 
stock at no cost subject to the Company’s achievement of 
specified performance criteria over a three-year period. PSAs are 
granted at a target number; based on the Company’s 
performance, the number of awards that vest can be adjusted 
downward to zero and upward to a maximum of either 125% or 
150% of target. The awards vest in the quarter after the end of 
the performance period. For PSAs whose performance period 
ended December 31, 2017, the determination of the number of 
performance shares that will vest will occur in first quarter of 
2018 after review of the Company’s performance by the Human 
Resources Committee of the Board of Directors. Beginning in 
2013, PSAs granted include discretionary conditions that can 
result in forfeiture and are subject to variable accounting. For 
these awards, the associated compensation expense fluctuates 
with changes in our stock price and the estimated outcome of 
meeting the performance conditions. The total expense that will 
be recognized on these awards cannot be finalized until the 
determination of the awards that will vest. 

A summary of the status of our PSAs at December 31, 2017, 

and changes during 2017 is in Table 19.4, based on the 
performance adjustments recognized as of December 2017. 

 
Table 19.4:  Performance Share Awards 

  

Weighted- 
 average 
 grant-date 
 fair value (1) 

Number 

Nonvested at January 1, 2017 
Granted 
Vested 
Canceled or forfeited 

5,528,405  $ 
2,073,942 
(1,993,598) 
(116,645) 

Nonvested at December 31, 2017 

5,492,104 

43.99 
57.14 
46.63 
52.97 

47.81 

(1)  Reflects approval date fair value for grants subject to variable accounting. 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance 
awards granted during 2016 and 2015 was $44.73 and $45.52, 
respectively. 

At December 31, 2017, there was $43 million of total 

unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested 
performance awards. The cost is expected to be recognized over 
a weighted-average period of 1.7 years. The total fair value of 
PSAs that vested during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $117 million, 
$220 million, and $299 million, respectively. 

252 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Stock Options 
Table 19.5 summarizes stock option activity and related 
information for the stock plans. Options assumed in mergers are 
included in the activity and related information for Incentive 
 
 
Table 19.5:  Stock Option Activity 

  

Compensation Plans if originally issued under an employee plan, 
and in the activity and related information for Director Awards if 
originally issued under a director plan. 

Incentive compensation plans 
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2016 

Canceled or forfeited 
Exercised 

Options exercisable and outstanding as of December 31, 2017 

Director awards 
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2016 

Exercised 

Options exercisable and outstanding as of December 31, 2017 

The total intrinsic value to option holders, which is the stock 

market value in excess of the option exercise price, of options 
exercised during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $623 million, 
$546 million and $497 million, respectively. 

Cash received from the exercise of stock options for 2017, 

2016 and 2015 was $602 million, $893 million and $618 million, 
respectively. 

We do not have a specific policy on repurchasing shares to 
satisfy share option exercises. Rather, we have a general policy 
on repurchasing shares to meet common stock issuance 
requirements for our benefit plans (including share option 
exercises), conversion of our convertible securities, acquisitions 
and other corporate purposes. Various factors determine the 
amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our 
capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for 
acquisitions and employee benefit plans, market conditions 
(including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and 
legal considerations. These factors can change at any time, and 
there can be no assurance as to the number of shares we will 
repurchase or when we will repurchase them. 

Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise price 

Number 

Weighted- 
 average 
remaining 
contractual 
term (in yrs.) 

Aggregate 
intrinsic 
 value 
(in millions) 

44,266,998  $ 
(2,550,555) 
(21,537,264) 

20,179,179 

199,820 
(94,920) 

104,900 

34.62 
106.71 
27.79 

32.80 

32.06 
34.48 

29.87 

0.8  $ 

777 

0.3 

3 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
The Wells Fargo & Company 401(k) Plan (401(k) Plan) is a 
defined contribution plan with an Employee Stock Ownership 
Plan (ESOP) feature. The ESOP feature enables the 401(k) Plan 
to borrow money to purchase our preferred or common stock. 
From 1994 through 2017, with the exception of 2009, we loaned 
money to the 401(k) Plan to purchase shares of our ESOP 
preferred stock. As our employer contributions are made to the 
401(k) Plan and are used by the 401(k) Plan to make ESOP loan 
payments, the ESOP preferred stock in the 401(k) Plan is 
released and converted into our common stock shares. 
Dividends on the common stock shares allocated as a result of 
the release and conversion of the ESOP preferred stock reduce 
retained earnings, and the shares are considered outstanding for 
computing earnings per share. Dividends on the unallocated 
ESOP preferred stock do not reduce retained earnings, and the 
shares are not considered to be common stock equivalents for 
computing earnings per share. Loan principal and interest 
payments are made from our employer contributions to the 
401(k) Plan, along with dividends paid on the ESOP preferred 
stock. With each principal and interest payment, a portion of the 
ESOP preferred stock is released and converted to common 
stock shares, which are allocated to the 401(k) Plan participants 
and invested in the Wells Fargo ESOP Fund within the 401(k) 
Plan. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

253 

Note 19:  Common Stock and Stock Plans (continued) 

Table 19.6 presents the balance of common stock and 

unreleased preferred stock held in the Wells Fargo ESOP fund, 
the fair value of unreleased ESOP preferred stock and the 

dividends on allocated shares of common stock and unreleased 
ESOP Preferred Stock paid to the 401(k) Plan. 

 
Table 19.6:  Common Stock and Unreleased Preferred Stock in the Wells Fargo ESOP Fund 

  

(in millions, except shares) 

Allocated shares (common) 
Unreleased shares (preferred) 
Fair value of unreleased ESOP preferred shares 

Allocated shares (common) 
Unreleased shares (preferred) 

Deferred Compensation Plan for Independent 
Sales Agents 
WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Parent formed solely to sponsor a deferred 
compensation plan for independent sales agents who provide 
investment, financial and other qualifying services for or with 
respect to participating affiliates. 

2017 

124,670,717 
1,556,104 
1,556 

$ 

$ 

2017 

195 
166 

Shares outstanding 
December 31, 
2015 

2016 

128,189,305 
1,439,181 
1,439 

137,418,176 
1,252,386 
1,252 

Dividends paid 
Year ended December 31, 
2015 

2016 

208 
169 

201 
143 

The Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for 

Independent Contractors, which became effective 
January 1, 2002, allowed participants to defer all or part of their 
eligible compensation payable to them by a participating 
affiliate. The plan was frozen for new compensation deferrals 
effective January 1, 2012. The Parent has fully and 
unconditionally guaranteed the deferred compensation 
obligations of WF Deferred Compensation Holdings, Inc. under 
the plan. 

254 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 20:  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Our revenue includes net interest income on financial 
instruments and noninterest income. Table 20.1 presents our 
year ended December 31, 2017, revenue by operating segment 
given our current accounting policies. For additional description 
of our operating segments, including additional financial 
information and the underlying management accounting 
process, see Note 25 (Operating Segments) to Financial 
Statements in this Report. 

Table 20.1:  Revenue by Operating Segment 
 

We will reflect the adoption of Accounting Standards 

Update (ASU) 2014-09 – Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers (“the new revenue guidance”) in first quarter 2018 
and will include additional disaggregation of specific categories 
of revenue. 

(in millions) 

Net interest income (1) 

Noninterest income: 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees: 

Brokerage advisory, commissions and other fees 
Trust and investment management 
Investment banking 

Total trust and investment fees 

Card fees 
Other fees: 

Charges and fees on loans (1) 
Cash network fees 
Commercial real estate brokerage commissions 
Letters of credit fees (1) 
Wire transfer and other remittance fees 
All other fees (1) 

Total other fees 
Mortgage banking (1) 
Insurance (1) 
Net gains from trading activities (1) 
Net gains (losses) on debt securities (1) 
Net gains from equity investments (1) 
Lease income (1) 
Other income of the segment (1) 
Total noninterest income 

Revenue 

Community 
Banking 

30,365 

Wholesale 
Banking 

16,967 

Year ended December 31, 2017 

Wealth and 
Investment 
Management 

Other (2) 

Consolidated 
Company 

4,493 

(2,268) 

49,557 

2,905 

2,205 

17 

(16) 

5,111 

1,831 
889 
(60) 
2,660 

3,613 

307 
498 
— 
5 
240 
447 
1,497 
3,895 
98 
59 
709 
1,144 
— 
1,762 
18,342 

48,707 

303 
524 
1,827 
2,654 

345 

956 
8 
461 
300 
204 
125 
2,054 
458 
913 
700 
(232) 
117 
1,907 
85 
11,206 

28,173 

9,072 
2,877 
(2) 
11,947 

6 

4 
— 
1 
4 
8 
1 
18 
(10) 
88 
294 
2 
7 
— 
64 
12,433 

16,926 

(1,848) 
(918) 
— 
(2,766) 

(4) 

(4) 
— 
— 
(4) 
(4) 
— 
(12) 
7 
(50) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(308) 
(3,149) 

(5,417) 

9,358 
3,372 
1,765 
14,495 

3,960 

1,263 
506 
462 
305 
448 
573 
3,557 
4,350 
1,049 
1,053 
479 
1,268 
1,907 
1,603 
38,832 

88,389 

(1)  Most of our revenue is not within the scope of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and additional details are included 
in other footnotes to our financial statements. The scope explicitly excludes net interest income as well as many other revenues for financial assets and liabilities, including 
loans, leases, securities, and derivatives. 
Includes the elimination of certain items that are included in more than one business segment, substantially all of which represents products and services for WIM 
customers served through Community Banking distribution channels. 

(2) 

Following is a discussion of key revenues within the scope of the 
new revenue guidance. We provide services to customers which 
have related performance obligations that we complete to 
recognize revenue. Our revenues are generally recognized either 
immediately upon the completion of our service or over time as 
we perform services. Any services performed over time generally 
require that we render services each period and therefore we 
measure our progress in completing these services based upon 
the passage of time. 

SERVICE CHARGES ON DEPOSIT ACCOUNTS are earned on 
depository accounts for commercial and consumer customers 
and include fees for account and overdraft services. Account 
services include fees for event-driven services and fees for 
periodic account maintenance activities. Our obligation for 
event-driven services is satisfied at the time of the event when 

 

the service is delivered, while our obligation for maintenance 
services is satisfied over the course of each month. Our 
obligation for overdraft services is satisfied at the time of the 
overdraft. 

BROKERAGE ADVISORY, COMMISSIONS AND OTHER FEES 
are earned for providing full-service and discount brokerage 
services predominantly to retail brokerage clients. These 
revenues include fees earned on asset-based and transactional 
accounts and other brokerage advisory services. 

Asset-based revenues are charged based on the market 

value of the client’s assets. The services associated with these 
revenues, which include investment advice, active management 
of client assets, or assistance with selecting and engaging a third-
party advisory manager, are generally performed over a month 
or quarter. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

255 

Note 20:  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (continued) 

Transactional revenues are based on the size and number of 

transactions executed at the client’s direction and are generally 
recognized on the trade date. 

TRUST AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT FEES are earned 
for providing trust, investment management and other related 
services. 

Trust services include acting as a trustee for corporate trust, 

personal trust, and agency assets. Obligations for trust services 
are generally satisfied over time but may be satisfied at points in 
time for certain activities that are transactional in nature. 
Investment management services include managing and 
administering assets, including mutual funds, and institutional 
separate accounts. Fees for these services are generally 
determined based on a tiered scale relative to the market value of 
assets under management (AUM). In addition to AUM, we have 
client assets under administration (AUA) that earn various 
administrative fees which are generally based on the extent of 
the services provided to administer the account. Services with 
AUM and AUA-based fees are generally performed over time. 

Other related services include the custody and safekeeping 

of accounts. 

INVESTMENT BANKING FEES are earned for services related 
to underwriting debt and equity securities, arranging loan 
syndications and performing other advisory services. Our 
performance obligation for these services is satisfied at closing of 
the transaction. 

 

CARD FEES include credit and debit card interchange and 
network revenues and various card-related fees. Card-related 
fees such as late fees, cash advance fees, and balance transfer 
fees are loan-related and excluded from the scope of the new 
revenue guidance. 

Credit and debit card interchange and network revenues are 
earned on credit and debit card transactions conducted through 
payment networks such as Visa, MasterCard, and American 
Express. Interchange income is recognized concurrently with the 
delivery of services on a daily basis. 

Interchange and network revenues are presented net of 

cardholder rewards and rebates. Cardholder rewards and rebates 
reduced card fee revenue by $1.2 billion, $1.0 billion, and 
$863 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 
2015, respectively. 

CASH NETWORK FEES are earned for processing ATM 
transactions. Our obligation is completed daily upon settlement 
of ATM transactions. 

COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE BROKERAGE COMMISSIONS 
are earned for assisting customers in the sale of real estate 
property. Revenue is recognized once the client has signed and 
accepted an offer for sale of the property, which is when our 
performance obligation is met. Fees are based on a fixed 
percentage of the sales price. 

WIRE TRANSFER AND OTHER REMITTANCE FEES consist of 
fees earned for funds transfer services and issuing cashier’s 
checks and money orders. The payment terms and pricing of the 
fees for each type of transaction are fixed and outlined in 
published fee schedules. Our obligation is satisfied at the time of 
the transaction processing. 

256 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 21:  Employee Benefits and Other Expenses 

Pension and Postretirement Plans 
We sponsor a frozen noncontributory qualified defined benefit 
retirement plan, the Wells Fargo & Company Cash Balance Plan 
(Cash Balance Plan), which covers eligible employees of Wells 
 
Fargo. The Cash Balance Plan was frozen on July 1, 2009, and no 
new benefits accrue after that date. 

Prior to July 1, 2009, eligible employees’ Cash Balance Plan 

accounts were allocated a compensation credit based on a 
percentage of their certified compensation; the freeze 
discontinued the allocation of compensation credits after 
June 30, 2009. Investment credits continue to be allocated to 
participants’ accounts based on their accumulated balances. 

We did not make a contribution to our Cash Balance Plan in 

2017. We do not expect that we will be required to make a 
contribution to the Cash Balance Plan in 2018; however, this is 
dependent on the finalization of the actuarial valuation in 2018. 
Our decision of whether to make a contribution in 2018 will be 
based on various factors including the actual investment 
performance of plan assets during 2018. Given these 
uncertainties, we cannot estimate at this time the amount, if any, 
that we will contribute in 2018 to the Cash Balance Plan. For the 
nonqualified pension plans and postretirement benefit plans, 
there is no minimum required contribution beyond the amount 
needed to fund benefit payments; we may contribute more to our 
postretirement benefit plans dependent on various factors. 
We sponsored the Pension and Life Assurance Plan of 
Wachovia Bank to employees in the United Kingdom (UK 

Pension Plan). In September 2017, an annuity contract was 
entered into that effected a full settlement of this UK Pension 
Plan, resulting in a plan settlement of $74 million and a 
settlement loss of $7 million. 

Our nonqualified defined benefit plans are unfunded and 

provide supplemental defined benefit pension benefits to certain 
eligible employees. The benefits under these plans were frozen in 
prior years. 

We provide health care and life insurance benefits for 

certain retired employees and we reserve the right to amend, 
modify or terminate any of the benefits at any time. In 
October 2016, the Wells Fargo & Company Retiree Plan (Retiree 
Plan), a postretirement plan, was amended and restated effective 
January 1, 2017. Significant changes included eliminating certain 
self-insured options and replacing these with a fully-insured 
Group Medicare Advantage Plan, and adjusting the retirement 
medical allowance and subsidy amounts to reflect the reduced 
Group Medicare Advantage Plan premiums. These changes 
resulted in a net prior service credit of $177 million that reduced 
the Retiree Plan obligation in 2016. 

The information set forth in the following tables is based on 

current actuarial reports using the measurement date of 
December 31 for our pension and postretirement benefit plans. 

Table 21.1 presents the changes in the benefit obligation and 
the fair value of plan assets, the funded status, and the amounts 
recognized on the balance sheet. 

 
Table 21.1:  Changes in Benefit Obligation and Fair Value of Plan Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Change in benefit obligation: 
Benefit obligation at beginning of year 

Service cost 
Interest cost 
Plan participants’ contributions 
Actuarial loss (gain) 
Benefits paid 
Medicare Part D subsidy 
Amendment 
Settlement 
Foreign exchange impact 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in plan assets: 
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 
Employer contribution 
Plan participants’ contributions 
Benefits paid 
Medicare Part D subsidy 
Settlement 
Foreign exchange impact 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Funded status at end of year 
Amounts recognized on the balance sheet at end of year: 

Liabilities 

$ 

$ 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

Other 
benefits 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

Other 
benefits 

$  10,774 
5 
412 
— 
634 
(651) 
— 
— 
(74) 
10 

11,110 

10,120 
1,253 
11 
— 
(651) 
— 
(74) 
8 

10,667 

(443) 

630 
— 
24 
— 
46 
(79) 
— 
— 
— 
— 

621 

— 
— 
79 
— 
(79) 
— 
— 
— 

— 

(621) 

(443) 

(621) 

Wells Fargo & Company 

731 
— 
28 
40 
(102) 
(88) 
1 
— 
— 
1 

611 

549 
56 
7 
40 
(88) 
1 
— 
— 

565 

(46) 

(46) 

10,673 
3 
422 
— 
336 
(649) 
— 
— 
— 
(11) 

10,774 

8,836 
642 
1,303 
— 
(649) 
— 
— 
(12) 

10,120 

(654) 

(654) 

647 
— 
26 
— 
9 
(52) 
— 
— 
— 
— 

630 

— 
— 
52 
— 
(52) 
— 
— 
— 

— 

(630) 

(630) 

1,002 
— 
39 
72 
(82) 
(132) 
9 
(177) 
— 
— 

731 

568 
30 
2 
72 
(132) 
9 
— 
— 

549 

(182) 

(182) 

257 

Note 21:  Employee Benefits and Other Expenses (continued) 

Table 21.2 provides information for pension plans with 

benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. 

Table 21.2:  Pension Plans with Benefit Obligations in Excess 
 
of Plan Assets 

  

(in millions) 
Projected benefit obligation 
Accumulated benefit obligation 
Fair value of plan assets 

Dec 31, 
2017 
$  11,721 
11,717 
10,656 

Dec 31, 
2016 
11,398 
11,395 
10,113 

Table 21.3 presents the components of net periodic benefit 

cost and other comprehensive income (OCI). 

Table 21.3:  Net Periodic Benefit Cost and Other Comprehensive Income 

  

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2015 

(in millions) 

Qualified  qualified  benefits  Qualified 

Pension benefits 
Non-

Other 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Other 

benefits  Qualified 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

$

Service cost 
Interest cost 
Expected return on plan assets 
Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) 
Amortization of prior service credit 
Settlement loss 
Curtailment gain 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Other changes in plan assets and 

benefit obligations recognized in 
other comprehensive income: 

Net actuarial loss (gain) 
Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) 
Prior service cost (credit) 
Amortization of prior service credit 
Settlement 
Total recognized in other 
comprehensive income 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit 

cost and other comprehensive 
income 

5 
412 
(652) 
148 
— 
7 
— 

(80) 

33 
(148) 
1 
— 
(8) 

—
24 
— 
11 
— 
6
—

41 

— 
28 
(30) 
(9) 
(10) 
— 
— 

(21) 

46 
(11) 

—
—
(6) 

(128) 
9 
— 
10 
— 

3
422 
(608) 
146 
— 
5 
— 

(32) 

302 
(146) 
— 
—
(5) 

(122) 

29 

(109) 

151 

—
26 
— 
12 
— 
2 
— 

40 

9 
(12) 

—
— 
(2) 

(5) 

— 
39
(30) 
(5) 
(2) 
— 
— 

2 

(82) 
5 
(177) 

2
— 

2
429 
(644) 
108 
— 
—
— 

(105) 

560 
(108) 
— 
—
—

(252) 

452 

—
25 
— 
18 
—
13
—

56 

(25) 
(18) 
— 
—

(13) 

(56) 

Other 
benefits 

6 
42 
(35) 
(4) 
(3) 
— 
(43) 

(37) 

(23) 
4 
18 
3 
— 

2 

$ 

(202) 

70 

(130) 

119 

35 

(250) 

347 

— 

(35) 

Table 21.4 provides the amounts recognized in cumulative 

OCI (pre tax). 

 
Table 21.4:  Benefits Recognized in Cumulative OCI 

  

(in millions) 

Net actuarial loss (gain) 
Net prior service credit 

Total 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

$ 

3,156 
— 

$ 

3,156 

192 
— 

192 

Other 
benefits 

(360) 
(166) 

(526) 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

3,279 
(1) 

3,278 

163 
— 

163 

Other 
benefits 

(242) 
(175) 

(417) 

The net actuarial loss for the defined benefit pension plans 

and other post retirement plans that will be amortized from 
cumulative OCI into net periodic benefit cost in 2018 is 
$127 million. The net prior service credit for other post 
retirement plans that will be amortized from cumulative OCI 
into net periodic benefit cost in 2018 is $10 million. 

258 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Plan Assumptions 
For additional information on our pension accounting 
assumptions, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies). Table 21.5 presents the weighted-average discount 
rates used to estimate the projected benefit obligation for 
pension benefits. 

 
Table 21.5:  Discount Rates Used to Estimate Projected Benefit Obligation 

  

Discount rate 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 
3.55 

Qualified 
3.65% 

Other 
benefits 
3.54 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 
4.00 

Qualified 
4.00 

Other 
benefits 
4.00 

Table 21.6 presents the weighted-average assumptions used 

to determine the net periodic benefit cost. 

 
Table 21.6:  Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost 

  

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2015 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

3.98% 
6.70 

3.93 
N/A 

Other 
benefits 

4.00 
5.75 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

3.99 
6.75 

4.11 
N/A 

Other 
benefits 

4.16 
5.75 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

4.00 
7.00 

3.60 
N/A 

Other 
benefits 

4.00 
6.00 

Discount rate (1) 
Expected return on plan assets 

(1)  The discount rate includes the impact of interim remeasurements as applicable. 

To account for postretirement health care plans we used 
health care cost trend rates to recognize the effect of expected 
changes in future health care costs due to medical inflation, 
utilization changes, new technology, regulatory requirements 
and Medicare cost shifting. In determining the end of year 
benefit obligation, we assumed an average annual increase of 
approximately 9.00% for health care costs in 2018. This rate is 
assumed to trend down 0.40%-0.70% per year until the trend 
rate reaches an ultimate rate of 4.50% in 2026. The 2017 
 
periodic benefit cost was determined using an initial annual 
trend rate of 8.90%. This rate was assumed to decrease 
0.50%-0.60% per year until the trend rate reached an ultimate 
rate of 4.50% in 2026. Increasing the assumed health care trend 
by one percentage point in each year would increase the benefit 
obligation as of December 31, 2017, by $13 million and the total 
of the interest cost and service cost components of the net 
periodic benefit cost for 2017 by $1 million. Decreasing the 
assumed health care trend by one percentage point in each year 
would decrease the benefit obligation as of December 31, 2017, 
by $11 million and the total of the interest cost and service cost 
components of the net periodic benefit cost for 2017 by 
$1 million. 

Investment Strategy and Asset Allocation 
We seek to achieve the expected long-term rate of return with a 
prudent level of risk given the benefit obligations of the pension 
plans and their funded status. Our overall investment strategy is 
designed to provide our Cash Balance Plan with long-term 
growth opportunities while ensuring that risk is mitigated 
through diversification across numerous asset classes and 
various investment strategies. We target the asset allocation for 
our Cash Balance Plan at a target mix range of 25%-45% 
 
equities, 45%-65% fixed income, and approximately 10% in real 
estate, venture capital, private equity and other investments. The 
Employee Benefit Review Committee (EBRC), which includes 
several members of senior management, formally reviews the 

investment risk and performance of our Cash Balance Plan on a 
quarterly basis. Annual Plan liability analysis and periodic asset/ 
liability evaluations are also conducted. 

Other benefit plan assets include (1) assets held in a 401(h) 
trust, which are invested with a target mix of 40%-60% for both 
equities and fixed income, and (2) assets held in the Retiree 
Medical Plan Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association 
(VEBA) trust, which are invested with a general target asset mix 
of 20%-40% equities and 60%-80% fixed income. Members of 
the EBRC formally review the investment risk and performance 
of these assets on a quarterly basis. 

Projected Benefit Payments 
Future benefits that we expect to pay under the pension and 
other benefit plans are presented in Table 21.7. 
 
 
Table 21.7:  Projected Benefit Payments 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023-2027 

Pension benefits 
Non-
qualified 

Qualified 

Other 
Benefits 

$ 

789 
797 
775 
774 
768 
3,426 

54 
52 
50 
49 
46 
206 

48 
48 
48 
47 
46 
205 

259 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 21:  Employee Benefits and Other Expenses (continued) 

Fair Value of Plan Assets 
Table 21.8 presents the balances of pension plan assets and other 
benefit plan assets measured at fair value. In accordance with 
accounting guidance that we adopted effective January 1, 2016, 
we do not classify an investment in the fair value hierarchy 
(Level 1, 2 or 3), if we use the non-published net asset value 
(NAV) per share (or its equivalent) that has been communicated 

to us as an investor as a practical expedient to measure fair 
value. We generally use NAV per share as the fair value 
measurement for certain investments, including some hedge 
funds and real estate holdings. Investments with published 
NAVs continue to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. See 
Note 17 (Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities) for fair value 
hierarchy level definitions. 

 
Table 21.8:  Pension and Other Benefit Plan Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Pension plan assets 

Carrying value at year end 

Other benefits plan assets 

December 31, 2017 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Long duration fixed income (1) 
Intermediate (core) fixed income (2) 
High-yield fixed income 
International fixed income 
Domestic large-cap stocks (3) 
Domestic mid-cap stocks 
Domestic small-cap stocks 
Global stocks (4) 
International stocks (5) 
Emerging market stocks 
Real estate 
Hedge funds/absolute return 
Other 

$ 

1 
875 
— 
— 
60 
825 
227 
224 
89 
542 
— 
157 
62 
—

234 
4,424 
255 
267 
223 
300 
133 
12 
391 
257 
305 
31 
28 
72 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
20 
— 
8

235 
5,299 
255 
267 
283 
1,125 
360 
236 
480 
799 
305 
208 
90 
80 

85 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
23 
— 
— 
— 
3 

Plan investments - excluding investments 

at NAV 

$  3,062 

6,932 

28 

10,022 

111 

Investments at NAV (6) 
Net receivables 

Total plan assets 

December 31, 2016 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Long duration fixed income (1) 
Intermediate (core) fixed income (2) 
High-yield fixed income 
International fixed income 
Domestic large-cap stocks (3) 
Domestic mid-cap stocks 
Domestic small-cap stocks 
Global stocks (4) 
International stocks (5) 
Emerging market stocks 
Real estate 
Hedge funds/absolute return 
Other 

$ 

4 
868 
— 
5 
54 
750 
205 
185 
90 
515 
— 
116 
59 
—

275 
4,023 
307 
258 
261 
316 
124 
12 
372 
221 
277 
1 
53 
77 

Plan investments - excluding investments at NAV  $  2,851 

6,577 

Investments at NAV (6) 
Net receivables 

Total plan assets 

594 
51 
$10,667 

279 
4,910 
307 
263 
315 
1,066 
329 
197 
462 
736 
277 
142 
112 
85 

9,480 

592 
48 
$  10,120 

— 
19 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
25 
— 
8

52 

103 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
21 
— 
— 
— 
3 

127 

23 
— 
185 
— 
— 
130 
34 
20 
— 
38 
— 
— 
— 
—

430 

5 
— 
98 
— 
— 
68 
18 
10 
— 
11 
— 
— 
— 
—

210 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
23

23 

— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
23

23 

108 
— 
185 
— 
— 
130 
34 
20 
— 
61 
— 
— 
— 
26 

564 

— 
1 
565 

108 
— 
98 
— 
— 
68 
18 
10 
— 
32 
— 
— 
— 
26 

360 

189 
— 
549 

(1)  This category includes a diversified mix of assets which are being managed in accordance with a duration target of approximately 10 years and an emphasis on corporate 

credit bonds combined with investments in U.S. Treasury securities and other U.S. agency and non-agency bonds. 

(2)  This category includes assets that are intermediate duration, investment grade bonds held in investment strategies benchmarked to the Bloomberg Barclays Capital U.S. 

Aggregate Bond Index, including U.S. Treasury securities, agency and non-agency asset-backed bonds and corporate bonds. 

(3)  This category covers a broad range of investment styles, including active, enhanced index and passive approaches, as well as style characteristics of value, core and growth 

emphasized strategies. Assets in this category are currently diversified across eight unique investment strategies with no single investment manager strategy representing 
more than 2.5% of total plan assets. 

(4)  This category consists of four unique investment strategies providing exposure to broadly diversified, global equity investments, which generally have an allocation of 

40-60% in U.S. domiciled equities and an equivalent allocation range in non-U.S. equities, with no single strategy representing more than 1.5% of total Plan assets. 

(5)  This category includes assets diversified across five unique investment strategies providing exposure to companies in developed market, non-U.S. countries with no single 

(6)  Consists of certain investments that are measured at fair value using NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are excluded from the fair value 

strategy representing more than 2.5% of total plan assets. 

hierarchy. 

260 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Table 21.9 presents the changes in Level 3 pension plan and 

other benefit plan assets measured at fair value. 

 
Table 21.9:  Fair Value Level 3 Pension and Other Benefit Plan Assets 

  

(in millions) 

Year ended December 31, 2017 
Pension plan assets: 

Long duration fixed income 
High-yield fixed income 
Real estate 
Other 

Total pension plan assets 

Other benefits plan assets: 

Other 

Total other benefit plan assets 

Year ended December 31, 2016 
Pension plan assets: 

Long duration fixed income 
High-yield fixed income 
Real estate 
Other 

Total pension plan assets 

Other benefits plan assets: 

Other 

Total other benefit plan assets 

Gains (losses) 

Balance 
beginning 
 of year 

Realized 

Unrealized (1) 

Purchases, 
sales 
and 
settlements 
(net) 

Transfers 
Into/ 
(Out of) 
 Level 3 

Balance 
end of 
 year 

$ 

$ 

$ 
$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

19 
— 
25 
8

52 

23 
23 

16 
4 
33 
8 

61 

23 

23 

— 
— 
(3) 
— 

(3) 

— 
— 

— 
— 
6 
— 

6 

1 

1 

— 
— 
5 
—

5 

— 
— 

— 
— 
(1) 
— 

(1) 

— 

— 

— 
— 
(4) 
—

(4) 

— 
— 

3 
(3) 
(13) 
— 

(13) 

(1) 

(1) 

(19) 
— 
(3) 
— 

(22) 

— 
— 

— 
(1) 
— 
— 

(1) 

— 

— 

— 
— 
20 
8 

28 

23 
23 

19 
— 
25 
8 

52 

23 

23 

(1)  All unrealized gains (losses) relate to instruments held at period end. 

VALUATION METHODOLOGIES  Following is a description of 
the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair 
value. 

  

Cash and Cash Equivalents – includes investments in 

collective investment funds valued at fair value based upon the 
fund’s NAV per share held at year-end. The NAV per share is 
quoted on a private market that is not active; however, the NAV 
per share is based on underlying investments traded on an active 
market. This group of assets also includes investments in 
registered investment companies valued at the NAV per share 
held at year-end and in interest-bearing bank accounts. 

Long Duration, Intermediate (Core), High-Yield, and 

International Fixed Income – includes investments traded on 
the secondary markets; prices are measured by using quoted 
market prices for similar securities, pricing models, and 
discounted cash flow analyses using significant inputs 
observable in the market where available, or a combination of 
multiple valuation techniques. This group of assets also includes 
highly liquid government securities such as U.S. Treasuries, 
limited partnerships valued at the NAV, registered investment 
companies and collective investment funds described above. 
Domestic, Global, International and Emerging Market 

Stocks – investments in exchange-traded equity securities are 
valued at quoted market values. This group of assets also 
includes investments in registered investment companies and 
collective investment funds described above. 

Real Estate – includes investments in real estate, which are 
valued at fair value based on an income capitalization valuation 
approach. Market values are estimates, and the actual market 
price of the real estate can only be determined by negotiation 
between independent third parties in sales transactions. This 
group of assets also includes investments in exchange-traded 
equity securities and collective investment funds described 
above. 

Hedge Funds / Absolute Return – includes investments in 

registered investment companies, limited partnerships and 
collective investment funds, as described above. 

Other – insurance contracts that are stated at cash 

surrender value. This group of assets also includes investments 
in collective investment funds described above. 

The methods described above may produce a fair value 

calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or 
reflective of future fair values. While we believe our valuation 
methods are appropriate and consistent with other market 
participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions 
to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could 
result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting 
date. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

261 

Note 21:  Employee Benefits and Other Expenses (continued) 

Defined Contribution Retirement Plans 
We sponsor a defined contribution retirement plan, the Wells 
Fargo & Company 401(k) Plan (401(k) Plan). Under the 401(k) 
Plan, after one month of service, eligible employees may 
contribute up to 50% of their certified compensation, subject to 
statutory limits. Eligible employees who complete one year of 
service are eligible for quarterly company matching 
contributions, which are generally dollar for dollar up to 6% of 
an employee’s eligible certified compensation. Matching 
contributions are 100% vested. The 401(k) Plan includes an 
employer discretionary profit sharing contribution feature to 
allow us to make a contribution to eligible employees’ 401(k) 
Plan accounts for a plan year. Eligible employees who complete 
one year of service are eligible for profit sharing contributions. 
Profit sharing contributions are vested after three years of 
service. Total defined contribution retirement plan expenses 
were $1.2 billion in both 2017 and 2016 and $1.1 billion in 2015. 

Other Expenses 
Table 21.10 presents expenses exceeding 1% of total interest 
income and noninterest income in any of the years presented 
that are not otherwise shown separately in the financial 
statements or Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 
Table 21.10:  Other Expenses 

  

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions) 

Operating losses 
Outside professional services 
Contract services 
Operating leases 
Cardholder rewards and rebates (1) 
Outside data processing 

2017 

$  5,492 
3,813 
1,369 
1,351 
1,201 
891 

2016 

1,608 
3,138 
1,203 
1,329 
1,047 
888 

2015 

1,871 
2,665 
978 
278 
863 
985 

(1)  Noninterest income from card fees is net of cardholder rewards and rebates 

expense. 

262 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 22:  Income Taxes 

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act (Tax Act) was 
enacted resulting in significant changes to both domestic tax law 
and the U.S taxation of foreign subsidiaries. While many 
provisions of the law became effective January 1, 2018, we were 
required to recognize various tax impacts of the Tax Act as of 
December 31, 2017, in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income 
Taxes and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin 118. Accordingly, our 
income tax expense for 2017 reflected $3.7 billion of net 
estimated tax benefits related to the Tax Act, primarily as a 
result of re-measuring our deferred taxes for the federal tax rate 
reduction from 35% to 21%. We used reasonable estimates and 
recorded provisional amounts as of December 31, 2017, when re-
measuring our deferred taxes. Our initial accounting related to 
the re-measurement is incomplete, since the temporary 
difference calculations need to be finalized as we complete our 
U.S. tax filing during 2018. We will collect and analyze the final 
temporary difference data and monitor any interpretations that 
may emerge for various provisions of the Tax Act throughout 
 
2018 and adjust our original estimate accordingly. 

Table 22.1 presents the components of income tax expense. 

 
Table 22.1:  Income Tax Expense 

  

(in millions) 

Current: 

Federal 
State and local 
Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 
Federal 
State and local 
Foreign 

Total deferred 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$  3,507 
561 
183 

4,251 

156 
564 
(54) 

666 

6,712 
1,395 
175 

8,282 

1,498 
296 
(1) 

1,793 

10,822 
1,669 
139 

12,630 

(2,047) 
(235) 
17 

(2,265) 

$  4,917 

10,075 

10,365 

The tax effects of our temporary differences that gave rise to 

significant portions of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are 
presented in Table 22.2. 

 
Table 22.2:  Net Deferred Tax Liability 

  

(in millions) 
Deferred tax assets 

Allowance for loan losses 
Deferred compensation and employee 

benefits 

Accrued expenses 
PCI loans 
Net unrealized losses on investment 

securities 

Net operating loss and tax credit carry 

forwards 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax assets valuation 
allowance 
Deferred tax liabilities 

Mortgage servicing rights 
Leasing 
Mark to market, net 
Intangible assets 
Net unrealized gains on investment 

securities 

Insurance reserves 
Other 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$ 

2,816 

2,377 
722 
1,057 

— 

341 
409 

7,722 

4,374 

4,045 
1,022 
1,762 

707 

391 
1,307 

13,608 

(397) 

(280) 

(3,421) 
(4,084) 
(5,816) 
(539) 

(55) 
(750) 
(821) 

(5,292) 
(4,522) 
(5,511) 
(1,001) 

— 
(1,588) 
(2,465) 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

(15,486) 

(20,379) 

Net deferred tax liability (1)  $ 

(8,161) 

(7,051) 

(1)  The net deferred tax liability is included in accrued expenses and other 

liabilities. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

263 

Note 22:  Income Taxes (continued) 

Deferred taxes related to net unrealized gains (losses) on 

investment securities, net unrealized gains (losses) on 
derivatives, foreign currency translation, and employee benefit 
plan adjustments are recorded in cumulative OCI (see Note 24 
(Other Comprehensive Income)). These associated adjustments 
decreased OCI by $434 million in 2017. OCI was not adjusted to 
reflect a $400 million impact of the Tax Act recognized in 2017 
tax expense for the re-measurement of deferred tax assets 
related to the items recorded in OCI. In 2018, we expect to adopt 
ASU 2018-02 – Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive 
Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects 
from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, and reclassify 
the $400 million from OCI to retained earnings. 

We have determined that a valuation reserve is required for 
2017 in the amount of $397 million predominantly attributable 
to deferred tax assets in various state and foreign jurisdictions 
where we believe it is more likely than not that these deferred tax 
assets will not be realized. In these jurisdictions, carry back 
limitations, lack of sources of taxable income, and tax planning 
strategy limitations contributed to our conclusion that the 
deferred tax assets would not be realizable. We have concluded 
that it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax 
assets will be realized based on our history of earnings, sources 
of taxable income in carry back periods, and our ability to 
implement tax planning strategies. 

At December 31, 2017, we had net operating loss carry 

forwards with related deferred tax assets of $341 million. If these 

 
Table 22.3:  Effective Income Tax Expense and Rate 

  

carry forwards are not utilized, they will expire in varying 
amounts through 12/31/2037. 

As a result of the deemed mandatory repatriation provision 

in the Tax Act, we included an estimated $4.0 billion of 
undistributed foreign earnings in taxable income and recognized 
an associated $173 million of net income tax expense. We were 
able to reasonably estimate our foreign earnings and profits 
calculations as of December 31, 2017, and will finalize these 
calculations in 2018 as we complete our tax filings and our 
analysis of the new provisions of the Tax Act. We do not intend 
to distribute these foreign earnings in a taxable manner, and 
therefore intend to limit distributions to foreign earnings 
previously taxed in the U.S., that would qualify for the 100% 
dividends received deduction, and that would not result in any 
significant state or foreign taxes. All other undistributed foreign 
earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested outside the 
U.S. and the related tax liability on these earnings is 
insignificant. 

Table 22.3 reconciles the statutory federal income tax 

expense and rate to the effective income tax expense and rate. 
Our effective tax rate is calculated by dividing income tax 
expense by income before income tax expense less the net 
income from noncontrolling interests. 

(in millions) 

Statutory federal income tax expense and rate 
Change in tax rate resulting from: 

State and local taxes on income, net of federal income tax 

benefit 

Tax-exempt interest 
Tax credits 
 Non-deductible accruals 
 Tax reform 
Other 

Amount 

2017 

Rate 

Amount 

2016 

Rate 

Amount 

2015 

Rate 

$  9,485 

35.0%  $  11,204 

35.0%  $  11,641 

35.0% 

December 31, 

926 
(812) 
(1,419) 
1,320 
(3,713) 
(870) 

3.4 
(3.0) 
(5.2) 
4.9 
(13.7) 
(3.3) 

1,004 
(725) 
(1,251) 
81 
—

(238) 

3.1 
(2.2) 
(3.9) 
0.3 
— 
(0.8) 

1,025 
(641) 
(1,108) 
25 
—

(577) 

3.1 
(1.9) 
(3.3)
0.1
— 
(1.8) 

Effective income tax expense and rate 

$  4,917 

18.1%  $  10,075 

31.5%  $  10,365 

31.2% 

The effective income tax rate for 2017 reflected the 
estimated impact of the Tax Act, including a benefit of 
$3.9 billion resulting from the re-measurement of the 
Company's estimated net deferred tax liability as of December 
31, 2017, partially offset by $173 million of tax expense relating 
to the estimated tax impact of the deemed repatriation of the 
Company's previously undistributed foreign earnings. The 
effective tax rate was also adversely impacted by $1.3 billion tax 
expense relating to discrete non tax-deductible items 
(predominantly litigation accruals). The effective income tax rate 
for 2016 included net reductions in reserves for uncertain tax 
positions resulting from settlements with tax authorities, 
partially offset by a net increase in tax benefits related to tax 
 
credit investments. The effective income tax rate for 2015 
included net reductions in reserves for uncertain tax positions 
primarily due to audit resolutions of prior period matters with 
U.S. federal and state taxing authorities. 

264 

Wells Fargo & Company 

We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income 
tax in numerous state and foreign jurisdictions. We are routinely 
examined by tax authorities in these various jurisdictions. The 
IRS is currently examining the 2011 through 2014 consolidated 
federal income tax returns of Wells Fargo & Company and its 
subsidiaries. In addition, we are currently subject to examination 
by various state, local and foreign taxing authorities. With few 
exceptions, Wells Fargo and its subsidiaries are not subject to 
federal, state, local and foreign income tax examinations for 
taxable years prior to 2007. 

We are litigating or appealing various issues related to prior 

IRS examinations for the periods 2003 through 2010. For the 
2003 through 2006 periods, we have paid the IRS the contested 
income tax and interest associated with these issues and refund 
claims have been filed for the respective years. It is possible that 
one or more of these examinations, appeals or litigation may be 
resolved within the next twelve months resulting in a decrease of 
up to $1.0 billion to our gross unrecognized tax benefits. 

Table 22.4 presents the change in unrecognized tax benefits. 

 
Table 22.4:  Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits 

  

(in millions) 

Balance at beginning of year 
Additions: 

For tax positions related to the current 

year 

For tax positions related to prior years 

Reductions: 

For tax positions related to prior years 
Lapse of statute of limitations 
Settlements with tax authorities 

Year ended 
December 31, 

2017 

$ 

5,029 

2016 

4,806 

367 
158 

(319) 
(48) 
(20) 

284 
177 

(127) 
(27) 
(84) 

Balance at end of year 

$ 

5,167 

5,029 

Of the $5.2 billion of unrecognized tax benefits at 

December 31, 2017, approximately $3.5 billion would, if 
recognized, affect the effective tax rate. The remaining 
$1.7 billion of unrecognized tax benefits relates to income tax 
positions on temporary differences. 

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized 

tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we have accrued approximately 
$726 million and $589 million for the payment of interest and 
penalties, respectively. In 2017, we recognized in income tax 
expense a net tax expense related to interest and penalties of 
$96 million. In 2016, we recognized in income tax expense a net 
tax expense related to interest and penalties of $136 million. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

265 

Note 23:  Earnings Per Common Share 

Table 23.1 shows earnings per common share and diluted 
earnings per common share and reconciles the numerator and 
denominator of both earnings per common share calculations. 
See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for 

discussion of private share repurchases and the Consolidated 
Statement of Changes in Equity and Note 19 (Common Stock 
and Stock Plans) for information about stock and options 
activity and terms and conditions of warrants. 

$ 

$ 

$ 

2017 

22,183 
1,629 

20,554 

4,964.6 
4.14 

4,964.6 
17.1 
24.7 
10.9 

5,017.3 

$ 

4.10 

Year ended December 31, 

2016 

21,938 
1,565 

20,373 

5,052.8 
4.03 

5,052.8 
18.9 
25.9 
10.7 

5,108.3 

3.99 

2015 

22,894 
1,424 

21,470 

5,136.5 
4.18 

5,136.5 
26.7 
32.8 
13.8 

5,209.8 

4.12 

 
Table 23.1:  Earnings Per Common Share Calculations 

  

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Wells Fargo net income 
Less: Preferred stock dividends and other 

Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock (numerator) 

Earnings per common share 
Average common shares outstanding (denominator) 
Per share 

Diluted earnings per common share 
Average common shares outstanding 
Add:  Stock options 

Restricted share rights 
Warrants 

Diluted average common shares outstanding (denominator) 

Per share 

Table 23.2 presents the outstanding options to purchase 
shares of common stock that were anti-dilutive (the exercise 
price was higher than the weighted-average market price), and 
therefore not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per 
common share. 

 
Table 23.2:  Outstanding Anti-Dilutive Options 

  

(in millions) 

Options 

Weighted-average shares 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

1.9 

2016 

3.2 

2015 

5.7 

266 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 24:  Other Comprehensive Income 

Table 24.1 provides the components of other comprehensive 
income (OCI), reclassifications to net income by income 
statement line item, and the related tax effects. 

 
Table 24.1:  Summary of Other Comprehensive Income 

  

(in millions) 
Investment securities: 
Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the 

period 

Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net 

income: 
Interest income on investment securities (1) 

Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Other noninterest income 

Subtotal reclassifications to net income 

Net change 

Derivatives and hedging activities: 
Fair Value Hedges: 

Change in fair value of excluded 

components on fair value hedges (3) 

Cash Flow Hedges: 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during 

the period on cash flow hedges 

Reclassification of net (gains) losses to net 

income on cash flow hedges: 
Interest income on investment securities 
Interest income on loans 
Interest expense on long-term debt 

Subtotal reclassifications

 to net income 
Net change 

Defined benefit plans adjustments: 
Net actuarial and prior service gains (losses) 

arising during the period 

Reclassification of amounts to net periodic 

benefit costs (2): 
Amortization of net actuarial loss 
Settlements and other 

Subtotal reclassifications to net periodic 

benefit costs 
Net change 

Foreign currency translation adjustments: 
Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the 

period 

Reclassification of net gains to net income: 

Net gains from equity investments 

Subtotal reclassifications

 to net income 
Net change 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) from 

noncontrolling interests, net of tax 
Wells Fargo other comprehensive income 

(loss), net of tax 

Before 
tax 

Tax 
effect 

2017 
Net of 
tax 

Before 
tax 

Tax 
effect 

2016 
Net of 
tax 

Year ended December 31, 
2015 
Net of 
tax 

Tax 
effect 

Before 
tax 

$  2,719 

(1,056) 

1,663 

(3,458) 

1,302 

(2,156) 

(3,318) 

1,237 

(2,081) 

198 
(479) 
(456) 

—

(737) 
1,982 

(75) 
181 
172 
—
278 
(778) 

123 
(298) 
(284) 
— 
(459) 
1,204 

7 
(942) 
(300) 
(5) 
(1,240) 
(4,698) 

(3) 
355 
113 
2 
467 
1,769 

4 
(587) 
(187) 
(3) 
(773) 
(2,929) 

(1) 
(952) 
(571) 
(6) 
(1,530) 
(4,848) 

— 
356 
213 
3 
572 
1,809 

(1) 
(596) 
(358) 
(3) 
(958) 
(3,039) 

(253) 

95 

(158) 

—

—

—

—

—

— 

(287) 

108 

(179) 

177 

(67) 

110 

1,549 

(584) 

965 

—

(551) 
8 

(543) 
(1,083) 

—
208 
(3) 

205 
408 

— 
(343) 
5 

— 
(1,043) 
14 

(338) 
(675) 

(1,029) 
(852) 

— 
393 
(5) 

388 
321 

—

(650) 
9 

(641) 
(531) 

(3) 
(1,103) 
17 

(1,089) 
460 

1
416 
(6) 

411 
(173) 

(2) 
(687) 
11 

(678) 
287 

49 

(12) 

37 

(52) 

(40) 

(92) 

(512) 

193 

(319) 

150 
3

153 
202 

96 

—

—
96 
$  1,197 

(57) 

2

(55) 
(67) 

93 
5 

98 
135 

153 
5 

158 
106 

3

—

—
3

(434) 

99 

(3) 

— 

— 
(3) 
(5,447) 

— 

— 
99 
763 

(62) 

$  825 

(57) 
(1) 

(58) 
(98) 

4 

— 

96 
4 

100 
8 

122 
(8) 

114 
(398) 

(46) 
3 

(43) 
150 

76 
(5) 

71 
(248) 

1 

(137) 

(12) 

(149) 

— 

(5) 

— 

(5) 

— 
4 
1,996 

— 
1 
(3,451) 

(5) 
(142) 
(4,928) 

— 
(12) 
1,774 

(5) 
(154) 
(3,154) 

(17) 

(3,434) 

67 

(3,221) 

(1)  Represents net unrealized gains and losses amortized over the remaining lives of securities that were transferred from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-

maturity portfolio. 

Expenses) for additional details). 

(2)  These items are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost, which is recorded in employee benefits expense (see Note 21 (Employee Benefits and Other 

(3)  Represents changes in fair value of cross-currency swaps attributable to changes in cross-currency basis spreads, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge 

effectiveness and recorded in other comprehensive income. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

267 

Note 24:  Other Comprehensive Income (continued) 

Table 24.2 provides the cumulative OCI balance activity on 

an after-tax basis. 

 
Table 24.2:  Cumulative OCI Balances 

  

(in millions) 

Balance, December 31, 2014 

$ 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive 
income 

Net change 
Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) from noncontrolling 

interests 

Balance, December 31, 2015 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive 
income 

Net change 
Less: Other comprehensive loss from noncontrolling interests 

Balance, December 31, 2016 

Transition adjustment (1) 

Balance, January 1, 2017 

Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other 
comprehensive income 

Net change 
Less: Other comprehensive income (loss) from 

noncontrolling interests 

Balance, December 31, 2017 

$ 

Investment 
securities 

Derivatives 
and 
hedging 
activities 

Defined 
benefit 
plans 
adjustments 

Foreign 
currency 
 translation 
adjustments 

Cumulative 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 

4,926 
(2,081) 

(958) 

(3,039) 

74 

1,813 
(2,156) 

(773) 

(2,929) 
(17) 

(1,099) 
— 
(1,099) 
1,663 

(459) 

1,204 

(66) 

171 

333 
965 

(678) 

287 

— 

620 
110 

(641) 

(531) 
— 

89 
168 
257 
(337) 

(338) 

(675) 

— 

(1,703) 
(319) 

71 

(248) 

— 

(1,951) 
(92) 

100 

8 
— 

(1,943) 
— 
(1,943) 
37 

98 

135 

— 

(38) 
(149) 

(5) 

(154) 

(7) 

(185) 
1 

— 

1 
— 

(184) 
— 
(184) 
99 

— 

99 

4 

(418) 

(1,808) 

(89) 

3,518 
(1,584) 

(1,570) 

(3,154) 

67 

297 
(2,137) 

(1,314) 

(3,451) 
(17) 

(3,137) 
168 
(2,969) 
1,462 

(699) 

763 

(62) 

(2,144) 

(1)  Transition adjustment relates to the adoption of ASU 2017-12, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. See 

Note 1 for more information. 

268 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Wealth and Investment Management provides a full range 
of personalized wealth management, investment and retirement 
products and services to clients across U.S. based businesses 
including Wells Fargo Advisors, The Private Bank, Abbot 
Downing, Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust, and 
Wells Fargo Asset Management. We deliver financial planning, 
private banking, credit, investment management and fiduciary 
services to high-net worth and ultra-high-net worth individuals 
and families. We also serve clients' brokerage needs, supply 
retirement and trust services to institutional clients and provide 
investment management capabilities delivered to global 
institutional clients through separate accounts and the 
Wells Fargo Funds. 

 

Other includes the elimination of certain items that are 
included in more than one business segment, substantially all of 
which represents products and services for Wealth and 
Investment Management customers served through Community 
Banking distribution channels. 

Note 25:  Operating Segments 

We have three reportable operating segments: Community 
Banking; Wholesale Banking; and Wealth and Investment 
Management (WIM). We define our operating segments by 
product type and customer segment and their results are based 
on our management accounting process, for which there is no 
comprehensive, authoritative guidance equivalent to GAAP for 
financial accounting. The management accounting process 
measures the performance of the operating segments based on 
our management structure and is not necessarily comparable 
with similar information for other financial services companies. 
If the management structure and/or the allocation process 
changes, allocations, transfers and assignments may change. 

Community Banking offers a complete line of diversified 
financial products and services to consumers and small 
businesses with annual sales generally up to $5 million in which 
the owner generally is the financial decision maker. These 
financial products and services include checking and savings 
accounts, credit and debit cards, and automobile, student, 
mortgage, home equity and small business lending, as well as 
referrals to Wholesale Banking and WIM business partners. 

Community Banking serves customers through a complete 
range of channels, including traditional and in-supermarket and 
other small format branches, ATMs, digital (online, mobile, and 
social), and contact centers (phone, email and correspondence). 
 
The Community Banking segment also includes the results 
of our Corporate Treasury activities net of allocations (including 
funds transfer pricing, capital, liquidity and certain corporate 
expenses) in support of other segments and results of 
investments in our affiliated venture capital partnerships. 
 
Wholesale Banking provides financial solutions to businesses 
across the United States with annual sales generally in excess of 
$5 million and to financial institutions globally. Wholesale 
Banking provides a complete line of business banking, 
commercial, corporate, capital markets, cash management and 
real estate banking products and services. These include 
traditional commercial loans and lines of credit, letters of credit, 
asset-based lending, equipment leasing, international trade 
facilities, trade financing, collection services, foreign exchange 
services, treasury management, merchant payment processing, 
institutional fixed-income sales, interest rate, commodity and 
equity risk management, online/electronic products such as the 
Commercial Electronic Office® (CEO®) portal, corporate trust 
fiduciary and agency services, and investment banking services. 
Wholesale Banking also supports the CRE market with products 
and services such as construction loans for commercial and 
residential development, land acquisition and development 
loans, secured and unsecured lines of credit, interim financing 
arrangements for completed structures, rehabilitation loans, 
affordable housing loans and letters of credit, permanent loans 
for securitization, CRE loan servicing and real estate and 
mortgage brokerage services. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

269 

Note 25:  Operating Segments (continued) 

Table 25.1 presents our results by operating segment. 

 
Table 25.1:  Operating Segments 

  

(income/expense in millions, average balances in billions) 

2017 
Net interest income (2) 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Noninterest income 
Noninterest expense 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 
Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests 
Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) (3) 

2016 
Net interest income (2) 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Noninterest income 
Noninterest expense 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 
Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests 
Less: Net income (loss) from noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) (3) 

2015 
Net interest income (2) 
Provision (reversal of provision) for credit losses 
Noninterest income 
Noninterest expense 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 
Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) before noncontrolling interests 
Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) (3) 

2017 
Average loans 
Average assets 
Average deposits 
2016 
Average loans 
Average assets 
Average deposits 

Community 
Banking 

Wholesale 
Banking 

Wealth and 
Investment 
Management 

Other (1) 

Consolidated
 Company 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

$ 

30,365 
2,555 
18,342 
32,478 

13,674 
1,327 

12,347 
276 

12,071 

29,833 
2,691 
19,033 
27,422 

18,753 
6,182 

12,571 
136 

12,435 

29,242 
2,427 
20,099 
26,981 

19,933 
6,202 

13,731 
240 

13,491 

476.7 
984.2 
729.3 

486.9 
977.3 
701.2 

16,967 
(19) 
11,206 
16,755 

11,437 
2,753 

8,684 
(15) 

8,699 

16,052 
1,073 
12,490 
16,126 

11,343 
3,136 

8,207 
(28) 

8,235 

14,350 
27 
11,554 
14,116 

11,761 
3,424 

8,337 
143 

8,194 

464.6 
821.8 
464.5 

449.3 
782.0 
438.6 

4,493 
(5) 
12,433 
12,631 

4,300 
1,610 

2,690 
16 

2,674 

3,913 
(5) 
12,033 
12,059 

3,892 
1,467 

2,425 
(1) 

2,426 

3,478 
(25) 
12,299 
12,067 

3,735 
1,420 

2,315 
(1) 

2,316 

71.9 
214.4 
189.0 

67.3 
211.5 
187.8 

(2,268) 
(3) 
(3,149) 
(3,380) 

(2,034) 
(773) 

(1,261) 
— 

(1,261) 

(2,044) 
11 
(3,043) 
(3,230) 

(1,868) 
(710) 

(1,158) 
— 

(1,158) 

(1,769) 
13 
(3,196) 
(3,190) 

(1,788) 
(681) 

(1,107) 
— 

(1,107) 

(57.1) 
(87.4) 
(78.2) 

(53.5) 
(85.4) 
(77.0) 

49,557 
2,528 
38,832 
58,484 

27,377 
4,917 

22,460 
277 

22,183 

47,754 
3,770 
40,513 
52,377 

32,120 
10,075 

22,045 
107 

21,938 

45,301 
2,442 
40,756 
49,974 

33,641 
10,365 

23,276 
382 

22,894 

956.1 
1,933.0 
1,304.6 

950.0 
1,885.4 
1,250.6 

(1) 

Includes the elimination of certain items that are included in more than one business segment, most of which represents products and services for Wealth and Investment 
Management customers served through Community Banking distribution channels. 

(2)  Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on assets and the cost of liabilities to fund those assets. Interest earned includes actual interest earned on 

segment assets and, if the segment has excess liabilities, interest credits for providing funding to other segments. The cost of liabilities includes interest expense on 
segment liabilities and, if the segment does not have enough liabilities to fund its assets, a funding charge based on the cost of excess liabilities from another segment. 

(3)  Represents segment net income (loss) for Community Banking; Wholesale Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management segments and Wells Fargo net income for the 

consolidated company. 

270 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Note 26:  Parent-Only Financial Statements 

The following tables present Parent-only condensed financial 
statements. 

 
Table 26.1:  Parent-Only Statement of Income 

  

(in millions) 

Income 
Dividends from subsidiaries (1) 
Interest income from subsidiaries 
Other interest income 
Other income 

Total income 

Expense 
Interest expense: 

Indebtedness to nonbank subsidiaries 
Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other 

Noninterest expense 

Total expense 

Income before income tax benefit and 

equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Income tax benefit 
Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

$ 

20,746 
1,984 
146 
1,238 

24,114 

189 
— 
3,595 
5 
1,888 

5,677 

18,437 
(319) 
3,427 

22,183 

12,776 
1,615 
155 
177 

14,723 

387 
—
2,619 
19 
1,300 

4,325 

10,398 
(1,152) 
10,388 

21,938 

14,346 
907 
199 
576 

16,028 

325 
1 
1,784 
4 
932 

3,046 

12,982 
(870) 
9,042 

22,894 

(1) 

Includes dividends paid from indirect bank subsidiaries of $17.9 billion, $12.5 billion and $13.8 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Wells Fargo & Company 

271 

Note 26:  Parent-Only Financial Statements (continued) 

 
Table 26.2:  Parent-Only Statement of Comprehensive Income 

  

(in millions) 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Investment securities 
Derivatives and hedging activities 
Defined benefit plans adjustment 
Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Total comprehensive income 

 
Table 26.3:  Parent-Only Balance Sheet 

  

2017 

$ 

22,183 

94 
(158) 
118 
771 

825 

$ 

23,008 

(in millions) 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents due from: 

Subsidiary banks 
Nonaffiliates 

Investment securities issued by: 

Subsidiary banks 
Nonaffiliates 

Loans to subsidiaries: 

Bank 
Nonbank 

Investments in subsidiaries (1) 
Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and equity 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
Long-term debt 
Indebtedness to nonbank subsidiaries 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders’ equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

Year ended December 31, 

2016 

21,938 

(76) 

—

(20) 
(3,338) 

(3,434) 

18,504 

2015 

22,894 

52 
— 
(254) 
(3,019) 

(3,221) 

19,673 

Dec 31, 
2017 

Dec 31, 
2016 

$ 

23,180 
1 

— 
18 

— 
138,681 
206,367 
7,156 

$ 

375,403 

7,902 
146,130 
14,435 

168,467 

206,936 

$ 

375,403 

36,657 
3 

15,009 
9,271 

54,937 
41,343 
201,550 
6,750 

365,520 

7,064 
133,920 
24,955 

165,939 

199,581 

365,520 

(1)  The years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016, include indirect ownership of bank subsidiaries with equity of $170.5 billion and $159.5 billion, respectively. 

272 

Wells Fargo & Company 

 
Table 26.4:  Parent-Only Statement of Cash Flows 

  

(in millions) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net cash provided by operating activities (1) 

Cash flows from investing activities: 
Available-for-sale securities: 

Sales proceeds:

 Subsidiary banks 
 Nonaffiliates 

Prepayments and maturities:

 Subsidiary banks 

Purchases: 

Subsidiary banks 
Nonaffiliates 

Loans: 

Net repayments from (advances to) subsidiaries 
Capital notes and term loans made to subsidiaries 
Principal collected on notes/loans made to subsidiaries 

Net increase in investment in subsidiaries 
Other, net 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 
Net increase in short-term borrowings and indebtedness to subsidiaries 
Long-term debt: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Repayment 

Preferred stock: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Cash dividends paid 

Common stock: 

Proceeds from issuance 
Stock tendered for payment of withholding taxes (1) 
Repurchased 
Cash dividends paid 

Other, net 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

Net change in cash and due from banks 

Cash and due from banks at beginning of year 

Cash and due from banks at end of year 

(1)  Prior periods have been revised to conform to the current period presentation. 

Year ended December 31, 

2017 

2016 

2015 

$ 

22,359 

10,652 

13,469 

8,658 
9,226 

— 
5,472 

10,250 

15,000 

(3,900) 
— 

(35,876) 
(73,729) 
69,286 
(2,029) 
113 

(18,001) 

(15,000) 
(6,544) 

3,174 
(32,641) 
15,164 
(606) 
18 

(15,963) 

—
5,345 

7,750 

(12,750) 
(2,709) 

460 
(29,860) 
301 
(1,283) 
714 

(32,032) 

(8,685) 

789 

2,084 

22,217 
(13,709) 

677 
(1,629) 

1,211 
(393) 
(9,908) 
(7,480) 
(138) 

(17,837) 

(13,479) 
36,660 

$ 

23,181 

34,362 
(15,096) 

2,101 
(1,566) 

1,415 
(494) 
(8,116) 
(7,472) 
(118) 

5,805 

494 
36,166 

36,660 

31,487 
(9,194) 

2,972 
(1,426) 

1,726 
(679) 
(8,697) 
(7,400) 
10 

10,883 

(7,680) 
43,846 

36,166 

Wells Fargo & Company 

273 

Note 27:  Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements 

The Company and each of its subsidiary banks are subject to 
regulatory capital adequacy requirements promulgated by 
federal bank regulatory agencies. The Federal Reserve 
establishes capital requirements for the consolidated financial 
holding company, and the OCC has similar requirements for the 
Company’s national banks, including Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
(the Bank). 

Table 27.1 presents regulatory capital information for Wells 
Fargo & Company and the Bank using Basel III, which increased 
minimum required capital ratios, and introduced a minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio. We must report the lower of 
our CET1, tier 1 and total capital ratios calculated under the 
Standardized Approach and under the Advanced Approach in 
the assessment of our capital adequacy. The information 
presented reflects risk-weighted assets (RWAs) under the 
Standardized and Advanced Approaches with Transition 
Requirements. The Standardized Approach applies assigned risk 
weights to broad risk categories, while the calculation of RWAs 
under the Advanced Approach differs by requiring applicable 

 
Table 27.1:  Regulatory Capital Information 

  

banks to utilize a risk-sensitive methodology, which relies upon 
the use of internal credit models, and includes an operational 
risk component. The Basel III revised definition of capital, and 
changes are being phased-in effective January 1, 2014, through 
the end of 2021. 

The Bank is an approved seller/servicer of mortgage loans 

and is required to maintain minimum levels of shareholders’ 
equity, as specified by various agencies, including the United 
States Department of Housing and Urban Development, GNMA, 
FHLMC and FNMA. At December 31, 2017, the Bank met these 
requirements. Other subsidiaries, including the Company’s 
insurance and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are also subject to 
various minimum capital levels, as defined by applicable 
industry regulations. The minimum capital levels for these 
subsidiaries, and related restrictions, are not significant to our 
consolidated operations. 
 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2017 

December 31, 2016 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

Advanced 
Approach 

Standardized 
Approach 

Advanced 
Approach 

Standardized 
Approach 

Advanced 
Approach 

Standardized 
Approach 

Advanced 
Approach 

Standardized 
Approach 

(in millions, except ratios) 

Regulatory capital: 

Common equity tier 1 

$  154,765 

Tier 1 

Total 

Assets: 

178,209 

210,333 

154,765 

178,209 

220,097 

Risk-weighted 

$ 1,199,545 

1,260,663 

Adjusted average (1) 

1,905,568 

1,905,568 

148,785 

171,364 

204,425 

1,274,589 

1,914,802 

148,785 

171,364 

214,877 

143,292 

143,292 

156,661 

143,292 

143,292 

165,734 

132,225 

132,225 

145,665 

132,225 

132,225 

155,281 

1,336,198 

1,090,360 

1,169,863 

1,143,681 

1,222,876 

1,914,802 

1,708,828 

1,708,828 

1,714,524 

1,714,524 

Regulatory capital 

ratios: 

Common equity tier 1 

capital 

Tier 1 capital 

Total capital 

Tier 1 leverage (1) 

12.90% 

14.86 

17.53 

9.35 

12.28  * 

14.14  * 

17.46  * 

9.35 

11.67 

13.44 

16.04  * 

8.95 

11.13  * 

12.82  * 

16.08 

8.95 

13.14 

13.14 

14.37 

8.39 

12.25  * 

12.25  * 

14.17  * 

8.39 

11.56 

11.56 

12.74 

7.71 

10.81  * 

10.81  * 

12.70  * 

7.71 

*Denotes the lowest capital ratio as determined under the Advanced and Standardized Approaches. 
(1)  The leverage ratio consists of Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average total assets, excluding goodwill and certain other items. 

Table 27.2 presents the minimum required regulatory 
capital ratios under Transition Requirements to which the 
Company and the Bank were subject as of December 31, 2017, 
and December 31, 2016. 

 
Table 27.2:  Minimum Required Regulatory Capital Ratios – Transition Requirements (1) 

  

  

Regulatory capital ratios: 
Common equity tier 1 capital 
Tier 1 capital 
Total capital 
Tier 1 leverage 

December 31, 2017 

Wells Fargo & Company 
December 31, 2016 

December 31, 2017 

  

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
December 31, 2016 

6.750% 
8.250 
10.250 
4.000 

5.625 
7.125 
9.125 
4.000 

5.750 
7.250 
9.250 
4.000 

5.125 
6.625 
8.625 
4.000 

(1)  At December 31, 2017, under transition requirements, the CET1, tier 1 and total capital minimum ratio requirements for Wells Fargo & Company include a capital 

conservation buffer of 1.250% and a global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge of 1.000%. Only the 1.250% capital conservation buffer applies to the Bank at 
December 31, 2017. 

274 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Stockholders and Board of Directors 
Wells Fargo & Company: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wells Fargo & Company and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows 
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial 
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the 
Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year 
period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), 
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report 
dated March 1, 2018, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and 
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules 
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit 
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to 
error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, 
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included 
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation 
of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 

 

 
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1931. 

San Francisco, California 
March 1, 2018 

Wells Fargo & Company 

275 

Quarterly Financial Data 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income - Quarterly (Unaudited) 

(in millions, except per share amounts) 

Dec 31, 

Sep 30, 

2017 
Quarter ended 
Jun 30,  Mar 31, 

Dec 31, 

Sep 30, 

2016 
Quarter ended 
Mar 31, 

Jun 30, 

Interest income (1) 

Interest expense (1) 

Net interest income (1) 

Provision for credit losses 

$14,958 

15,044 

14,694 

14,213 

14,058 

13,487 

13,146 

12,972 

2,645 

2,595 

2,223 

1,889 

1,656 

1,535 

1,413 

1,305 

12,313 

12,449 

12,471 

12,324 

12,402 

11,952 

11,733 

11,667 

651 

717 

555 

605 

805 

805 

1,074 

1,086 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

11,662 

11,732 

11,916 

11,719 

11,597 

11,147 

10,659 

10,581 

Noninterest income 
Service charges on deposit accounts 
Trust and investment fees 
Card fees 
Other fees 
Mortgage banking 
Insurance 
Net gains (losses) from trading activities 
Net gains on debt securities 
Net gains from equity investments 
Lease income 
Other (1) 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 
Salaries 
Commission and incentive compensation 
Employee benefits 
Equipment 
Net occupancy 
Core deposit and other intangibles 
FDIC and other deposit assessments 
Other 

1,246 
3,687 
996 
913 
928 
223 
132 
157 
439 
458 
558 

9,737 

4,403 
2,665 
1,293 
608 
715 
288 
312 
6,516 

1,276 
3,609 
1,000 
877 
1,046 
269 
245 
166 
238 
475 
199 

9,400 

4,356 
2,553 
1,279 
523 
716 
288 
314 
4,322 

1,276 
3,629 
1,019 
902 
1,148 
280 
237 
120 
188 
493 
472 

9,764 

4,343 
2,499 
1,308 
529 
706 
287 
328 
3,541 

1,313 
3,570 
945 
865 
1,228 
277 
439 
36 
403 
481 
374 

9,931 

4,261 
2,725 
1,686 
577 
712 
289 
333 
3,209 

1,357 
3,698 
1,001 
962 
1,417 
262 
(109) 
145 
306 
523 
(382) 

1,370 
3,613 
997 
926 
1,667 
293 
415 
106 
140 
534 
315 

1,336 
3,547 
997 
906 
1,414 
286 
328 
447 
189 
497 
482 

1,309 
3,385 
941 
933 
1,598 
427 
200 
244 
244 
373 
874 

9,180 

10,376 

10,429 

10,528 

4,193 
2,478 
1,101 
642 
710 
301 
353 
3,437 

4,224 
2,520 
1,223 
491 
718 
299 
310 
3,483 

4,099 
2,604 
1,244 
493 
716 
299 
255 
3,156 

4,036 
2,645 
1,526 
528 
711 
293 
250 
3,039 

Total noninterest expense 

16,800 

14,351 

13,541 

13,792 

13,215 

13,268 

12,866 

13,028 

Income before income tax expense (1) 
Income tax expense (benefit) (1) 

Net income before noncontrolling interests (1) 
Less: Net income from noncontrolling interests 

Wells Fargo net income (1) 

Less: Preferred stock dividends and other 
Wells Fargo net income applicable to common 

stock (1) 

Per share information 

Earnings per common share (1) 
Diluted earnings per common share (1) 
Dividends declared per common share 

Average common shares outstanding 
Diluted average common shares outstanding 
Market price per common share (2) 

High 
Low 
Quarter-end 

4,599 
(1,642) 

6,241 
90 

$  6,151 

411 

6,781 
2,181 

4,600 
58 

4,542 

411 

8,139 
2,245 

5,894 
38 

5,856 

406 

7,858 
2,133 

5,725 
91 

5,634 

401 

7,562 
2,258 

5,304 
30 

5,274 

402 

8,255 
2,601 

5,654 
10 

5,644 

401 

8,222 
2,649 

5,573 
15 

5,558 

385 

8,081 
2,567 

5,514 
52 

5,462 

377 

$  5,740 

4,131 

5,450 

5,233 

4,872 

5,243 

5,173 

5,085 

$  1.17 
1.16 
0.390 
4,912.5 
4,963.1 

$  62.24 
52.84 
60.67 

0.83 
0.83 
0.390 
4,948.6 
4,996.8 

1.09 
1.08 
0.380 
4,989.9 
5,037.7 

1.05 
1.03 
0.380 
5,008.6 
5,070.4 

0.97 
0.96 
0.380 
5,025.6 
5,078.2 

1.04 
1.03 
0.380 
5,043.4 
5,094.6 

1.02 
1.01 
0.380 
5,066.9 
5,118.1 

56.45 
49.28 
55.15 

56.60 
50.84 
55.41 

59.99 
53.35 
55.66 

58.02 
43.55 
55.11 

51.00 
44.10 
44.28 

51.41 
44.50 
47.33 

1.00 
0.99 
0.375 
5,075.7 
5,139.4 

53.27 
44.50 
48.36 

(1)  Financial information for prior quarters in 2017 has been revised to reflect the impact of the adoption in fourth quarter 2017 of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 

2017-12 – Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. The effect of adoption on previously reported quarter-to-
date net income includes $(54) million, $46 million, and $177 million for periods ended September 30, June 30, and March 31, 2017, respectively. See Note 1 (Summary of 
Significant Accounting Policies) for more information on the adoption of ASU 2017-12. 

(2)  Based on daily prices reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Reporting System. 

276 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Average Balances, Yields and Rates Paid (Taxable-Equivalent basis) - Quarterly (1)(2) - (Unaudited) 

 

(in millions) 
Earning assets 
Federal funds sold, securities purchased under resale agreements and other short-term 

investments 
Trading assets 
Investment securities (3): 

Available-for-sale securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Mortgage-backed securities: 

Federal agencies 
Residential and commercial 
Other debt and equity securities 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Securities of U.S. Treasury and federal agencies 
Securities of U.S. states and political subdivisions 
Federal agency and other mortgage-backed securities 
Other debt securities 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

Total investment securities 

Mortgages held for sale (4) 
Loans held for sale (4) 
Loans: 

Commercial: 

Commercial and industrial - U.S. 
Commercial and industrial - Non U.S. 
Real estate mortgage 
Real estate construction 
Lease financing 

Total commercial 

Consumer: 

Real estate 1-4 family first mortgage 
Real estate 1-4 family junior lien mortgage 
Credit card 
Automobile 
Other revolving credit and installment 

Total consumer 
Total loans (4) 

Other 

Funding sources 
Deposits: 

Total earning assets 

Interest-bearing checking 
Market rate and other savings 
Savings certificates 
Other time deposits 
Deposits in foreign offices 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Short-term borrowings 
Long-term debt 
Other liabilities 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

Portion of noninterest-bearing funding sources 

Total funding sources 

Net interest margin and net interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis (5) 

Noninterest-earning assets 
Cash and due from banks 
Goodwill 
Other 

Total noninterest-earning assets 

Noninterest-bearing funding sources 
Deposits 
Other liabilities 
Total equity 
Noninterest-bearing funding sources used to fund earning assets 

Net noninterest-bearing funding sources 

Total assets 

Average 
balance 

Yields/ 
rates 

2017 
Interest 
income/ 
expense 

Quarter ended December 31, 
2016 
Interest
income/
expense 

Yields/ 
rates 

Average 
balance 

$  264,940 
111,213 

1.25%  $ 
3.01 

835 
838 

273,073 
102,757 

0.56%  $ 
2.96 

6,423 
52,390 

152,910 
9,371 
49,138 
270,232 

44,716 
6,263 
89,622 
1,194 
141,795 
412,027 
20,517 
114 

270,294 
59,233 
127,199 
24,408 
19,226 
500,360 

1.66 
3.91 

2.62 
4.85 
3.70 
3.12 

2.19 
5.26 
2.25 
2.64 
2.36 
2.86 
3.82 
8.14 

3.89 
2.96 
3.88 
4.38 
0.62 
3.68 

27 
513 

1,000 
114 
456 
2,110 

246 
83 
503 
8 
840 
2,950 
196 
2 

2,649 
442 
1,244 
270 
31 
4,636 

281,966 
40,379 
36,428 
54,323 
38,366 
451,462 
951,822 
13,084 
$ 1,773,717 

2,826 
4.01 
505 
4.96 
1,136 
12.37 
702 
5.13 
607 
6.28 
5,776 
5.10 
10,412 
4.35 
2.06 
68 
3.43%  $ 15,301 

0.68%  $ 
0.19 
0.31 
1.49 
0.81 
0.39 
0.99 
2.32 
1.86 
0.81 
— 
0.59 
2.84% 

86 
319 
17 
255 
254 
931 
256 
1,344 
115 
2,646 
— 
2,646 
$ 12,655 

$ 

50,483 
679,893 
20,920 
68,187 
124,597 
944,080 
102,142 
231,598 
24,728 
1,302,548 
471,169 
$ 1,773,717 

$ 

19,152 
26,579 
115,870 
$  161,601 

$  367,512 
57,845 
207,413 
(471,169) 
$  161,601 
$ 1,935,318 

25,935 
53,917 

147,980 
16,456 
52,692 
296,980 

44,686 
4,738 
46,009 
3,597 
99,030 
396,010 
27,503 
155 

272,828 
54,410 
131,195 
23,850 
18,904 
501,187 

277,732 
47,203 
35,383 
62,521 
40,121 
462,960 
964,147 
6,729 
1,770,374 

46,907 
676,365 
24,362 
49,170 
110,425 
907,229 
124,698 
252,162 
17,210 
1,301,299 
469,075 
1,770,374 

18,967 
26,713 
128,196 
173,876 

376,929 
64,775 
201,247 
(469,075) 
173,876 
1,944,250 

381 
761 

99 
547 

875 
242 
492 
2,255 

246 
63 
209 
20 
538 
2,793 
235 
2 

2,369 
352 
1,135 
216 
273 
4,345 

1.53 
4.06 

2.37 
5.87 
3.71 
3.03 

2.20 
5.31 
1.81 
2.26 
2.17 
2.82 
3.43 
5.42 

3.46 
2.58 
3.44 
3.61 
5.78 
3.45 

2,785 
4.01 
524 
4.42 
1,043 
11.73 
870 
5.54 
595 
5.91 
5,817 
5.01 
10,162 
4.20 
3.27 
56 
3.24%  $  14,390 

0.17%  $ 
0.07 
0.30 
1.16 
0.35 
0.18 
0.33 
1.68 
2.15 
0.51 
— 
0.37 
2.87%  $ 

19 
122 
18 
144 
97 
400 
102 
1,061 
94 
1,657 
— 
1,657 
12,733 

 

(1)  Our average prime rate was 4.30% and 3.54% for the quarters ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The average three-month London Interbank Offered 

 

Rate (LIBOR) was 1.46% and 0.92% for the same quarters, respectively. 

(2)  Yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories. 
(3)  Yields and rates are based on interest income/expense amounts for the period, annualized based on the accrual basis for the respective accounts. The average balance 

amounts represent amortized cost for the periods presented. 

(4)  Nonaccrual loans and related income are included in their respective loan categories. 
(5) 

Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $342 million and $331 million for the quarters ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, predominantly related to tax-
exempt income on certain loans and securities. The federal statutory tax rate was 35% for the periods presented. 

 

Wells Fargo & Company 

277 

Glossary of Acronyms 

ABS 

ACL 

ALCO 

ARM 

ASC 

ASU 

AUA 

AUM 

AVM 

BCBS 

BHC 

CCAR 

CD 

CDO 

CDS 

CECL 

CET1 

CFPB 

CLO 

CLTV 

CMBS 

CPI 

CPP 

CRE 

DPD 

ESOP 

FAS 

FASB 

FDIC 

FFELP 

FHA 

FHLB 

Asset-backed security 

Allowance for credit losses 

Asset/Liability Management Committee 

Adjustable-rate mortgage 

Accounting Standards Codification 

Accounting Standards Update 

Assets under administration 

Assets under management 

Automated valuation model 

Basel Committee on Bank Supervision 

Bank holding company 

G-SIB 

HAMP 

HUD 

LCR 

LHFS 

LIBOR 

LIHTC 

Globally systemic important bank 

Home Affordability Modification Program 

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 

Liquidity coverage ratio 

Loans held for sale 

London Interbank Offered Rate 

Low income housing tax credit 

LOCOM 

Lower of cost or market value 

LTV 

MBS 

MHA 

Loan-to-value 

Mortgage-backed security 

Making Home Affordable programs 

Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 

MHFS 

Mortgages held for sale 

Certificate of deposit 

Collateralized debt obligation 

Credit default swaps 

Current expected credit loss 

Common Equity Tier 1 

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 

Collateralized loan obligation 

Combined loan-to-value 

MSR 

MTN 

NAV 

NPA 

OCC 

OCI 

OTC 

OTTI 

Mortgage servicing right 

Medium-term note 

Net asset value 

Nonperforming asset 

Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 

Other comprehensive income 

Over-the-counter 

Other-than-temporary impairment 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities 

PCI Loans 

Purchased credit-impaired loans 

Collateral protection insurance 

Capital Purchase Program 

Commercial real estate 

Days past due 

Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 

Financial Accounting Standards Board 

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

Federal Family Education Loan Program 

Federal Housing Administration 

Federal Home Loan Bank 

FHLMC 

Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 

FICO 

FNMA 

FRB 

GAAP 

GNMA 

GSE 

Fair Isaac Corporation (credit rating) 

Federal National Mortgage Association 

Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 

Generally accepted accounting principles 

Government National Mortgage Association 

Government-sponsored entity 

PTPP 

RBC 

RMBS 

ROA 

ROE 

ROTCE 

RWAs 

SEC 

S&P 

SLR 

SPE 

TARP 

TDR 

TLAC 

VA 

VaR 

VIE 

Pre-tax pre-provision profit 

Risk-based capital 

Residential mortgage-backed securities 

Wells Fargo net income to average total assets 

Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock 

to average Wells Fargo common stockholders’ equity 

Return on average tangible common equity 

Risk-weighted assets 

Securities and Exchange Commission 

Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services 

Supplementary leverage ratio 

Special purpose entity 

Troubled Asset Relief Program 

Troubled debt restructuring 

Total Loss Absorbing Capacity 

Department of Veterans Affairs 

Value-at-Risk 

Variable interest entity 

278 

Wells Fargo & Company 

Stock Performance 

These graphs compare the cumulative total stockholder return and total compound annual growth rate 
 
(C GR) for our common stock (NYSE: WFC) for the five- and ten-year periods ended December 31, 2017, 
  
with the cumulative total stockholder returns for the same periods for the Keefe, Bruyette and Woods 
  
(KBW) Total Return Bank Index (KBW Nasdaq Bank Index (BKX)) and the S&P 500 Index. 

The cumulative total stockholder returns (including reinvested dividends) in the graphs assume the 
 
investment of $100 in Wells Fargo’s common stock, the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index, and the S&P 500 Index. 

Five Year Performance Graph 
$260 

$240 

$220 

$200 

$180 

$160 

$140 

$120 

$100 

$  80 

$  60 

$  40 

$  20 

Wells Fargo 
(WFC) 

S&P 500 

KBW Nasdaq 
Bank Index 

2012 

$100 
100 
100 

2013 

$137 
132 
138 

2014 

$169 
151 
151 

2015 

$173 
153 
151 

2016 

$180 
171 
195 

2017 

$204 
208 
231 

5-year 
CAGR 

15%  Wells Fargo 
16%  S&P 500 
18%  KBW Nasdaq 

Bank Index 

Ten Year Performance Graph 
$260 

$240 

$220 

$200 

$180 

$160 

$140 

$120 

$100 

$  80 

$  60 

$  40 

$  20 

2007 

2008 

2009 

2010 

2011 

2012 

2013 

2014 

2015 

2016 

2017 

$100 
100 
100 

$102 
63 
52 

$97 
80 
52 

$112 
92 
64 

$102 
94 
49 

$130 
109 
65 

$177 
144 
89 

$220 
163 
98 

$224 
166 
98 

$234 
186 
126 

$265 
226 
150 

Wells Fargo 
(WFC) 

S&P 500 

KBW Nasdaq 
Bank Index 

10-year 
CAGR 

1 

 
t
r
o
p
e
R

 
l
a
u
n
n
A
 
 
7
1
0
2

10%  Wells Fargo 

8%  S&P 500 
4%  KBW Nasdaq 

Bank Index 

279 

Wells Fargo & Company

Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $2.0 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo's vision 
is to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo 
provides banking,  investments, mortgage,  and consumer and commercial finance through more than 8,300 locations, 13,000 ATMs, the internet 
(wellsfargo.com)  and mobile banking, and has offices in 42 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global 
economy. With approximately 263,000 team  members, Wells  Fargo  serves one in three households  in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company 
was ranked No. 25 on Fortune’s 2017 rankings of America’s largest corporations.

Common stock

SEC filings

Wells  Fargo & Company is listed and trades 
on the New York Stock Exchange: W FC

4,891,616,628 common shares outstanding (12/31/17)

Stock purchase and dividend 
reinvestment

You can buy Wells  Fargo  stock directly from 
Wells  Fargo, even if you’re not a Wells Fargo 
stockholder, through optional cash payments 
or automatic monthly deductions from a bank 
account. You can  also  have your dividends 
reinvested automatically. It’s a convenient, 
economical way to increase your Wells Fargo 
investment.

Call 1-877-840-0492 for an enrollment kit, 
which includes a plan prospectus.

Form 10-K

We will send Wells Fargo's 2017 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K (including the financial 
statements filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission) free to any stockholder who asks 
for a copy in writing.  Stockholders also can ask 
for copies of any exhibit to the Form 10-K. We will 
charge a fee to cover expenses to prepare and send 
any exhibits. Please send requests to: Corporate 
Secretary, Wells Fargo & Company, One Wells Fargo 
Center, MAC  D1053-300, 301 S. College Street,
30th Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202.

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports 
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and 
amendments to those reports are available free 
of charge on our website (www.wellsfargo.com) 
as soon as practical after they are electronically 
filed with or furnished to the SEC. Those reports 
and amendments are also available free of charge 
on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Forward-looking statements

This Annual Report contains forward-looking 
statements about our future financial performance 
and business. Because forward-looking statements 
are based  on our current expectations and 
assumptions regarding the future, they are subject 
to inherent risks  and uncertainties. Do not unduly 
rely on forward-looking statements, as actual results 
could differ materially from expectations. Forward- 
looking statements speak only as of the date made, 
and we do not undertake to update them to reflect 
changes or events that occur after that date.
For information about factors that could cause 
actual  results to differ materially from our 
expectations, refer to the discussion under 
“Forward-Looking Statements” and "Risk 
Factors’’ in the Financial Review portion 
of this Annual Report.

Strong for our customers and communities

Independent registered 
public accounting firm

KPMG LLP
San Francisco, California 
1-415-963-5100

Contacts
Investor Relations 
1-415-371-2921
investorrelations@wellsfargo.com

Shareowner Services and 
Transfer Agent
EQ Shareowner Services 
P.O. Box 64854
St. Paul, Minnesota 55164-0854
1-877-840-0492
www.shareowneronline.com

Annual Stockholders' Meeting
10:00 a.m. Central Time 
Tuesday, April 24, 2018 
Des Moines Marriott Downtown 
700 Grand Avenue
Des Moines, Iowa 50309

Company

3rd
Total Deposits (2017)
FDIC  data

3rd
Total Assets  (2017)
SNL Financial

5th
Biggest Public Company 
in the World* (2017) Forbes

25th
Biggest Company 
by Revenue in the U.S. 
(2017) Fortune

Innovation leadership

Diversity

Top Company for LGBT (2017) 
Diversitylnc

9th Top Company for Diversity 
(2017) Diversitylnc

Perfect Score - 100 Corporate 
Equality Index (2018,15th year) 
Human Rights Campaign

Perfect Score -  100 Disability 
Equality Index (DEI)  Best 
Places to Work (2017, 2nd year)

#1
Overall Mobile Performance, 
Functionality, Ease of Use, 
Quality & Availability, and Best 
App & Mobile Web Experience 
(2017) Keynote Competitive
Research

Best Corporate/Institutional 
Digital Bank in North America 
(2017) Global Finance magazine

#1
Mobile prowess in transfers, 
wallets, and security, providing 
customers the  ability to 
temporarily disable debit cards 
and use a smartphone in place 
of a card at an ATM (2017) 
Business Insider's Mobile 
Banking Competitive 
Edge Study

Corporate social 
responsibility

#1
Largest workplace employee 
giving campaign in the U.S. 
for ninth consecutive year, 
based on 2017 donations (2018) 
United Way Worldwide

Brand

Most Valuable Banking Brand 
in North America and Retail 
Banking (2017) Brand Finance®

Third-Most Valuable Financial 
Services  Brand in World (2017) 
Forbes

*Based on sales, profits, assets, and market value. 

280

Wells Fargo’s extensive network

Around the world
A rgentina
Australia
Bangladesh
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Caym an Islands
Chile
China
Colom bia
Dom inican Republic
Ecuador
Finland
France
G erm any
H ong Kong
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Luxembourg
Mexico
Netherlands
N ew  Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
United A rab Emirates 
United Kingdom  
Vietnam

W ashington

221

O rego n
154

M ontana

55

Idaho
98

W yo m in g

34

N o rth D akota

34

South D akota

65

N ebraska

59

M innesota

216

Iowa
101

N evada
122

Utah
135

Colorado

216

K ansas
34

M issouri

4 0

A rizon a
303

N ew  M exico

103

O klahom a

20

A rkansas

25

Texas
819

Louisiana

23

C alifornia
1340

A lask a
62

N um ber o f d om estic 
location s b y  state

W iscon sin

94

M ichigan

68

Vt.
6

N.H.
10

New York 

198

M aine

5

Illinois
115

Indiana

70

Kentucky

13
T ennessee

53

P en nsylvania

359

O hio
78
W. V irgin ia

10

V irgin ia
345
N o rth C arolina

398
South C arolina

178

N ew  J ersey
368 
Delaw are
26
M aryland

132

D.C.
41

M ississip pi 

28

G eorgia
336

A labam a

159

M assachusetts

4 0
Rhode Island 

8
Conn ecticut

97

Florida
764

Hawaii
10

Locations*
8,300

ATMs
13,000

Customers 
70+ million

wellsfargo.com 
28.1 million digital 
(online and mobile) 
active customers

Mobile banking 
21.2 million 
mobile active
users

*Number o f domestic and global locations. 
Includes  Wells Fargo Advisors Private Client 
Group and Financial Network locations.

In supporting 
homeowners and 
consumers

#1
Retail mortgage lender (2017) 
Inside Mortgage Finance

#5
Home loan originator 
to minority borrowers, 
and in low- to moderate-income
 neighborhoods 

(2017) HMDA data

#1
Home loan servicer (2017) 
Inside Mortgage Finance

#1
Provider of private student 
loans among banks (2017) 
Company and competitor 
reports

#2
Used auto lender 
(AutoCount, 2017)

In helping 
small businesses

#1
In overall performance and 
best in quality, availability, 
and ease of use for providing 
a positive small business 
banking experience through 
digital channels (2017) Keynote 
Competitive Research

In wealth and 
investment management

#2
U.S. annuity sales  (2016) 
Transamerica Roundtable 
survey

#3
U.S. full-service retail 
brokerage provider (2017) 
Company and competitor 
reports

#5
U.S. wealth management 
provider (2017) Barron's

#7
U.S. IRA provider (2017)
Cerulli Associates

#7
U.S. institutional retirement 
plan record keeper, based on 
assets  (2017) PLANSPONSOR 
magazine

In treasury 
management

Best Bank for Payments 
and Collections in North 
America (2018) Global 
Finance magazine

Global Best Investment 
Management Services (2017) 
Global Finance magazine

281

Wells Fargo & Company
420 Montgomery Street 
San Francisco, California 94104
1-866-878-5865  wellsfargo.com

Wells Fargo’s Vision
We want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially.

Our Values
Five primary values guide every action Wells Fargo takes:

▪ What’s right for customers
▪ People as a competitive advantage
▪ Ethics
▪ Diversity and inclusion
▪ Leadership

Our Goals
Wells Fargo wants to become the financial services leader in:

▪ Customer service and advice
▪ Team member engagement
▪ Innovation
▪ Risk management
▪ Corporate citizenship
▪ Shareholder value

For m ore inform ation, visit w ellsfargo.com /ourvision

© 2018 Wells Fargo & Company. All rights reserved.
Deposit products offered through Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. M ember FDIC. 
CCM2432 (Rev 00, 1/each )

