W
h
i
r
l
p
o
o

l
 

C
o
r
p
o
r
a
t
i
o
n

 

2017 ANNUAL REPORT

*

Please visit our online Annual Report at WhirlpoolCorp.com/2017Annual

 

2
0
1
7
A
n
n
u
a

l
 

R
e
p
o
r
t

OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE

  
Net Sales
$21B  

Products  
Sold
72M  

Employees
92K  

Manufacturing  
Locations
43 

Sales By Reportable Segment 

54%

23%

North America

Europe, Middle East, 
Africa

16%

Latin America

7%

Asia

Sales By Product Category 

28%

Laundry

19%

Cooking 
Appliances

29%

Refrigerators 
& Freezers

24%

Other

Stockholder and Other Information
Whirlpool Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other financial information, is available free of charge to stockholders.

The Financial Summary contained in this 
Annual Report should be read together  
with Whirlpool Corporation’s Financial 
Statements and related notes, and 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis.” 
This information appears in the company’s 
2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
which is available on the company’s  
website at Investors.WhirlpoolCorp.com.

The Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
company earnings releases for each 
quarter — typically issued in April, July, 
October and February — can be obtained  
by contacting:

Max Tunnicliff  
Senior Director, Investor Relations 
Whirlpool Corporation 
2000 N. M-63, Mail Drop 2609 
Benton Harbor, MI 49022-2692 
Telephone: 269-923-2641 
Fax: 269-923-3525 
Email: investor_relations@whirlpool.com

Stock Exchanges
Common stock of Whirlpool Corporation 
(exchange symbol: WHR) is listed on the 
New York and Chicago stock exchanges.

Trademarks
Bauknecht, Brastemp, Consul, Design of the 
stand mixer, Hotpoint,* Indesit, KitchenAid, 
Maytag, Whirlpool, and Yummly are trademarks 
of Whirlpool Corporation or its wholly or 
majority-owned affiliates.

Board of Directors
Samuel R. Allen † (3,4) 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  
Deere & Company
Marc R. Bitzer 
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Whirlpool Corporation
Greg Creed(2,4) 
Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands, Inc.
Gary T. DiCamillo(1,2) 
President and Chief Executive Officer,  
Universal Trailer Corporation
Diane M. Dietz(3,4) 
President and Chief Executive Officer,  
Rodan & Fields, LLC

Executive Committee
Marc R. Bitzer 
President and Chief Executive Officer
Esther Berrozpe Galindo 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool Europe, Middle East and Africa
David A. Binkley 
Senior Vice President,  
Global Human Resources

Gerri T. Elliott(1,2) 
Former Executive Vice President & Strategic 
Advisor, Juniper Networks, Inc.
Jeff M. Fettig 
Chairman of the Board and Former  
Chief Executive Officer, Whirlpool Corporation
Michael F. Johnston(1,4) 
Former Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer, Visteon Corporation
James M. Loree(1,3) 
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
John D. Liu(1,2) 
Managing Partner, Richmond Hill 
Investments, and Chief Executive Officer, 
Essex Equity Management

Harish Manwani(3,4) 
Global Executive Advisor,  
Blackstone Private Equity
WIlliam D. Perez(2,4) 
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
WM. Wrigley Jr. Company
Larry O. Spencer(2,3) 
President, Air Force Association
Michael D. White(1,3) 
Former Chairman, President and  
Chief Executive Officer, DIRECTV
(1)  Audit Committee
(2)  Finance Committee
(3)  Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
(4)  Human Resources Committee
  †   Presiding Director

João C. Brega 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool Latin America
Kirsten J. Hewitt 
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs  
and General Counsel
Joseph T. Liotine 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool North America

James W. Peters 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer
Shengpo (Samuel) Wu 
President, Whirlpool Asia

Footnotes
(a)   Pages 2, 8, Based on most recently available publicly reported annual 

revenues.

(b)   Pages 2, 5, Based on AHAM, Traqline and Internal Research for the full-year 2016.
(c)   Pages 2, 14, 17, Amazon, Boys and Girls Clubs of America, Google, Habitat 
for Humanity International, Honeywell, IBM, Instituto Consulado da Mulher, 
International Red Cross, United Way and certain other trademarks are owned 
by their respective companies.

(d)   Page 3, See page 18 of this Annual Report for reconciliation.
(e)   Page 3, See Form 10-K for reconciliation.

© 2018 Whirlpool Corporation. All rights reserved.

(f) 

* 

 Page 5, Bauknecht, Brastemp, Consul, Design of the stand mixer, Hotpoint*, 
Indesit, KitchenAid, Maytag, Whirlpool, and Yummly are trademarks of 
Whirlpool Corporation of its wholly or majority-owned affiliates.
 Page 5 and Back Cover, Whirlpool Corporation ownership of the Hotpoint brand 
in EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold  
in the Americas.

(g)   Page 11, Appliance must be set to remote enable. WiFi & App required.  

Features subject to change. For details and privacy statement, visit  
whirlpool.com/connect.

Letter to Shareholders
A Message from Marc Bitzer,  
Chief Executive Officer

In October 2017, it was my honor to accept the Whirlpool 
Corporation Board of Directors’ appointment as the eighth 
Chief Executive Officer in this great company’s 106-year 
history. I want to use my first letter to shareholders as  
an opportunity to share some thoughts about this recent 
transition, our long-term commitment to shareholder value 
creation and corporate responsibility, as well as our current 
business performance and outlook for 2018. 

Leadership Transition
At Whirlpool, we firmly believe that leadership is the catalyst 
for positive change. I clearly remember the moment I first said 
“Yes, I want to work at Whirlpool,” more than 18 years ago. I 
did so because I wanted to work for a company recognized for 
its exceptional values and strong leadership principles. Those 
same values and principles inspire and guide me to this day.

Our values and principles are exemplified by Jeff Fettig, who 
spent his entire 36-year career with Whirlpool Corporation. 
Jeff brought great vision to Whirlpool, and during his tenure 
we became the number one major appliance manufacturer 
in the world. In his 13 years as CEO, Whirlpool’s revenues 
increased approximately 75 percent and both the company’s 
market value and dividend more than tripled. Jeff led by 

example, equally passionate about winning in the marketplace 
as he was about doing things the right way. 

I look forward to building on the strong foundation Jeff has 
put in place. The exceptional values and strong leadership 
principles that have guided us throughout our history  
will continue to be a catalyst for success in the future.  
I am committed to protect and further advance them for 
the next generation of Whirlpool employees, customers 
and shareholders. 

Unique Global Strategic Position
As a global company, we believe we are uniquely positioned, 
today and in the future, to deliver long-term value for you. We 
believe we have the best brand portfolio in our industry, and are 
proud to have seven brands which each generate more than 
$1 billion in sales. Our portfolio of timeless brands like Whirlpool 
and KitchenAid are increasingly desired throughout the world. 
Trusted brands and differentiated features matter more than 
ever, especially when designed for local consumer preferences.

Legacy of Innovation
We have a proud legacy of innovation and our exceptionally 
strong innovation pipeline allowed us to launch more than  ›

1

100 new products this year. As technology continues to 
advance, the wants and needs of consumers are changing. 
In turn, the appliance industry is evolving and becoming less 
and less commoditized. Today’s consumers are demanding 
connected appliances as part of a home ecosystem that 
simplifies their lives. Whirlpool Corporation is answering 
that demand. We have partnered with leaders in the connected 
home, and we see many exciting opportunities for future 
growth in the connected space. 

Global Leading Manufacturer
Through the strength of our winning brands and innovative 
products, we have become the world’s leading global 
appliance manufacturer.(a) We are the leading manufacturer 
in seven out of the ten largest countries in the world,(b) which 
provides us a cost advantage. We have a strong presence 
in both developed countries and emerging markets, and  
are well-positioned to benefit as demand recovers in key 
emerging markets like Brazil, China and Russia.

Best Cost Position
Our global scale allows us to efficiently produce the right 
products at the right time anywhere throughout the world.  
We have strong capabilities for cost takeout, which is key  
to effectively cope with macroeconomic challenges. By 
combining leading scale with disciplined cost management, 
we have a true “best cost position” in the highly competitive 
global appliance industry.

It is this unique global position which gives us confidence 
that we will deliver long-term results that are second-to-
none in our industry. 

Commitment to Shareholder Value Creation
Our commitment to shareholders remains a constant.  
We communicated our value creation goals at our 2017 
Investor Day, and my entire leadership team and I are  
fully committed to these goals:

•  3-5% annual organic net sales growth
•  10% EBIT margin by 2020
•  5-6% free cash flow as a percent of net sales by 2018

$2.3 billion to shareholders, including $1.1 billion in dividends 
and $1.2 billion in share repurchases. 

  
We returned a record
$1.1 Billion cash to shareholders in 2017

This year, we invested approximately $680 million in capital 
expenditures to fund innovation. We also continued to return 
strong levels of cash to shareholders, including more than 
$300 million through our increased quarterly dividend, and 
$750 million in share repurchases, an increase of more than 
40 percent versus 2016.

Commitment to Corporate Responsibility
At Whirlpool, we are committed to being a responsible 
corporate citizen, both because it is the right thing to do 
and because it is good for business. This year, we furthered 
that commitment by taking a number of steps to minimize 
our impact on the environment while also supporting our 
employees and the communities in which we live and work.

Our focus on conserving our planet’s resources continued 
this year. We met our 2020 goals for energy and water 
usage three years early, and will set new sustainability 
goals which will exceed the original U.S. commitments to 
the Paris climate accord. We also expanded our use of 
on-site renewable energy, including our wind turbine 
program in Ohio and solar program in India, and are one 
of the largest on-site users of wind energy in the U.S. 
Further, we continued to manufacture increasingly 
water- and energy-efficient, high-performing products, 
helping consumers lessen their impact on the 
environment while also saving money. 

We also strengthened our commitment to being a great 
place to work. In 2017, our people recognized the company 
with an engagement score of 85, which surpasses global 
consumer product companies and ‘best in class’ companies. 
Our strongest scoring questions are around connecting 
individual work to achieving results and belief in the goals 
and objectives of the company. 

We are equally committed to our balanced approach to 
capital allocation. From 2012 to 2016, we invested more 
than $6 billion in our business, including more than  
$3 billion in capital expenditures and more than $2 billion  
in acquisitions. During that same period, we returned 

Finally, we remain passionate about giving back to our 
communities, both through employee volunteerism and 
by supporting numerous charitable organizations, including 
Habitat for Humanity International®, United Way®, the Boys and 
Girls Clubs of America® and Instituto Consulado da Mulher®.(c)

2

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual Report2017 Business Performance and 2018 Outlook
We delivered record revenues and this was our second highest 
year ever in terms of ongoing earnings per share. I would 
describe it as a “good” year, but not a “great” year. We are 
dissatisfied with our results for two reasons. First, we 
committed to delivering better results to our shareholders, 
and the challenges we faced caused us to revise our outlook 
throughout the year. Second, we simply believe we could 
have done better and achieved “great.”

To give you a bit of perspective on the operating environment, 
it’s important to note that raw material costs rose much 
faster than expected, turning into a $600 million challenge 
for 2017 and 2018 combined. Our results were also impacted 
by lack of progress on our European and China integration 
activities. These two combined factors led to a performance 
shortfall against our targets. 

To offset these challenges, we have taken strong and decisive 
actions. We implemented cost-based price increases across 
the majority of our business early in the year, and have 
committed to a net fixed cost reduction of $150 million, 
which is already over 80 percent implemented. I firmly 
believe these are the right actions and that we have the right 
strategy to deliver improved performance in 2018 and our 
long-term goals. 

Thank you for your investment in Whirlpool Corporation. It is 
truly a privilege to serve you and our employees as the eighth 
CEO of Whirlpool Corporation, and I am committed to earning 
your trust in this role as we build a bright future together in 
2018 and beyond.

Marc Bitzer
Chief Executive Officer

  
Revenue 
in Billions
$20.9

$20.7

$21.3

2015

2016

2017

  
Ongoing Business Earnings 
Per Share (d)

$14.06

$13.74

$12.38

2015

2016

2017

  
Free Cash Flow (e) 
in Millions

$620

$630

$707

2015

2016

2017

3

Our obligation to you, our shareholders, is to do all of these 
things profitably. Your Board continually assesses Whirlpool 
Corporation’s long-term strategy, and many of the Board’s 
strategic discussions are focused on how best to allocate 
resources to drive differentiated results. The members of 
the Board bring a broad range of skills and experiences, and 
each and every Board member acts as a shareholder advocate. 
As Whirlpool continues to grow, invest in new technologies 
and expand its businesses throughout the world, you should 
be confident that the Board is having in-depth and frequent 
discussions with our executive team focused on delivering 
consistently strong financial results and sustainable 
long-term value.

The opportunity to lead Whirlpool has been both an honor 
and a privilege. During my time as CEO, we achieved 
significant milestones as a company, thanks to the great 
work of our employees throughout the world. I am very 
proud of the Whirlpool team, and their dedication has led 
to the success that we have all achieved.

This year, I transitioned from my role as CEO, and the Board 
appointed Marc Bitzer as the eighth CEO in Whirlpool 
Corporation’s 106-year history. Marc has gained a deep 
understanding of our global business during his 18-year 
tenure at Whirlpool. He has personally led regional operations 
in EMEA and North America, and most recently led our 
global operations as Chief Operating Officer. The Board and 
I could not be more confident in Marc, and believe he is the 
right person to lead our company to continued success.

Thank you for your ongoing support of our company. We 
will continue to lead the global appliance industry, delivering 
innovative products to consumers and strong levels of return 
to shareholders. While there will be more changes ahead, we 
have the right plans and the best team to continue delivering 
strong results. I have never been more confident in the 
future of Whirlpool Corporation.

Jeff M. Fettig
Chairman of the Board

Letter from Our Chairman 
A Message from Jeff Fettig,
Chairman of the Board

I began my career in 1981 as an operations associate at 
Whirlpool. That year, the company celebrated its 25th 
anniversary as a full line manufacturer of major home 
appliances and reported a then-record $2.4 billion in net 
sales, nearly all of which came from the United States. 

In the last 36 years, many things have changed. Today, 
more than half of our global sales come from outside the 
United States. We have an industry-leading brand portfolio 
that delivered more than $21 billion in revenues this year 
across our major appliance and adjacent businesses. Our 
employee base is more diverse now than ever, and our 
commitment to sustainability and protecting our natural 
resources has never been greater. 

Yet, many things have not changed. Whirlpool Corporation 
still manufactures great products. While we have expanded 
into new product categories and serve new geographies, we 
are still a consumer products company that solves everyday 
problems in homes throughout the world. We continue to 
leverage our legacy of innovation as we invest in new and 
emerging technologies, including the shift to digital and 
connected appliances, and are well-positioned to continue 
delivering incredible care and value to consumers. 

Who we are has also not changed. The core values and 
leadership principles that made us industry leaders continue 
to guide our actions and decision making. We are motivated 
by the spirit of winning while steadfastly believing that 
“there is no right way to do a wrong thing.” 

Achieving the Vision: Our Progress

2010-2014 
›
Focused on margin expansion  
and cash generation

2015-2018 
30% larger global platform  
with compelling brand and  
product innovation

›

Beyond 2018 
Unique global strategic position 
delivering further margin expansion 
and strong cash conversion

4

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual ReportOur Unique Global Position

Whirlpool Corporation is committed to delivering significant, long-term value to both our consumers and our shareholders. 
For consumers, we deliver value through innovative, high-quality products that solve everyday problems. For our shareholders, 
we seek to deliver differentiated value through our four strategic pillars:

Strong Global Footprint

Best Brand Portfolio

#1  

North America

#2  
EMEA

#1  

Latin America

Western Company  

#1  

in Asia

7 Brands  

each with more than
$1 Billion in Sales

We hold the number one share position in seven of our ten largest countries  
by revenue.(b)

Whirlpool and KitchenAid global brands, with strong regional and 
local brands, including Maytag, Brastemp, Consul, Hotpoint,* Indesit 
and Bauknecht.(f)

Accelerating Our Pace of Innovation

Best Cost Position

This year, we introduced more than 100 new products throughout 
the world, and we are committed to further accelerating our pace of 
innovation. Consumers are beginning to desire connected appliances, 
which fit seamlessly into the larger home ecosystem. We are 
excited to bring new connected technologies to market, including 
scan-to-cook, voice control and remote service diagnostics.

As the number one major appliance manufacturer in the world, 
we have a scale cost benefit on everything we do, and are 
committed to a relentless focus on cost efficiency. Our global 
scale enables our local-for-local production model. We are 
focused on producing the right products at the right time 
throughout the world.

$450M

$450M

$375M

2015

2016

2017
Restructuring Benefits   

Cost Productivity

5

What We See:  
A Regional Perspective

Joe Liotine 
EVP and President 
Whirlpool North America

LONG-TERM FAVORABLE  
GROWTH TRENDS 
We are proud of our strong growth and operating 
margins this year. Our teams executed well in a 
solid demand environment, and we are pleased 
by another year of market share gains led by 
the Maytag brand. We expect strong results to 
continue in 2018 as a result of new product 
launches, including the new Whirlpool brand 
connected kitchen suite, previously announced 
cost-based pricing actions and continued 
industry growth driven by strong housing 
trends and low unemployment.

João Brega
EVP and President 
Whirlpool Latin America

LEVERAGING BEST COST IN  
A RECOVERING MARKET
The operating environment in Latin America 
continues to be uneven, but we are encouraged 
by signs of demand growth. We continue to 
have strong share behind the Brastemp and 
Consul brands and we continue to invest  
in innovation. We are implementing previously 
announced cost-based price increases and 
fixed cost reductions, and we are well-positioned 
to benefit from demand growth when it returns.

6

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual ReportEsther Berrozpe Galindo 
EVP and President 
Whirlpool EMEA

INTEGRATING BRAND AND PRODUCT 
PORTFOLIO FOR GROWTH
This was a challenging year with complex 
integration activities and significant raw 
material inflation. After a difficult start to the 
year, we made significant progress to improve 
the stability of our operations and have largely 
completed our brand and product transitions. 
We are on track to finalize the Indesit integration 
next year, and are implementing previously 
announced cost-based pricing actions and 
launching innovative new products. We are 
confident we are well-positioned for growth  
in 2018.

Sam Wu
President 
Whirlpool Asia

AWARD-WINNING INNOVATION 
Our business in India delivered record performance 
again this year, with strong growth, market 
share gains and improved margins. Tax reform 
in India was favorable for consumer demand, 
and we expect to benefit from continued economic 
growth to deliver another record year in 2018. 
In contrast, the environment in China continues 
to be challenging but we have taken strong 
actions to significantly reduce costs, and have 
deployed previously announced cost-based price 
increases to offset these pressures. Overall, we 
expect to deliver improved performance in 2018 
in the region.

7

Whirlpool Corporation is 
the #1 major appliance 
manufacturer in the world.(a)

8 Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual Report
8 Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual Report

Brands:
Throughout the world, we win with consumers through our strong brand portfolio.

At Whirlpool Corporation, we are a global collection of small communities. We utilize our broad scale 
but rely on individual regions to personalize products to meet our consumers’ needs. Our brands target 
consumers throughout the world with solutions that celebrate the diverse experiences of home life.

We introduced  
more than
100
new products  
in 2017

Brands That Innovate
We’re not content to rest on our 106-year legacy of innovation. With 70 global 
manufacturing, research and technology centers, and a history of consistent  
R&D funding, our world-class innovation pipeline continues to accelerate. We  
also refuse to create technology for “technology’s sake.” Instead we are focused  
on innovation that inspires consumers, and we design and build our products  
with purpose, creating demand and earning trust every day.

9

Strong Brands That Are Locally Relevant 
Our global locations develop diverse brand portfolios based 
on differentiated regional consumer needs. To maintain our 
competitive advantage of the best brand portfolio in the 
industry while increasing speed to market, we design products 
globally and manufacture locally to tailor to regional consumer 
preferences and behaviors. Consumer focus fuels our 
continued growth, strengthens our brand portfolio, and 
keeps us relevant in homes throughout the world. 

Our diverse  
brand portfolio 
targets more than
90%
of global 
consumers

10

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual ReportOur commitment to 
purposeful innovation is 
expanding the capabilities 
of our smart appliances

Brands That Connect 
Scan-to-Cook Technology allows consumers to scan thousands of frozen food barcodes with  
a smartphone or tablet and send recommended or customized cooking instructions directly to 
select Whirlpool wall ovens, ranges and microwaves.(g)

We acquired Yummly in 2017 to strengthen our position as a leader in building a seamlessly integrated 
connected kitchen and bring purposeful, consumer-relevant innovations to market in the emerging 
IoT space. Our Yummly app recommends recipes based on ingredients consumers have on hand, 
streamlining grocery shopping and meal prep with scheduling features, step-by-step recipes and video 
tutorials. Yummly recipes connect to select Whirlpool wall ovens, ranges and microwaves allowing 
consumers the ability to set and change temperature, settings and cook time from their devices.(g)

11

Global Scale:
43
Manufacturing 
Locations
75%
Producing 
1M+ 
Units Annually

12 Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual Report

Photo credits: Alessandro Imbriaco, #PlacesthatMatter 2017

Opportunity:
Everywhere we operate, we’re focused on opportunities to drive excellence and grow value.

Global operating excellence is the backbone of our best-cost platform. We are relentlessly focused on cost-
takeout while also creating a culture of continuous improvement for processes and tools to drive increased 
productivity. This focus keeps us well-positioned to manage market volatility and to continue our history of 
creating value in any environment.

Engage and Develop Our Global Workforce 
We’ve become industry leaders by attracting, engaging and developing top talent. 
For the fourth consecutive year, we scored best-in-class on employee engagement 
among consumer goods companies. Original ideas and innovative thinking come 
from combining the best of everyone’s differences. Celebrating diversity and 
including thousands of perspectives empowers us to create products that appeal  
to diverse consumers throughout the world. We are passionate about creating a 
safe, healthy and engaged workplace.

Our values are the driving 
force behind everything 
we do. Respect. Integrity. 
Diversity and Inclusion. 
Teamwork. Spirit of Winning.

13

We care about the 
communities where  
we live and work

1 in 3
Employees 
Volunteer

Opportunity: Strengthen Communities, Empower People 
Knowing great communities are the foundation of great business, we maintain strong 
connections to the communities where we operate. We encourage employees to volunteer 
and provide them with opportunities to make a difference within their neighborhoods. We are 
proud to support organizations such as Habitat for Humanity International®, United Way®, 
Instituto Consulado da Mulher® and the International Red Cross®.(c)

14

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual ReportThe Jeff Fettig Global Habitat Build Project
Having successfully collaborated with Habitat for Humanity 
International® for nearly 18 years, we had a unique opportunity 
to honor Jeff Fettig, who stepped down as CEO in 2017. We 
created a global build project with Habitat which included 
14 locations from India and China to Brazil and Colombia. 

Habitat for Humanity and Whirlpool Corporation employees 
continued the tradition of helping families achieve their 
dream of owning a home. Two hundred seventeen employees, 
including executives, lent a helping hand. For Jeff Fettig, 
this became the ultimate recognition of his years of service 
and commitment to making a difference in our communities.

Projects
14  

Countries
8  

Volunteers
217  

15

New Consul Washer  
Maxi Economia: saves 
40% of water and soap 
and 100% of the water 
can be reused

Global 
Environmental 
Goals:
2020 Full Material  
Transparency
90%
2014-2020  
Reduction in  
Energy & Water  
Use Intensities  
in Manufacturing 
15%
2022 Landfill Waste 
in Manufacturing 
Zero

Opportunity : Reduce Environmental Impacts
As the world’s largest manufacturer of major home 
appliances,(a) we have an unwavering commitment to care 
for our employees, customers, communities and the planet. 
Reducing the amount of water and energy our products 
use, driving zero waste to landfill, and using solar and 
wind energy to power our facilities are all part of our effort 
to reduce our impact and address climate change while 
making lives and homes better. 

16 Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual Report

Our Financial Position
A Message from Jim Peters,  
Chief Financial Officer

We are as committed as ever to executing a balanced 
approach to capital allocation. Our formula is a simple 
one — fund the business and our strategic investments 
while returning cash to shareholders — and we have 
been very consistent in its application over the years. 

Funding the Business
In 2017, we continued to fund the business, investing more 
than $1 billion in innovation between capital expenditures 
and R&D. These investments enabled us to launch more 
than 100 new products and grow or maintain our market 
share position in most countries throughout the world. We 
plan to continue fully investing in our product portfolio in 
the coming years and see these investments as the catalyst 
for achieving our annual sales growth goal of 3 to 5 percent 
on a consistent basis. 

A great example of an investment we are excited about is 
our recent acquisition of Yummly. Acquired in early 2017, 
Yummly is a technology company that serves over 20 million 
users, helping them discover exciting new recipes and 
ingredients in a unique and personalized way. We also 
developed partnerships with technology leaders such as 
Amazon, Google, IBM and Honeywell.(c) In early 2018, we are 
launching a fully connected kitchen suite under the Whirlpool 
brand that uses Scan-to-Cook technology and fully integrates 
with Yummly to recognize ingredients, recommend best 
recipes and provide on-demand videos to make cooking 
easier. This is just the beginning of our strategic investments 
in the Internet of Things. We believe that as the global 
leader in the home appliance industry, we are in the best 
position to deliver technology-enabled home appliances 
that appeal to consumers every day. 

Maintaining Liquidity
We continue to maintain strong liquidity, keeping appropriate 
flexibility as economic conditions around the world remain 
volatile. This year, we finished with more than $1 billion in 
cash on hand and approximately $3.6 billion in available 
credit facilities.

We are prudent about our capital structure and continue  
to maintain strong investment-grade credit ratings. In 2017, 
we refinanced debt at very favorable rates and issued a 
new €600 million eurobond to support our international 
operations. As a result, we improved liquidity and our 
future debt obligations are exceptionally well-balanced. 

Strong Balance Sheet Enables Flexibility

$1.2 Billion cash on hand

$3.6 Billion available credit facilities

$1.1 Billion record cash returned  
to shareholders

Returning Cash to Shareholders
We also returned a record $1.1 billion to shareholders in 2017. 
Our quarterly dividend increased for a 7th consecutive year, 
and we repurchased a record $750 million of common stock. 
We remain committed to delivering strong returns for our 
shareholders in 2018 and beyond. 

In closing, we will continue making investments in the right 
places to provide effective solutions to our consumers. These 
investments enable us to remain at the forefront of the 
industry as we progress toward our long-term financial 
goals and generate strong returns for our shareholders.

James W. Peters
Chief Financial Officer

17

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

Ongoing Earnings Per Diluted Share
The reconciliation provided below reconciles the non-GAAP financial measure of ongoing earnings per diluted share with  
the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, net earnings per diluted share available to Whirlpool, for the twelve 
months ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. The earnings per diluted share GAAP measure and ongoing business 
measure are presented net of tax, while each adjustment is presented on a pre-tax basis. The aggregate income tax impact  
of the taxable components of each adjustment is presented in the income tax impact line item at our 2017, 2016 and 2015 
full-year tax rates of 14.7%, 16.6% and 20.3%, respectively. For more information, see document titled “GAAP Reconciliations”  
at Investors.WhirlpoolCorp.com/financial-information/annual-reports.
 
 
 
Reported GAAP Measure 
Restructuring Expense 
Out of Period Adjustment 
Acquisition Related Transition Costs 
Antitrust and Dispute Resolutions 
Gain/Expenses Related to a Business Investment 
Pension Settlement Charges 
Benefit Plan Curtailment Gain 
Legacy Product Warranty and Liability Expense 
Income Tax Impact 
Normalized Tax Rate Adjustment 
Ongoing Business Measure 

Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2017 
2015
$  9.83
$  4.70 
  2.52
  3.70 
  —
  0.27 
  0.80
  — 
  — 
  0.44
 (0.58)
  — 
  0.19
  — 
 (0.78)
  — 
  — 
  0.53
 (0.57)
 (0.56) 
  —
  5.63 
$ 13.74 
$ 12.38

2016 
$ 11.50 
  2.24 
  — 
  1.11 
  — 
  — 
  — 
  — 
 (0.30) 
 (0.49) 
  — 
$ 14.06 

Earnings Per Diluted Share

Performance Graph
The graph below compares the yearly dollar change in the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock against the 
cumulative total return of Standard & Poor’s [S&P] Composite 500 Stock Index and the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 
Household Durables Index for the last five fiscal years.** The graph assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2012, in 
Whirlpool Corporation common stock, the S&P 500 and the S&P Household Durables Index.
** Cumulative total return is measured by dividing [1] the sum of [a] the cumulative amount of the dividends for the measurement period, assuming 

dividend reinvestment, and [b] the difference between share price at the end and at the beginning of the measurement period by [2] the share price at the 
beginning of the measurement period.

Total Return to Shareholders
(Includes reinvestment of dividends)
 
 
Company/Index 
Whirlpool Corporation 
S&P 500 Index 
S&P 500 Household Durables 

 

 

 

 
 
Company/Index 
Whirlpool Corporation 
S&P 500 Index 
S&P 500 Household Durables 

Base Period 

Dec. ’12 
$100 
100 
100 

ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE

Dec. ’13 
57.00% 
32.39 
31.08 

Dec. ’14 
25.81% 
13.69 
18.54 

Years Ending

Dec. ’15 
-22.71% 

1.38 
0.12 

Dec. ’16 
26.71% 
11.96 
7.42 

Dec. ’17
 
-4.89%
21.82
18.65

INDEXED RETURNS

Years Ending

Dec. ’13               Dec. ’14              Dec. ’15               Dec. ’16               Dec. ’17
 Dec. ’13 
$183.98
$157.00 
208.12
132.39 
131.08 
198.28

Dec. ’14 
$197.52 
150.51 
155.38 

Dec. ’15 
$152.66 
152.59 
155.57 

$193.44 
170.84 
167.11 

Dec. ’16 

$250

$200

$150

$100

18

2012
 Whirlpool Corporation          S&P 500 Index          S&P 500 Household Durables

2015

2014

2013

2016

2017

Whirlpool Corporation / 2017 Annual ReportUNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K                                    

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission file number 1-3932

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State of Incorporation) 

2000 North M-63, Benton Harbor, Michigan  

(Address of principal executive offices) 

38-1490038

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

49022-2692
(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code (269) 923-5000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common stock, par value $1 per share  

Title of each class                                                     
   

Name of each exchange on which registered

Chicago Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange

0.625% Senior Notes due 2020  

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

Yes  No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.         Yes  No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such report), and (2) has been subject to such 
Yes  No
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data 
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).                                                                                Yes  No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained 
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and 
"emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one)
          Large accelerated filer  
          Non-accelerated filer 

 (Do not check if a smaller reporting  company)

Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 
Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with 
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).                                       Yes  No
The aggregate market value of voting common stock of the registrant held by stockholders not including voting stock held by directors and 
executive officers of the registrant and certain employee plans of the registrant (the exclusion of such shares shall not be deemed an admission by 
the registrant that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant) at the close of business on June 30, 2017 (the last business day of the 
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was  $13,656,775,240.
On February 9, 2018, the registrant had 70,688,134 shares of common stock outstanding.

Portions of the following documents are incorporated herein by reference into the Part of the Form 10-K indicated:

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The registrant's proxy statement for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") 

 

Part III

Document

Part of Form 10-K into which incorporated

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

  
PART I 

 

Item 1. 
Business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1A. Risk Factors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 2. 
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PART II

Purchases of Equity Securities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Selected Financial Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer 
Item 6.
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 8.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 
Disclosure  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 9B. Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Item 9.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 11. Executive Compensation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. . . . . . . .
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PAGE

3
9
17 
18 
18 
18

19 

20

21 
39 
40

80 
80 
80

81 
81 
81

82 
82

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

83 
83

SIGNATURES

89

PART I

ITEM 1.      BUSINESS

Our Company
More than 100 years of delivering value one moment at a time

Whirlpool Corporation ("Whirlpool"), the number one major appliance manufacturer in the world, was incorporated in 
1955 under the laws of Delaware as the successor to a business that traces its origin to 1898. Whirlpool manufactures 
products in 15 countries and markets products in nearly every country around the world. We have received worldwide 
recognition for accomplishments in a variety of business and social efforts, including leadership, diversity, innovative 
product design, business ethics, social responsibility and community involvement.  We conduct our business through 
four operating segments, which we define based on geography.  Whirlpool's operating segments consist of North 
America, Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), Latin America and Asia.  As of December 31, 2017, Whirlpool had 
net sales of approximately $21 billion and 92,000 employees.  

As used herein, and except where the context otherwise requires, "Whirlpool," "the Company," "we," "us," and "our" refer 
to Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. The number one major appliance manufacturer in the world 
is based on most recently available publicly reported annual revenues among leading appliance manufacturers.

Our Strategic Architecture

Our strategic architecture is the foundational component that drives our shareholder value creation. It drives our strategy 
that is centered around our product leadership, brand leadership, operating excellence and people excellence. Below 
are the key components of our strategic architecture.

Vision
The Best Branded Consumer Products... In Every Home Around The World

Mission
Create Demand and Earn Trust Every Day

Strategy

Product 
Leadership
Operating 
Excellence

Brand 

Leadership

People 
Excellence

Values
Respect   Integrity   Diversity & Inclusion   Teamwork   Spirit of Winning

Unique Global Position

Whirlpool  Corporation  is  committed  to  delivering  significant,  long-term  value  to  both  our  consumers  and  our 
shareholders. For consumers, we deliver value through innovative, high-quality products that solve everyday problems. 
For  our  shareholders,  we  seek  to  deliver  differentiated  value  through  our  four  strategic  pillars  -  global  leading 
manufacturer, best brand portfolio, legacy of innovation and best cost position.  

3

Global Leading 
Manufacturer

Best Brand 
Portfolio

Legacy of 
Innovation

Best Cost 
Position

Global Leading Manufacturer

We are the number one major appliance manufacturer in the world.

Our leading market position includes a balance of developed countries and emerging markets. As demand recovers 
in key emerging markets, we believe we are well positioned to benefit and convert this demand into profitable growth. 

Best Brand Portfolio

We have the best brand portfolio in the industry, including seven brands with more than $1 billion in revenue. 

  

We aim to position these desirable brands across many consumer segments. Our sales are led by our global brands, 
including Whirlpool and KitchenAid. Whirlpool is trusted throughout the world as a brand that delivers innovative care 
daily. Our KitchenAid brand brings a combination of innovation and design that inspires and fuels the passion of chefs, 
bakers and kitchen enthusiasts worldwide. These two brands are the backbone of our strategy to offer differentiated 
products that provide exceptional performance and desirable features while remaining affordable to consumers. 

We also have a number of strong regional and local brands, including Maytag, Brastemp, Consul, Hotpoint*, Indesit, and 
Bauknecht. These brands add to our unmatched depth and breadth of appliance offerings and help us provide products 
that are tailored to local consumer needs and preferences. 

*Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.

4

Legacy of Innovation

Whirlpool Corporation has been responsible for a number of first-to-market innovations. From the first electric wringer 
washer in 1911, followed by the first residential stand mixer in 1919, to the first countertop microwave in 1967 and the 
first energy and water efficient top-load washer in 1998, we are proud of our legacy of innovation. 

While we are proud of that legacy, we are also committed to innovating for a new generation of consumers. Our world-
class  innovation  pipeline  has  accelerated  over  the  last  few  years,  driven  by  consistent  innovation  funding  and  a 
passionate culture of employees focused on bringing new technologies to market. This year, we launched more than 
100 new products throughout the world, and we are committed to further accelerating our pace of innovation.

As the shift to digital continues, consumers are beginning to desire connected appliances which fit seamlessly into 
the larger home ecosystem. We are excited to bring new connected technologies to market, including scan-to-cook, 
voice control, and remote service diagnostics. Whether developed internally or with one of our many collaborators,  we 
believe these digitally-enabled services will increasingly enhance the appliance experience for our consumers.

Whirlpool manufactures and markets a full line of major home appliances and related products. Our principal products 
are laundry appliances, refrigerators and freezers, cooking appliances, dishwashers, mixers and other small domestic 
appliances.  We  also  produce  hermetic  compressors  for  refrigeration  systems.  The  following  chart  provides  the 
percentage of net sales for each of our product categories which accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net 
sales over the last three years:

Best Cost Position

As the number one major appliance manufacturer in the world, we have a cost benefit on everything we do based on 
scale, and are committed to a relentless focus on cost efficiency. Our global scale enables our local-for-local production 
model. We are focused on producing as efficiently as possible and at scale throughout the world. 

5

As the global environment continues to change, we believe our strong capabilities for cost takeout allow us to effectively 
cope with macroeconomic challenges, and we see additional opportunities to further streamline our cost structure. 
For example, we are on a journey to reduce the complexity of our designs and product platforms. This initiative, among 
many others, will enable us to utilize increased modular production, improved scale in global procurement, and further 
streamline our day to day manufacturing operations.

We believe our cost position is clearly differentiated in the appliance industry and we are committed to even further 
improvement, creating strong levels of value for our shareholders, regardless of the external environment.

Value Creation Framework

Our long-term value creation framework is built upon the strong foundation we have in place: our industry-leading brand 
portfolio  and robust product innovation pipeline, supported  by our global operating platform and executed by our 
exceptional  employees  throughout  the  world.  We  measure  these  value-creation  components  by  focusing  on  the 
following key metrics:

Profitable Growth 

Margin Expansion

Cash Conversion

Innovation-fueled 
growth at or above 

the market

3-5% 

Annual Organic 
Net Sales Growth

Drive cost and mix 
to grow profitability

Asset efficiency 

converts profitable 

growth to cash

10% 

EBIT Margin 

(by 2020)

5-6%

(by 2018)

FCF as % of Net Sales 

Net Sales

YoY 
Change

Net Earnings 
Available to 
Whirlpool (1)

Ongoing 

EBIT 

Margin (1)

2017
2016
2015

$21.3B
$20.7B
$20.9B

2.6%             $350M
(0.8)%            $888M
5.1%             $783M

6.4%
7.3%
6.9%

Ongoing

EBIT Margin 
YoY Change

Cash Provided 
by Operating 
Activities (1)
(0.9)%             $1,264M
0.4%              $1,203M
0.0%              $1,225M

Free Cash 

Flow (1)

FCF as % of 
Net Sales

$707M
$630M
$620M

3.3%
3.0%
3.0%

(1) Net Earnings Available to Whirlpool and Cash Provided by Operating Activities are the most comparable GAAP measures to Ongoing EBIT Margin 
and Free Cash Flow, respectively, which are non-GAAP financial measures.  For additional information and a reconciliation for these non-GAAP 
financial measures, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section in Management's Discussion and Analysis of this Form 10-K. 

Capital Allocation Strategy

We take a balanced approach to capital allocation by focusing on the following key metrics:

Fund the Business 

Capex / R&D

Mergers & Acquisitions

Return to Shareholders 
Dividends 
Share Repurchase
Targeted Capital Structure

Target
Capex: ~3.5% of net sales 
R&D: ~3% of net sales
Explore value-creating M&A to accelerate strategy

Target
25-30% of trailing 12-month earnings
Continued repurchasing
Maintain strong investment grade rating

We remain confident in our ability to effectively manage our business regardless of the operating environment and 
expect to continue delivering long-term value for all of our shareholders.

6

Regional Business Summary

North America

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

(EMEA)

Latin America

Asia

•      In the United States, we market and distribute major home appliances and small 
domestic  appliances  primarily  under  the  Whirlpool,  Maytag,  KitchenAid,  Jenn-Air,  
Amana,  Roper, Admiral, Affresh  and  Gladiator  brand names  primarily  to retailers, 
distributors and builders.

•      In Canada, we market and distribute major home appliances primarily under the 
Admiral,  Whirlpool,  Maytag,  Jenn-Air,  Amana,  Roper,  Estate,  Speed  Queen  and 
KitchenAid brand names.

•      In Mexico, we market and distribute major home appliances primarily under the 

Whirlpool, Maytag, Acros, KitchenAid and Supermatic brand names.

•   We sell some products to other manufacturers, distributors, and retailers for resale 
in North America under those manufacturers' and retailers' respective brand names.

•  

In EMEA, we market and distribute our major home appliances primarily under the 
Whirlpool, Bauknecht, Ignis, Maytag, Laden, Indesit and Privileg brand names.  We 
also  market  major  home  appliances  and  small  domestic  appliances  under  the 
KitchenAid, Hotpoint*, and Hotpoint-Ariston brand name.

•   We market and distribute a full line of products under the Whirlpool and KIC brand 
names in South Africa.  We also market and distribute products under the Whirlpool, 
Bauknecht, Maytag, Indesit, Ariston, Amana and Ignis brand names to distributors 
and dealers in Africa and the Middle East.  

•      In addition to our operations in Western and Eastern Europe, Turkey and Russia, we 

have sales subsidiaries in Morocco and Dubai.

•      In Latin America, we market and distribute our major home appliances and small 
domestic appliances primarily under the Consul, Brastemp, Whirlpool and KitchenAid 
brand names.

•      We manage sales and distribution through our local entities in Brazil, Argentina, 

Chile, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and Guatemala.

•      We also serve the countries of Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela, and certain 
Caribbean and Central America countries, where we manage appliances sales and 
distribution through accredited distributors.

•      Our Latin America operations also produce hermetic compressors for refrigeration 

systems.

•      In  Asia,  we  have  organized  the  marketing  and  distribution  of  our  major  home 

appliances and small domestic appliances into five operating groups.

•      These  five groups are: (1) mainland  China;  (2) Hong  Kong and Taiwan; (3) India, 
which  includes  Bangladesh,  Sri  Lanka,  Nepal  and  Pakistan;  (4) Oceania,  which 
includes Australia, New Zealand and Pacific Islands; and (5) Southeast Asia, which 
includes Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Korea, 
Myanmar and Japan.

•      We market and distribute our products in Asia primarily under the Whirlpool, Maytag, 
KitchenAid, Amana, Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Diqua, and Royalstar brand names through 
a combination of direct sales to appliance retailers and chain stores and through 
full-service distributors to a large network of retail stores.                                       

*Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.

7

Competition

Competition in the major home appliance industry is intense, including competitors such as Arcelik, Bosch Siemens, 
Electrolux, Haier, Kenmore, LG, Mabe, Midea, Panasonic and Samsung, many of which are increasingly expanding 
beyond their existing manufacturing footprint. The competitive environment includes the impact of a changing retail 
environment,  including  the  shifting  of  consumer  purchase  preferences towards  e-commerce  and  other  channels.  
Moreover, our customer base includes large, sophisticated trade customers who have many choices and demand 
competitive products, services and prices.  We believe that we can best compete in the current environment by focusing 
on introducing new and innovative products, building strong brands, enhancing trade customer and consumer value 
with our product and service offerings, expanding our regional footprint and trade distribution channels, increasing 
productivity, improving quality, lowering costs, and taking other efficiency-enhancing measures. 

Raw Materials and Purchased Components

We are generally not dependent upon any one source for raw materials or purchased components essential to our 
business. In areas where a single supplier is used, alternative sources are generally available and can be developed 
within the normal manufacturing environment. Some supply disruptions and unanticipated costs may be incurred in 
transitioning to a new supplier if a prior single supplier relationship was abruptly interrupted or terminated. In the event 
of a disruption, we believe that we will be able to qualify and use alternate materials, sometimes at premium costs, 
and that such raw materials and components will be available in adequate quantities to meet forecasted production 
schedules.

Research and Development

Expenditures for research and development relating to new and innovative products and the improvement of existing 
products were approximately $596 million, $604 million and $579 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Trademarks, Licenses and Patents

We consider the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets we own, and the licenses we hold, in the aggregate, 
to be a valuable asset. Whirlpool is the owner of a number of trademarks in the United States and foreign countries.  
The  most  important  trademarks  to  North  America  are  Whirlpool,  Maytag,  Jenn-Air,  KitchenAid,  Amana  and  Acros.                                                                                      
The most important trademarks to EMEA are Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Bauknecht, Indesit, Hotpoint*, Hotpoint-Ariston and Ignis. 
The most important trademarks to Latin America are Consul, Brastemp, Whirlpool and KitchenAid.   The most important 
trademarks to Asia are Whirlpool and Royalstar.  We receive royalties from licensing our trademarks to third parties to 
manufacture, sell and service certain products bearing the Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Amana and Bauknecht brand 
names. We continually apply for and obtain United States and foreign patents. The primary purpose in obtaining patents 
is to protect our designs and technologies.

Protection of the Environment

Our  manufacturing  facilities  are  subject  to  numerous  laws  and  regulations  designed  to  protect  or  enhance  the 
environment, many of which require federal, state, or other governmental licenses and permits with regard to wastewater 
discharges, air emissions, and hazardous waste management. Our policy is to comply with all such laws and regulations. 
Where laws and regulations are less restrictive, we have established and are following our own standards, consistent 
with our commitment to environmental responsibility.

We believe that we are in compliance, in all material respects, with presently applicable governmental provisions relating 
to  environmental  protection  in  the  countries  in  which  we  have manufacturing  operations. Compliance  with  these 
environmental laws and regulations did not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings, or our competitive 
position during 2017 and is not expected to be material in 2018.

The entire major home appliance industry, including Whirlpool, must contend with the adoption of stricter government 
energy and environmental standards. These standards have been and continue to be phased in over the past several 
years and include the general phase-out of ozone-depleting chemicals used in refrigeration, and energy and related 
standards for  selected  major  appliances,  regulatory restrictions on  the  materials  content  specified  for  use  in  our 
products by some jurisdictions and mandated recycling of our products at the end of their useful lives. Compliance 
with these various standards, as they become effective, will require some product redesign. However, we believe, based 
on our understanding of the current state of proposed regulations, that we will be able to develop, manufacture, and 
market products that comply with these regulations.

8

Whirlpool participates in environmental assessments and cleanup at a number of locations globally.  These include 
operating and non-operating facilities, previously owned properties and waste sites, including "Superfund" (under the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA)) sites. However, based upon our 
evaluation of the facts and circumstances relating to these sites along with the evaluation of our technical consultants, 
we do not presently anticipate any material adverse effect on our financial statements arising out of the resolution of 
these matters  or  the  resolution of  any  other  known  governmental proceeding regarding environmental protection 
matters.

Other Information

For information about the challenges and risks associated with our foreign operations, see "Risk Factors" under Item 1A.

For certain other financial information concerning our business segments and foreign and domestic operations, see 
Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

For information on our global restructuring plans, and the impact of these plans on our operating segments, see Note 
11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following table sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers on February 13, 2018, the positions and 
offices they held on that date, and the year they first became executive officers:

Name 

Office

Jeff M. Fettig 
Marc R. Bitzer
James W. Peters
João C. Brega
Esther Berrozpe Galindo
Joseph T. Liotine

Director, Executive Chairman of the Board 
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Latin America 
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool EMEA 
Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool North America 

First Became 
an Executive 

Officer
1994 
2006 
2016 
2012 
2013 
2014 

Age
60
53
48
54
48
45

The executive officers named above were elected by our Board of Directors to serve in the office indicated until the 
first meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of stockholders in 2018 and until a successor is 
chosen and qualified or until the executive officer's earlier resignation or removal. Each of our executive officers has 
held the position set forth in the table above or has served Whirlpool in various executive or administrative capacities 
for at least the past five years.

Available Information

Financial results and investor information (including Whirlpool's Form 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports) are accessible at 
Whirlpool's website: investors.whirlpoolcorp.com. Copies of our Form 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K reports and amendments, 
if any, are available free of charge through our website on the same day they are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities 
and Exchange Commission.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

This report contains statements referring to Whirlpool that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking 
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are 
intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, are 
based on current projections about operations, industry conditions, financial condition and liquidity. Words that identify 
forward-looking statements include words such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan," "predict," "forecast," 
"potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," and words and terms 
of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance, an acquisition 
or  merger,  or  our  businesses.  In  addition,  any  statements  that  refer  to  expectations,  projections,  or  other 
characterizations  of  future  events  or  circumstances,  including  any  underlying  assumptions,  are  forward-looking 

9

statements.  Those statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are 
difficult  to  predict.  Therefore,  actual  results  could  differ  materially  and  adversely  from  these  forward-looking 
statements.

We have listed below the most significant strategic, operational, financial, and legal and compliance risks relating to 
our business.  

STRATEGIC RISKS

We face intense competition in the major home appliance industry  and failure to successfully compete could 
negatively affect our business and financial performance.

Each of our operating segments operates in a highly competitive business environment and faces intense competition 
from  a  growing  number  of  competitors,  many  of  which  have  strong  consumer  brand  equity.  Several  of  these 
competitors, such as Arcelik, Bosch Siemens, Electrolux, Haier, Kenmore, LG, Mabe, Midea, Panasonic and Samsung 
are  large,  well-established  companies,  many  ranking among  the  Global  Fortune  150,  and  have  demonstrated a 
commitment to global success. Moreover, our customer base includes large, sophisticated trade customers who 
have many choices and demand competitive products, services and prices. Competition in the global appliance 
industry is based on a number of factors including selling price, product features and design, performance, innovation, 
reputation, energy efficiency, quality, cost, distribution, and financial incentives, such as cooperative advertising, co-
marketing funds, sales person incentives, volume rebates and terms. Many of our competitors are increasingly 
expanding beyond their existing manufacturing footprints. Our competitors, especially global competitors with low-
cost sources of supply and/or highly protected home marketplaces outside the United States, have aggressively 
priced their products and/or introduced new products to increase market share and expand into new geographies. 
Many of our competitors have established and may expand their presence in the rapidly changing retail environment, 
including the shifting of consumer purchasing practices towards e-commerce and other channels. If we are unable 
to successfully compete in this highly competitive environment, our business and financial performance could be 
negatively affected.

The loss of, or substantial decline in, sales to any of our key trade customers, major buying groups, and builders 
could adversely affect our financial performance.

We sell to a sophisticated customer base of large trade customers that have significant leverage as buyers over their 
suppliers. Most of our products are not sold through long-term contracts, allowing trade customers to change volume 
among suppliers. As the trade customers continue to become larger, they may seek to use their position to improve 
their profitability by various means, including improved efficiency, lower pricing, and increased promotional programs. 
If we are unable to meet their demand requirements, our volume growth and financial results could be negatively 
affected. The loss  or substantial decline in volume of sales to our key trade customers, major buying groups, builders, 
or any other trade customers to which we sell a significant amount of products, could adversely affect our financial 
performance.  Additionally, the  loss  of  market  share  or  financial  difficulties,  including  bankruptcy  and  financial 
restructuring, by these trade customers could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position and 
results of operations.

Failure to maintain our reputation and brand image could negatively impact our business.

Our brands have worldwide recognition, and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand 
image and reputation. Maintaining, promoting and growing our brands depends on our marketing efforts, including 
advertising and consumer campaigns, as well as product innovation. We could be adversely impacted if we fail to 
achieve any of these objectives or if, whether or not justified, the reputation or image of our company or any of our 
brands is tarnished or receives negative publicity. In addition, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against 
us, or product quality issues, could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence 
in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material 
to our operations.

In addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt 
to a rapidly changing media environment, including an increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination 
of  advertising  campaigns.  Inaccurate or  negative posts  or  comments  about  us  on  social  networking  and  other 
websites that spread rapidly through such forums could seriously damage our reputation and brand image. If we do 
not maintain, extend and expand our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations 
could be materially and adversely affected.

10

An  inability  to  effectively  execute  and  manage  our  business  objectives  could  adversely  affect  our  financial 
performance.

The highly competitive nature of our industry requires that we effectively execute and manage our business objectives 
including our global operating platform initiative. Our global operating platform initiative aims to reduce costs, expand 
margins, drive productivity and quality improvements, accelerate our rate of innovation, generate free cash flow and 
drive shareholder value. Our inability to effectively control costs and drive productivity improvements could affect 
our profitability. In addition, our inability to provide high-quality, innovative products could adversely affect our ability 
to maintain or increase our sales, which could negatively affect our revenues and overall financial performance. 
Additionally, our success is dependent on anticipating and appropriately reacting to changes in customer preferences, 
including the shifting of consumer purchasing practices towards e-commerce and other channels, and on successful 
new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. Our future results and 
our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our 
key product categories and geographic regions and upon our ability to successfully and timely identify, develop, 
manufacture, market, and sell new or improved products in these changing environments.

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, 
services and brands.

We consider our intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and the 
licenses we hold, to be a significant part and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual 
property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing 
agreements and third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect 
our trademarks, products, new features of our products, or our processes may diminish our competitiveness.

We have applied for intellectual property protection in the United States and other jurisdictions with respect to certain 
innovations and new products, design patents, product features, and processes. We cannot be assured that the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office or any similar authority in other jurisdictions will approve any of our patent applications. 
Additionally, the patents we own could be challenged or invalidated, others could design around our patents or the 
patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial 
advantage. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business, or contemplate doing business 
in the future, do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as United States law. 
As a result, these factors could weaken our competitive advantage with respect to our products, services, and brands 
in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance.

Moreover, while we do not believe that any of our products infringe on enforceable intellectual property rights of third 
parties, others may assert intellectual property rights that cover some of our technology, brands, products, or services. 
Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert 
the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Claims of intellectual property 
infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements or modify our products or services. We 
also may be subject to significant damages, injunctions against development and sale of certain products or services, 
or limited in the use of our brands.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

We face risks associated with our acquisitions and other investments and risks associated with our increased 
presence in emerging markets.

From time to time, we make strategic acquisitions, investments and participate in joint ventures. For example, we 
acquired Indesit and a majority interest in Hefei Sanyo in the fourth quarter of 2014. These transactions, and other 
transactions that we have entered into or which we may enter into in the future, can involve significant challenges 
and risks, including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or fails to produce a satisfactory 
return on our investment. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, applying our 
internal  control  processes  to  these  acquisitions,  and  managing  strategic  investments,  and  in  overseeing  the 
operations, systems and controls of acquired companies. For example, in 2017, we recorded an adjustment primarily 
for trade promotion accruals by our China business, and took certain actions as a result of our review of the conduct 
and  processes  involved.  Integrating  acquisitions  is  often  costly  and  may  require  significant  attention  from 
management. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter 
into a transaction. While our evaluation of any potential acquisition includes business, legal and financial due diligence 
with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews may not identify all 

11

of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, 
including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's previous activities or costs 
associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's legacy products.

Our growth plans include efforts to increase revenue from emerging markets, including through acquisitions. Local 
business practices in these countries may not comply with U.S. laws, local laws or other laws applicable to us or our 
compliance policies, which non-compliant practices may result in increased liability risks. For example, we may incur 
unanticipated costs, expenses or other liabilities as a result of an acquisition target's violation of applicable laws, 
such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
We  may  incur  unanticipated  costs  or  expenses,  including  post-closing  asset  impairment  charges,  expenses 
associated  with  eliminating  duplicate  facilities,  litigation,  and  other  liabilities.  In  addition,  our  recent  and  future 
acquisitions may increase our exposure to other risks associated with operating internationally, including foreign 
currency exchange rate fluctuations; political, legal and economic instability; inflation; changes in tax rates and tax 
laws; and work stoppages and labor relations.

Risks associated with our international operations may decrease our revenues and increase our costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2017, international operations represent approximately 52% of our net sales. We 
expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales for the foreseeable 
future. Accordingly, we face numerous risks associated with conducting international operations, any of which could 
negatively affect our financial performance. These risks include the following: 

•   Political, legal, and economic instability and uncertainty

•   Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations 

•   Changes in foreign tax rules, regulations and other requirements, such as changes in tax rates and statutory 

and judicial interpretations of tax laws 

•   Changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including sanctions resulting from the current political situation 

in countries in which we do business 

•  

Inflation and/or deflation

•   Changes in foreign country regulatory requirements

•   Various import/export restrictions and disruptions and the availability of required import/export licenses

•  

Imposition of tariffs and other trade barriers 

•   Managing widespread operations and enforcing internal policies and procedures such as compliance with 
U.S. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption regulations and anti-money laundering, such as the FCPA, and 
antitrust laws

•   Labor disputes and work stoppages at our operations and suppliers

•   Government price controls

•   The inability to collect accounts receivable

•   Limitations on the repatriation or movement of earnings and cash

As a U.S. corporation, we are subject to the FCPA, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign 
companies that are not subject to similar regulations. Additionally, any determination that we have violated the FCPA 
or other anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on us.

Terrorist attacks, armed conflicts, civil unrest, natural disasters, governmental actions and epidemics could affect 
our domestic and international sales, disrupt our supply chain, and impair our ability to produce and deliver our 
products. Such events could directly impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers.

12

We may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions, cybersecurity attacks and 
breaches in data security, which may materially adversely affect our operations, financial condition and operating 
results.

We depend on information technology to improve the effectiveness of our operations and to interface with our 
customers,  consumers  and  employees,  as  well  as  to  maintain  financial  accuracy  and  efficiency. Our  business 
processes  and  data  sharing  across  functions,  suppliers,  and  vendors  is  dependent  on  information  technology 
integration. The failure of any systems, whether internal or third-party, during normal operation, system upgrades, 
implementations,  or  connections,  could  disrupt  our  operations  by  causing  transaction  errors,  processing 
inefficiencies, delays or cancellation of customer orders, the loss of customers, impediments to the manufacture 
or shipment of products, other financial and business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property 
and the personally identifiable data of consumers and employees.

In addition, we have outsourced certain information technology support services and administrative functions, such 
as  system  application  maintenance  and  benefit  plan  administration,  to  third-party  service  providers  and  may 
outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If these service providers do not 
perform effectively, we may not achieve the expected cost savings and may incur additional costs to correct errors 
made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption, 
processing inefficiencies or the loss of or damage to intellectual property and personally identifiable information 
through system compromise, or harm employee morale.

Our information systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could also be impacted by inappropriate or 
mistaken activity of parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or disrupting business processes. Such 
unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets. Cybersecurity attacks are 
becoming more sophisticated and include malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and 
other  electronic  security  breaches  that  could  lead  to  disruptions  in  critical  systems,  unauthorized  release  of 
confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. These events could impact our customers, 
consumers, employees, third-parties and reputation and lead to financial losses from remediation actions, loss of 
business or potential liability or an increase in expense, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our 
business.

Product-related liability or product recall costs could adversely affect our business and financial performance.

We may be exposed to product-related liabilities, which in some instances may result in product redesigns, product 
recalls, or other corrective action. In addition, any claim, product recall or other corrective action that results in 
significant adverse publicity, particularly if those claims or recalls cause customers to question the safety or reliability 
of our products, may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We maintain product 
liability insurance, but it may not be adequate to cover losses related to product liability claims brought against us. 
Product liability insurance could become more expensive and difficult to maintain and may not be available on 
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. We may also be involved in certain class action and other litigation, for 
which no insurance is available. A cost effective market for product recall insurance may not exist, so any product 
recall we initiate could have a significant impact on our operating results and/or cash flows.

We regularly engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues as part of our ongoing effort to deliver 
quality products to our customers. We are currently investigating a limited number of potential quality and safety 
issues, and as appropriate, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances. Actual costs of these and 
any future issues depend upon several factors, including the number of consumers who respond to a particular 
recall, repair and administrative costs, whether the cost of any corrective action is borne by us or the supplier, and, 
if borne by us, whether we will be successful in recovering our costs from the supplier. The actual costs incurred as 
a result of these issues and any future issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition 
or results of operations.

13

The ability of suppliers to deliver parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities, 
and our ability to manufacture without disruption, could affect our global business performance.

We use a wide range of materials and components in the global production of our products, which come from 
numerous suppliers. Because not all of our business arrangements provide for guaranteed supply and some key 
parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply and pricing 
risk. In addition, certain proprietary component parts used in some of our products are provided by single-source 
unaffiliated third-party suppliers. We would be unable to obtain these proprietary components for an indeterminate 
period of time if these single-source suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply these 
components to us, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results.  Our operations and those 
of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, labor relations, intellectual 
property claims against suppliers, information technology failures, and hazards such as fire, earthquakes, flooding, 
or other natural disasters, insurance for any of which may not be available, affordable or adequate. Such disruption 
could interrupt our ability to manufacture certain products. Any significant disruption could negatively impact our 
revenue and/or earnings performance.

Our  ability  to attract, develop and  retain executives and  other  qualified  employees is  crucial  to our  results of 
operations and future growth.

We depend upon the continued services and performance of our key executives, senior management and skilled 
personnel, particularly professionals with experience in our business and operations and the home appliance industry. 
We cannot be sure that any of these individuals will continue to be employed by us. In the case of talent losses, 
significant time is required to hire, develop and train skilled replacement personnel. An inability to hire, develop,  
transfer retained knowledge, engage and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially hinder 
our business by, for example, delaying our ability to bring new products to market or impairing the success of our 
operations.

A deterioration in labor relations could adversely impact our global business.

As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately 92,000 employees. We are subject to separate collective bargaining 
agreements  with  certain  labor  unions,  which  generally  have  four  to  five  year  terms,  as  well  as  various  other 
commitments regarding our workforce. We periodically negotiate with certain unions representing our employees 
and may be subject to work stoppages or may be unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on the same or 
similar terms, or at all, all of which may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or 
results of operations.

FINANCIAL RISKS

Fluctuations and volatility in the cost of raw materials and purchased components could adversely affect our 
operating results.

The sources and prices of the primary materials (such as steel, resins, and base metals) used to manufacture our 
products  and  components  containing  those  materials  are  susceptible  to  significant  global  and  regional  price 
fluctuations  due  to  supply/demand  trends,  transportation  costs,  labor  costs,  government  regulations  (such  as 
conflict mineral provisions) and tariffs, changes in currency exchange rates, price controls, the economic climate, 
and other unforeseen circumstances. For example, we experienced significant raw material inflation during 2017, 
which negatively impacted our operating results.  Significant increases in these and other costs now and in the future 
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Foreign currency fluctuations may affect our financial performance.

We generate a significant portion of our revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in foreign currencies. 
Changes in the exchange rates of functional currencies of those operations affect the U.S. dollar value of our revenue 
and earnings from our foreign operations. We use currency forwards, net investment hedges, and options to manage 
our  foreign  currency  transaction  exposures.  We  cannot  completely  eliminate  our  exposure  to  foreign  currency 
fluctuations, which may adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, because our consolidated financial 
results are reported in U.S. dollars, if we generate sales or earnings in other currencies, the translation of those 
results into U.S. dollars can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those sales or earnings. 

14

Finally, the  amount  of  legal  contingencies  related  to  foreign  operations may  fluctuate  significantly  based  upon 
changes in  exchange rates and usually cannot be managed with currency forwards, options or other arrangements. 
Such fluctuations in exchange rates can significantly increase or decrease the amount of any legal contingency 
related to our foreign operations and make it difficult to assess and manage the potential exposure.

Goodwill and indefinite-life intangible asset impairment charges may adversely affect our operating results.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets, primarily trademarks, on our balance 
sheet. We test the goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and when events occur or 
circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset may be below its 
carrying amount. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to inherent uncertainties 
and changes in estimates and assumptions regarding revenue growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures, 
working capital requirements, tax rates, terminal growth rates, discount rates, royalty rates, benefits associated with 
a taxable transaction and synergistic benefits available to market participants. Declines in market conditions, a trend 
of weaker than anticipated financial performance for our reporting units or declines in projected revenue for our 
trademarks, a decline in our share price for a sustained period of time, an increase in the market-based weighted 
average cost of capital or a decrease in royalty rates, among other factors, are indicators that the carrying value of 
our goodwill or indefinite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. We may be required to record a goodwill or 
intangible asset impairment charge that, if incurred, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition 
and results of operations. 

Impairment of long-lived assets may adversely affect our operating results

Our  long-lived  asset  groups  are  subject  to  an  impairment  assessment  when  certain  triggering  events  or 
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds our estimate of future 
undiscounted cash flows of the operations related to the asset group, an impairment is recorded for the difference 
between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset group. The results of these tests for potential impairment 
may be adversely affected by unfavorable market conditions, our financial performance trends, or an increase in 
interest rates, among other factors. If as a result of the impairment test we determine that the fair value of any of 
our long-lived asset groups is less than its carrying amount, we may incur an impairment charge that could have a 
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We face inventory valuation risk.

We write down product and component inventories that have become obsolete or do not meet anticipated demand 
or net realizable value. No assurance can be given that, given the unpredictable pace of product obsolescence and 
business conditions with trade customers and in general, we will not incur additional inventory related charges. Such 
charges could negatively affect our financial condition and operating results.

We are exposed to risks associated with the uncertain global economy.

Uncertain and changing economic conditions within our regions, along with national debt and fiscal concerns in 
various regions and government austerity measures, are posing challenges to the industry in which we operate. A 
number  of  economic  factors,  including  gross  domestic  product,  availability  of  consumer  credit,  interest  rates, 
consumer sentiment and debt levels, retail trends, housing starts, sales of existing homes, the level of mortgage 
refinancing and defaults, fiscal and credit market uncertainty, and foreign currency exchange rates, currency controls, 
inflation and deflation, generally affect demand for our products.

Economic uncertainty and related factors exacerbate negative trends in business and consumer spending and may 
cause certain  customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from placing orders for our products. Uncertain  market 
conditions, difficulties in obtaining capital, or reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back 
operations, exit markets, merge with other retailers, or file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations, 
which can also result in lower sales and/or additional inventory. These conditions may similarly affect key suppliers, 
which could impair their ability to deliver parts and result in delays for our products or added costs. In addition, these 
conditions  may  lead  to  strategic  alliances  by, or  consolidation  of,  other  appliance  manufacturers,  which  could 
adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.

15

A decline in economic activity and conditions in certain areas in which we operate have had an adverse effect on 
our financial condition and results of operations in recent years, and future declines and adverse conditions could 
have a similar adverse effect.  Regional, political and economic instability in countries in which we do business may 
adversely affect business conditions, disrupt our operations, and have an adverse effect on our financial condition 
and results of operations. Uncertainty about future economic and industry conditions also makes it more challenging 
for us to forecast our operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritize the risks that may affect 
our businesses, sources and uses of cash, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to 
implement additional cost reduction efforts, including restructuring activities, which may adversely affect our ability 
to capitalize on opportunities in a market recovery. In addition, our operations are subject to general credit, liquidity, 
foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. Our ability to invest in our businesses, fund strategic acquisitions 
and refinance maturing debt obligations depends in part on access to the capital markets.

If we do not timely and appropriately adapt to changes resulting from the uncertain macroeconomic environment 
and industry conditions, or to difficulties in the financial markets, or if we are unable to continue to access the capital 
markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Significant differences between actual results and estimates of the amount of future funding for our pension plans 
and postretirement health care benefit programs, and significant changes in funding assumptions or significant 
increases in funding obligations due to regulatory changes, could adversely affect our financial results.

We have both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans that cover certain employees around the world. 
We  also  have  unfunded  postretirement  health  care  benefit  plans  for  eligible  retired  employees. The  Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, govern the funding 
obligations for our U.S. pension plans, which are our principal pension plans. Our U.S. defined benefit plans were 
frozen on  or  before December 31,  2006  for  substantially  all  participants.  Since 2007, U.S. employees have been 
eligible for an enhanced employer contribution under Whirlpool's defined contribution (401(k)) plan.

As of December 31, 2017, our projected benefit obligations under our pension plans and postretirement health and 
welfare benefit  programs exceeded the  fair  value  of  plan  assets  by  an  aggregate of  approximately $1.4  billion, 
including  $1.0  billion of  which  was  attributable  to  pension  plans  and $0.4  billion of  which  was  attributable  to 
postretirement health care benefits. Estimates for the amount and timing of the future funding obligations of these 
pension  plans  and  postretirement  health  and  welfare  benefit  plans  are  based  on  various  assumptions.  These 
assumptions include discount rates, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, life expectancies and health 
care cost trend rates. These assumptions are subject to change based on changes in interest rates on high quality 
bonds, stock and bond market returns, health care cost trend rates and regulatory changes, all of which are largely 
outside our control. Significant differences in results or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect 
our postretirement obligations and related future contributions and expenses.

LEGAL & COMPLIANCE RISKS

Unfavorable  results  of  legal and  regulatory proceedings  could  materially  adversely  affect  our  business  and 
financial condition and performance.

We are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks relating to, among other things, products, intellectual 
property  rights,  income  and  non-income  taxes,  environmental  matters,  corporate  matters,  commercial  matters, 
competition laws and distribution, marketing and trade practices, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, energy regulations, 
financial regulations and employment and benefit matters. For example, we are currently disputing certain income 
and non-income tax related assessments issued by the Brazilian authorities (see Notes 5 and 12 to the Consolidated 
Financial  Statements  for  additional  information  on  these  matters).  Unfavorable  outcomes  regarding  these 
assessments could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations in any 
particular reporting period. Results of such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and for some matters, 
such as class actions, no insurance is cost effectively available. Regardless of merit, such proceedings may be both 
time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel 
from our business operations. Such proceedings could also generate significant adverse publicity and have a negative 
impact on our reputation and brand image, regardless of the existence or amount of liability. We estimate loss 
contingencies  and  establish  accruals  as  required  by  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  based  on  our 
assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable, in light of the facts and 
circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments in legal proceedings, volatility 
in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates  and  other  factors  may  affect  our  assessment  and  estimates  of  the  loss 

16

contingency recorded and could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which a 
liability would  be  recognized or  cash flows  for  the period  in which  amounts  would  be  paid. Actual  results may 
significantly vary from our reserves.

We are subject to, and could be further subject to, governmental investigations or actions by other third parties.

We are subject to various federal, foreign and state laws, including antitrust and product-related laws and regulations, 
violations of which can involve civil or criminal sanctions. Responding to governmental investigations or other actions 
may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and could divert the attention of our management 
and key personnel from our business operations. The impact of these and other investigations and lawsuits could 
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity and results of operations.

Changes in the legal and regulatory environment, including changes in taxes and tariffs, could limit our business 
activities, increase our operating costs, reduce demand for our products or result in litigation.

The conduct of our businesses, and the production, distribution, sale, advertising, labeling, safety, transportation and 
use of many of our products, are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local 
governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government 
entities  and  agencies  in  countries  in  which  we  operate.  These  laws  and  regulations  may  change,  sometimes 
dramatically, as a result of political, economic or social events. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy 
and the related interpretations may alter the environment in which we do business and may impact our results or 
increase our costs or liabilities. In addition, we incur and will continue to incur capital and other expenditures to 
comply with various laws and regulations, especially relating to protection of the environment, human health and 
safety and energy efficiency. These types of costs could adversely affect our financial performance. Additionally, 
we could be subjected to future liabilities, fines or penalties or the suspension of product production for failing to 
comply with various laws and regulations, including environmental regulations. Cleanup obligations that might arise 
at any of our manufacturing sites or the imposition of more stringent environmental laws in the future could adversely 
affect us.

Additionally, as a global company based in the United States, we are exposed to the impact of U.S. tax changes, 
especially those that affect the effective corporate income tax rate. In addition to the changes recently enacted in 
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the U.S. federal government may propose additional changes to international trade 
agreements, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations.  At December 31, 2017, the Company had 
not completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; however, in certain 
cases the Company has made a reasonable estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances and impact 
of the one-time Transition Tax. The tax expense recognized represents the Company's best estimate of the impact 
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  During 2018, the Company will continue to refine the calculations related to both 
provisional amounts as it gains a more thorough understanding of the tax law, and certain aspects of the Tax Cuts 
and Jobs Act are clarified by the taxing authorities.  These regulatory changes could significantly impact our business 
and financial performance.  For additional information about our consolidated tax provision, see Note 12 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

17

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES

Our  principal  executive  offices  are  located  in  Benton  Harbor,  Michigan.  On December 31,  2017,  our  principal 
manufacturing  operations  were  carried  on  at 43 locations  in 15 countries  worldwide.  We  occupied  a  total  of 
approximately 86.4 million square feet devoted to manufacturing, service, sales and administrative offices, warehouse 
and distribution space. Over 42.3 million square feet of such space was occupied under lease.  Whirlpool properties 
include facilities which are suitable and adequate for the manufacture and distribution of Whirlpool's products.

 The Company's principal manufacturing sites by operating segment were as follows:

Operating Segment

North America

Europe, Middle East and

Africa

Manufacturing Locations

13

14

Latin America

10

Asia

6

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Information regarding legal proceedings can be found in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and is 
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

18

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER

MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Whirlpool's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the Chicago Stock Exchange. As of February 9, 
2018, the number of holders of record of Whirlpool common stock was approximately 9,904.

Quarterly market and dividend information can be found in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

On April 18, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $1 billion.  For the year ended 
December 31, 2017, we repurchased 4,010,000  shares at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $700 million
under this program.  As of  December 31, 2017, there were  no remaining funds authorized under this program. 

On July 25, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to $2 billion.  For 
the year ended December 31, 2017, we repurchased 305,500 shares at an aggregate purchase price of approximately    
$50 million under this program.  At December 31, 2017, there were approximately $1.95 billion in remaining funds 
authorized under this program. 

Share repurchases are made from time to time on the open market as conditions warrant. These programs do not 
obligate us to repurchase any of our shares and they have no expiration date.

The following table summarizes repurchases of Whirlpool's common stock in the three months ended December 31, 
2017:

Period (Millions of dollars, except number and
price per share)
October 1, 2017 through October 31, 2017
November 1, 2017 through November 30, 2017
December 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017
       Total

Number of

Average Price

Total

Shares

Purchased

370,200 $
857,499
—

Paid per
Share
161.99
163.37

—

Total Number of

Shares

Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced Plans

or Programs

Approximate
Dollar Value of

Shares that
May Yet Be
Purchased

Under the Plans
2,090
1,950
1,950

370,200 $
857,499

— $

1,227,699 $

162.95

1,227,699

19

ITEM 6.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

FIVE-YEAR SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

(Millions of dollars, except share and employee data)
CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS
Net sales
Restructuring costs
Depreciation and amortization
Operating profit
Earnings before income taxes and other items
Net earnings
Net earnings available to Whirlpool
Capital expenditures
Dividends paid
Repurchase of common stock
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION
Current assets
Current liabilities
Accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable, net
Property, net
Total assets
Long-term debt
Total debt(1)
Whirlpool stockholders' equity
PER SHARE DATA
Basic net earnings available to Whirlpool
Diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool
Dividends
Book value(2)
Closing Stock Price—NYSE
KEY RATIOS
Operating profit margin
Pre-tax margin(3)
Net margin(4)
Return on average Whirlpool stockholders' equity(5)
Return on average total assets(6)
Current assets to current liabilities
Total debt as a percent of invested capital(7)
Price earnings ratio(8)
OTHER DATA
Common shares outstanding (in thousands):
    Average number-on a diluted basis
    Year-end common shares outstanding
Year-end number of stockholders
Year-end number of employees
Five-year annualized total return to stockholders(9)

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

 
$

 
$

 
$

 

 

21,253
275
654
1,136
887
337
350
684
312
750

7,930
8,505
856
4,033
20,038
4,392
5,218
4,198

4.78
4.70
4.30
56.42
168.64

5.3%
4.2%
1.6%
7.8%
1.8%
0.9
50.4%
35.9

 
$

 
$

 
$

 

 

20,718
173
655
1,368
1,114
928
888
660
294
525

7,339
7,662
918
3,810
19,153
3,876
4,470
4,773

11.67
11.50
3.90
61.82
181.77

6.6%
5.4%
4.3%
18.7%
4.7%
1.0
43.8%
15.8

 
$

 
$

 
$

 

 

20,891
201
668
1,242
1,031
822
783
689
269
250

7,325
7,744
746
3,774
19,010
3,470
3,998
4,743

9.95
9.83
3.45
59.54
146.87

5.9%
4.9%
3.7%
16.3%
4.0%
0.9
41.3%
14.9

 
$

 
$

 
$

 

 

19,872
136
560
1,216
881
692
650
720
224
25

8,098
8,403
778
3,981
20,002
3,544
4,347
4,885

8.30
8.17
2.88
61.39
193.74

6.1%
4.4%
3.3%
13.3%
3.7%
1.0
42.9%
23.7

 
$

 
$

 
$

 

 

18,769
196
540
1,267
917
849
827
578
187
350

7,022
6,794
548
3,041
15,544
1,846
2,463
4,924

10.42
10.24
2.38
60.97
156.86

6.8%
4.9%
4.4%
18.0%
5.3%
1.0
33.0%
15.3

74,400
70,646
9,960
92,000

77,211
74,465
10,528
93,000

79,667
77,221
10,663
97,000

79,578
77,956
11,225
100,000

80,761
77,417
11,889
69,000

13.0%

33.6%

13.0%

22.0%

34.0%

(1)  Total debt includes notes payable and current and long-term debt. 
(2)  Total Whirlpool stockholders' equity divided by average number of shares on a diluted basis. 
(3)  Earnings (loss) before income taxes, as a percent of net sales. 
(4)  Net earnings available to Whirlpool, as a percent of net sales. 
(5)  Net earnings available to Whirlpool, divided by average Whirlpool stockholders' equity. 
(6)  Net earnings available to Whirlpool, divided by average total assets. 
(7)  Total debt divided by total debt and total stockholders' equity. 
(8)  Closing stock price divided by diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool. 
(9)  Stock appreciation plus reinvested dividends, divided by share price at the beginning of the period. 

20

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This Management Discussion and Analysis should be read in connection with the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and  Selected  Financial  Data  included  in  this  Form  10-K.  Certain 
references to particular information in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are made to assist readers.

OVERVIEW

Whirlpool Corporation delivered record revenues and the second highest year ever in terms of ongoing earnings per 
share in 2017. These results were solid, but we committed to delivering better results, and the challenges we faced 
caused us to revise our outlook throughout the year.

We experienced significant raw material inflation during the year, particularly resins, which turned into a $600 million 
challenge for 2017 and 2018 combined. Our results were also impacted by slow progress on European and China 
integration activities. These two combined factors led to a performance shortfall against our targets. 

To offset these challenges, we have taken strong and decisive actions. We implemented cost-based price increases 
across the majority of our business effective early 2018, and have committed to a net fixed cost reduction of $150 
million, which is already over 80 percent implemented. We firmly believe these are the right actions and that we have 
the right strategy to deliver improved performance in 2018 and our long-term goals.

21

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following table summarizes the consolidated results of operations:

December 31,

Consolidated - In Millions (except per share data)
Units (in thousands)
Net sales
Gross margin
Selling, general and administrative
Restructuring costs
Interest and sundry (income) expense
Interest expense
Income tax expense
Net earnings available to Whirlpool
Diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool per share

2017
71,704
$ 21,253
3,602
2,112
275
87
162
550
350
4.70

$

Better/
(Worse)

—%
2.6
(2.2)
(1.5)
(58.9)

2016
71,692
$ 20,718
3,692
2,080
173
93
161
186
888
(60.6)
(59.1)% $ 11.50

6.5
(0.7)
nm

Better/
(Worse)
2.0%
(0.8)
0.9
2.8
13.9
nm
2.4
11.3
13.4
17.0%

2015
70,272
$ 20,891
3,660
2,143
201
46
165
209
783
9.83

$

nm: not meaningful
Consolidated net sales for 2017 increased 2.6% compared to 2016, primarily driven by favorable impacts from product 
price/mix and foreign currency. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, consolidated net sales for 2017 increased 
1.5%  compared  to  2016.  Consolidated  net  sales  for  2016  decreased  0.8%  compared  to  2015  primarily  driven  by 
unfavorable impacts from foreign currency and product price/mix, partially offset by higher unit volumes. Excluding 
the impact of foreign currency, consolidated net sales for 2016 increased 1.6% compared to 2015. 

For additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures including net sales excluding the impact of foreign 
currency, see the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis. 

The chart below summarizes the balance of net sales by operating segments for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The consolidated gross margin percentage for 2017 decreased to 16.9% compared to 17.8% in 2016, primarily driven 
by unfavorable impacts from raw material inflation across all regions and product price/mix in the EMEA region, partially 
offset by cost productivity and restructuring benefits. The consolidated gross margin percentage for 2016 increased 
to 17.8% compared to 17.5% in 2015, primarily due to ongoing cost productivity and acquisition synergies, unit volume 
growth, and benefits from cost and capacity-reduction initiatives, partially offset by the unfavorable impacts from 
product price/mix and foreign currency. 

22

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

North America

Following are the results for the North America 
region:

2017 compared to 2016 

Units sold for 2017 increased 4.8% compared to 2016. 

2016 compared to 2015 

Units sold for 2016 increased 7.7% compared to 2015. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Net sales for 2017 increased 4.6% compared to 2016 
primarily driven by unit volume growth. Excluding the 
impact of foreign currency, net sales increased 4.5% in 
2017 compared to the same period in 2016.

2016 compared to 2015 

Net sales for 2016 increased 3.9% compared to 2015  
primarily due to unit volume growth, partially offset by 
unfavorable  impacts  from  product  price/mix  and 
foreign  currency.  Excluding  the  impact  of  foreign 
currency, net sales increased 5.0% in 2016. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Gross  margin  percentage 
for  2017  decreased 
compared to 2016 primarily driven by an unfavorable 
impact  from  raw  material  inflation,  partially  offset 
by unit volume growth and favorable cost productivity.

2016 compared to 2015 

Gross margin percentage increased compared to 2015 
primarily  due  to  the  reclassification  of  certain 
components  of  net  periodic  benefit  cost  for  pension 
and  postretirement  benefits,  unit  volume  growth, 
ongoing  cost  productivity,  partially  offset  by 
unfavorable  product  price/mix, 
recognition  of 
postretirement-benefit curtailment  gains in 2015 and 
foreign currency.

23

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

EMEA
Following are the results for the EMEA region:

2017 compared to 2016 

Units sold for 2017 decreased 6.8% compared to 2016. 

2016 compared to 2015 

Units sold for 2016 decreased 1.9% compared to 2015. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Net sales for 2017 decreased 5.2% compared to 2016 
primarily driven by unit volume declines, partially offset 
by a favorable impact from foreign currency. Excluding 
the  impact  of  foreign  currency, net  sales  decreased 
6.8% in 2017.  

2016 compared to 2015 

Net sales for 2016 decreased 8.1% compared to 2015, 
primarily  due  to  unfavorable  impacts  from  foreign 
currency, product price/mix and unit volume declines.  
Excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  currency,  net  sales 
decreased 4.3% in 2016. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Gross  margin  percentage 
for  2017  decreased 
compared  to  2016  primarily  driven  by unfavorable 
impacts from product price/mix, unit volume declines 
and  raw  material  inflation,  partially  offset  by  cost 
productivity and restructuring benefits.

2016 compared to 2015 

Gross margin percentage for 2016 remained flat 
compared to 2015. 

24

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Latin America

Following are the results for the Latin America 
Region:

2017 compared to 2016 

Units sold for 2017 increased 1.9% compared to 2016. 

2016 compared to 2015 

Units  sold  for  2016  decreased  11.5%  compared  to 
2015. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Net sales for 2017 increased 7.2% compared to 2016 
primarily  driven  by  favorable  impacts  from  foreign 
currency, unit  volume growth,  product  price/mix  and 
the  sale  and  monetization  of  certain  tax  credits. 
Excluding  the  impact  of  foreign  currency,  net  sales 
increased 3.2% in 2017.

2016 compared to 2015 

Net sales for 2016 decreased 4.7% compared to 2015 
primarily due to unit volume declines and unfavorable 
impacts  from  foreign  currency,  partially  offset  by 
favorable product price/mix.  Excluding the impact of 
foreign currency, net sales decreased 1.5% in 2016. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Gross margin percentage for 2017 increased compared 
to 2016 primarily driven by favorable cost productivity 
and the sale and monetization of certain  tax credits, 
partially offset by unfavorable raw material inflation.

2016 compared to 2015 

Gross margin percentage for 2016 increased compared 
to 2015 primarily due to favorable product price/mix 
and  benefits  from  cost  and  capacity  reduction 
initiatives, partially offset by unit volume declines due 
to the weakened demand environment in Brazil.

25

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Asia
Following are the results of the Asia region:

2017 compared to 2016 

Units sold for 2017 increased 1.4% compared to 2016. 

2016 compared to 2015 

Units sold for 2016 increased 12.3% compared to 2015.

2017 compared to 2016 

Net sales for 2017 increased 3.0% compared to 2016 
primarily  driven  by  favorable  impacts  from  product 
price/mix  and  unit  volume growth.  Excluding  the 
impact of foreign currency, Asia net sales increased by 
2.9% in 2017.

2016 compared to 2015 

Net sales for 2016 increased 0.5% compared to 2015 
primarily due to unit volume growth, partially offset by 
unfavorable  impacts  from  product  price/mix  and 
foreign  currency.    Excluding  the  impact  of  foreign 
currency, Asia net sales increased 5.4% in 2016. 

2017 compared to 2016 

Gross margin percentage decreased in 2017 compared 
to 2016, primarily driven by unfavorable raw material 
inflation,  partially  offset  by  restructuring  benefits, 
favorable  cost  productivity,  unit  volume  growth  and 
favorable  impact  of  Chinese  government  incentives. 
Additionally, gross margin also includes an adjustment 
primarily related to trade promotion accruals in prior 
periods.

2016 compared to 2015 

Asia  gross  margin  percentage  decreased  in  2016, 
compared to 2015, primarily due to unfavorable product 
price/mix  and  increased  investments  in  marketing, 
technology and products, partially offset by unit volume 
growth and benefits from ongoing cost productivity. 

26

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Selling, General and Administrative

The following table summarizes selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales by operating 
segment:

Millions of dollars
North America
EMEA
Latin America
Asia
Corporate/other
Consolidated

December 31,

As a %

of Net Sales

2016

As a %

of Net Sales

2015

6.8 % $
11.4
9.7
16.3
—

783
577
304
216
200
9.9 % $ 2,080

7.0 % $
11.2
9.5
15.2
—

780
601
314
226
222
10.0 % $ 2,143

2017

$

795
556
331
240
190
$ 2,112

As a %

of Net Sales
7.3 %
10.7
9.4
16.0
—

10.3 %

Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of consolidated net sales in 2017 remained 
flat compared to 2016. Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of consolidated net 
sales in 2016 decreased compared to 2015, reflecting the favorable impact of acquisition synergies, partially offset 
by foreign currency.

Restructuring

We incurred restructuring charges of $275 million, $173 million and $201 million for the years ended December 31,  
2017,  2016 and 2015, respectively.  For the full year 2018, we expect to incur up to $200 million of restructuring charges, 
which should result in ongoing substantial cost reductions. 

For additional information about restructuring activities, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Interest and Sundry (Income) Expense

Interest and sundry (income) expenses were $87 million, $93 million and $46 million for the years ended December 
31,  2017,  2016 and 2015, respectively. The Interest and sundry  (income) expense decreased $6 million in 2017 
compared to 2016, primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign currency. During 2016, interest and sundry (income) 
expense increased $47 million compared to 2015, primarily due to the reclassification of certain components of net 
periodic benefit cost for pension and postretirement benefits. 

For additional information about the retrospective presentation and impact of net periodic benefit cost, see Note 1 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Interest Expense

Interest expenses were $162 million, $161 million and $165 million for the years ended December 31,  2017,  2016 and 
2015, respectively. Interest expense increased by $1 million in 2017 compared to 2016. This was primarily due to higher 
average long-term debt balances.  During 2016, interest expense decreased by $4 million compared to 2015.  This was 
a result of lower average interest rates on long-term debt, offset by higher average long-term debt balances. 

Income Taxes

Income tax expenses were $550 million, $186 million and $209 million for the years ended December 31,  2017,  2016
and 2015, respectively. The increase in tax expense in 2017 compared to 2016 is primarily due to the one-time charge 
of approximately $420 million as result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including the impact from a 
reduced tax rate on the valuations of deferred tax assets, the one-time deemed repatriation tax and other related items.  
Excluding the impact from tax reform, the decrease in tax expense compared to 2016 is primarily due to increased tax 
planning benefits.  The decrease in tax expense in 2016 compared to 2015 is primarily due to favorable audits and 
settlements and tax planning resulting in valuation allowance releases, partially offset by higher pre-tax earnings.

For additional information about our consolidated tax provision, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

27

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

FORWARD-LOOKING PERSPECTIVE

Earnings per diluted share presented below are net of tax, while each adjustment is presented on a pre-tax basis. The 
aggregate income tax impact of the taxable components of each adjustment is presented in the income tax impact 
line item at our anticipated 2018 full-year tax rate in the mid 20's. We currently estimate earnings per diluted share 
and industry demand for 2018 to be within the following ranges:

Estimated earnings per diluted share, for the year ending December 31, 2018

$12.45

—

$13.45

2018

Current Outlook

Including:

Restructuring Expense
Income Tax Impact

Industry demand
North America (1)
EMEA
Latin America (2)
Asia

(1) Reflects industry demand in the United States.
(2) Reflects industry demand in Brazil.

$(2.76)
$0.71

2%
1%
1%
2%

—
—
—
—

3%
2%
2%
4%

For the full-year 2018, we expect to generate cash from operating activities of $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion and free cash 
flow of approximately $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion, including primarily acquisition related restructuring cash outlays of 
up to $300 million, pension contributions of $34 million and, with respect to free cash flow, capital expenditures of 
approximately $675 million.

The table below reconciles projected 2018 cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP 
to free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure. Management believes that free cash flow provides stockholders with a relevant 
measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing Whirlpool's ability to fund its activities and obligations. There are 
limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures, including the difficulty associated with comparing companies that 
use similarly named non-GAAP measures whose calculations may differ from our calculations. We define free cash 
flow as cash provided by continuing operations less capital expenditures and including proceeds from the sale of 
assets/businesses, and changes in restricted cash. The change in restricted cash relates to the private placement 
funds  paid  by  Whirlpool  to  acquire  majority  control  of  Hefei  Sanyo  in  2014  and  which  are  used  to  fund  capital 
expenditures and technical resources to enhance Whirlpool China's research and development and working capital, 
as required by the terms of the Hefei Sanyo acquisition completed in October 2014. For additional information regarding 
non-GAAP  financial  measures,  see  the  Non-GAAP  Financial  Measures  section  of  Management's Discussion  and 
Analysis.

2018

Millions of dollars
Cash provided by operating activities(1)
Capital expenditures, proceeds from sale of assets/businesses and changes in restricted
cash
Free cash flow
$ 1,000 — $1,100
(1) Financial guidance on a GAAP basis for cash provided by (used in) financing activities and cash provided by (used in) investing activities has 
not been provided because in order to prepare any such estimate or projection, the Company would need to rely on market factors and certain 
other conditions and assumptions that are outside of its control.

$ 1,675 — $1,775

Current Outlook

~ (675)

The projections above are based on many estimates and are inherently subject to change based on future decisions 
made  by  management  and  the  Board  of  Directors of  Whirlpool,  and  significant  economic,  competitive  and  other 
uncertainties and contingencies.

28

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

We  supplement  the  reporting  of  our  financial  information  determined  under  U.S.  generally  accepted  accounting 
principles  (GAAP)  with  certain  non-GAAP  financial  measures,  some  of  which  we  refer to  as  "ongoing" measures, 
including:

•  Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) 
•  Ongoing EBIT
•  Ongoing EBIT margin
•  Sales excluding currency 
•  Ongoing net sales 
• 

Free cash flow

Ongoing measures exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, results from our ongoing operations 
and provide a better baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. Ongoing EBIT margin is calculated by 
dividing ongoing EBIT by ongoing net sales. Ongoing net sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 excludes 
$32 million primarily related to an adjustment for trade promotion accruals in prior periods. Sales excluding foreign 
currency is calculated by translating the current period net sales, in functional currency, to U.S. dollars using the prior-
year period's exchange rate compared to the prior-year period net sales. Management believes that sales excluding 
foreign currency provides stockholders with a clearer basis to assess our results over time, excluding the impact of 
exchange rate fluctuations. Management believes that free cash flow provides investors and stockholders with a 
relevant measure of liquidity and a useful basis for assessing the Company's ability to fund its activities and obligations. 
The Company provides free cash flow related metrics, such as free cash flow as a percentage of net sales, as long-
term management goals, not an element of its annual financial guidance, and as such does not provide a reconciliation 
of free cash flow to cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for 
these long-term goal metrics.  Any such reconciliation would rely on market factors and certain other conditions and 
assumptions that are outside of the Company's control. 

We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and stockholders in 
understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance, and reflect an additional way 
of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete 
understanding of our business. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible 
to compare these financial measures with other companies' non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar 
names. These ongoing financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported net 
earnings  available  to  Whirlpool,  net  sales,  and  cash  provided  by  (used  in)  operating  activities,  the  most  directly 
comparable GAAP  financial  measures. We strongly encourage investors and  stockholders to review our  financial 
statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.

Please refer to a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial 
measures below.

29

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Ongoing Earnings Before Interest & Taxes (EBIT) Reconciliation:
in millions

Net earnings available to Whirlpool
Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests
Income tax expense
Interest expense
Earnings before interest & taxes
Restructuring expense
Out-of-period adjustment
Legacy product warranty and liability expense
Acquisition related transition costs
Benefit plan curtailment gain
Gain related to a business investment
Pension settlement charges
Antitrust and dispute resolutions
Ongoing EBIT

Free Cash Flow (FCF) Reconciliation: 
in millions

Cash provided by operating activities
Capital expenditures, proceeds from sale of assets/businesses and
change in restricted cash
Free cash flow

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY

Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2017
2015

2016

$

350 $
(13)
550
162

888 $
40
186
161

$

1,049 $

1,275 $

275
40
—
—
—
—
—
—

173
—

(23)
86
—
—
—
—

$

1,364 $

1,511 $

783
39
209
165
1,196
201
—
42
64
(62)
(46)
15
35
1,445

Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2015
2017
$1,225

2016
$1,203

$1,264

(557)
$707

(573)
$630

(605)
$620

Our objective is to finance our business through operating cash flow and the appropriate mix of long-term and short-
term debt. We avoid concentrations of debt and reduce liquidity risk by diversifying the maturity structure. We have 
varying needs for short-term working capital financing as a result of the nature of our business. We regularly review 
our  capital  structure  and  liquidity  priorities,  which  include  funding  the  business  through  capital  and  engineering 
spending to support innovation and productivity initiatives, funding our pension plan and term debt liabilities, providing 
return to shareholders and potential acquisitions.

Our short term potential uses of liquidity include funding our ongoing capital spending, restructuring activities, funding 
pension plans and returns to shareholders. We also have $376 million of term debt maturing in the next twelve months, 
and are currently evaluating our options, which may include repayment through refinancing, free cash flow generation, 
or cash on hand.

We monitor the credit ratings and market indicators of credit risk of our lending, depository, and derivative counterparty 
banks regularly, and take certain action to manage credit risk. We diversify our deposits and investments in short term 
cash equivalents to limit the concentration of exposure by counterparty. 

As of December 31, 2017, we had cash or cash equivalents greater than 1% of our consolidated assets in China and 
Brazil, which represented 2.7% and 1.1%, respectively. In addition, we did not have any third-party accounts receivable 
greater than 1% of our consolidated assets in any single country outside of North America.  We continue to monitor 
general financial instability and uncertainty globally.

The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.2 billion at December 31, 2017, of which substantially 
all was held by subsidiaries in foreign countries. For each of its foreign subsidiaries, the Company makes an assertion 
regarding the amount of earnings intended for permanent reinvestment, with the balance available to be repatriated 
to the United States. The cash held by foreign subsidiaries for permanent reinvestment is generally used to finance 
the subsidiaries' operational activities and future foreign investments. Our intent is to permanently reinvest these funds 
outside of the United States and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the cash to fund our U.S. 
operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, we would be required to accrue and pay applicable United States 

30

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

taxes (if any) and withholding taxes payable to various countries. It is not practical to estimate the amount of the 
deferred tax liability associated with the repatriation of cash due to the complexity of its hypothetical calculation.

Sources and Uses of Cash

We met our cash needs during 2017 through cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and financing 
arrangements. Our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017 increased $111 million compared to the same 
period in 2016. 

The following table summarizes the net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents for the periods presented. 
Significant drivers of changes in our cash and cash equivalents balance during 2017 are discussed below:

Cash Flow Summary

Millions of dollars
Cash provided by (used in):

Operating activities
Investing activities
Financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes

$

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents $

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

2017

2016

2015

1,264 $
(655)
(553)
55
111 $

1,203 $
(588)
(278)
(24)
313 $

1,225
(681)
(707)
(91)
(254)

The increase in cash provided by operating activities during 2017 is primarily driven by effective credit management, 
improvement in working capital and lower cash expenditures related to legacy product corrective action, partially offset 
by lower net earnings. 

The timing of cash flows from operations varies significantly throughout the year primarily due to changes in production 
levels, sales patterns, promotional programs, funding requirements, credit management, as well as receivable and 
payment  terms.  Depending  on  the  timing  of  cash  flows,  the  location  of  cash  balances,  as  well  as  the  liquidity 
requirements of each country, external sources of funding are used to support working capital requirements.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

The increase in cash used in investing activities during 2017 primarily reflects an increase in capital expenditures, the 
net impact of purchases and proceeds related to held to maturity securities and investment in related businesses.

In June 2016, Whirlpool China Co., Ltd. ("Whirlpool China"), our majority-owned indirect subsidiary, entered into an 
agreement to return land use rights for land now occupied by two Whirlpool China plants in Hefei, China to a division 
of the Hefei municipal government.  The aggregate price for the return of land use rights was approximately RMB 687 
million (approximately $103 million as of June 27, 2016). Whirlpool China received RMB 280 million (approximately $42 
million) in 2016 and we received payments totaling RMB 280 million in 2017, with the remainder to be paid in 2018.  
The remaining balance is RMB 127 million  (approximately $19 million as of December 31, 2017).

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

The increase in cash used in financing activities during 2017 primarily reflects share repurchase activity, repayments 
of long-term debt and dividend payments, partially offset by net proceeds from long-term and short-term debt. Cash 
used in financing activities during 2016 primarily reflects share repurchase activity and repayments of long-term debt.  
Cash used in financing activities during 2015 primarily reflects share repurchase activity.

31

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Whirlpool Subsidiary Share Repurchase

On July 12, 2016, Whirlpool S.A. ("WHR SA") and Brasmotor S.A. ("BMT"), both majority-owned indirect subsidiaries of 
Whirlpool Corporation, issued public announcements in Brazil reporting that Whirlpool do Brasil Ltda., the controlling 
shareholder of both WHR SA and BMT, intended to acquire the outstanding common and preferred shares of WHR SA 
and BMT by means of tender offers for the publicly-held shares. At that time, Whirlpool do Brasil Ltda. and other 
Whirlpool entities held 99.20% of the common and 95.68% of the preferred shares of WHR SA and 99.40% of the 
common and 93.55% of the preferred shares of BMT. The tender offers were launched in November 2016 and concluded 
in December 2016. The offer for BMT was successful and the squeeze-out was completed in January 2017 at a total 
cost of approximately $31 million. The WHR SA tender offer was abandoned because the minimum number of interested 
minority shareholders was not obtained.

Financing Arrangements

The  Company  had  total  committed  credit  facilities  of  approximately $3.6  billion  as  of  December 31,  2017,  which 
increased by $500 million from December 31, 2016 due primarily to an increase under the Amended Long-Term Facility 
entered into during the third quarter  of 2017.  The facilities reflect the Company's growing global operations. The 
Company believes these facilities are sufficient to support its global operations. We had no borrowings outstanding 
under the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Dividends

In April 2017, our Board of Directors approved a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend on our common stock to $1.10 
per share from $1 per share.

Repurchase Program

For additional information about our repurchase program, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND FORWARD-LOOKING CASH REQUIREMENTS

The following table summarizes our expected cash outflows resulting from financial contracts and commitments:

 

Payments due by period

Millions of dollars
Long-term debt obligations(1)
Operating lease obligations
Purchase obligations(2)
United States & Foreign pension plans(3)
Other postretirement benefits(4)
Legal settlements(5)
Total(6)

Total

2018

2019 & 2020

2021 & 2022

Thereafter

$

6,227 $

976
614
752
310
7

506 $
222
179
52
41
7

1,091 $

341
278
125
76
—

792 $
194
112
150
63
—

$

8,886 $

1,007 $

1,911 $

1,311 $

3,838
219
45
425
130
—
4,657

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

Interest payments related to long-term debt are included in the table above. For additional information about our financing arrangements, 
see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Purchase obligations include our "take-or-pay" contracts with materials vendors and minimum payment obligations to other suppliers.
Represents the minimum contributions required for foreign and domestic pension plans based on current interest rates, asset return 
assumptions, legislative requirements and other actuarial assumptions at December 31, 2017. Management may elect to contribute 
amounts in addition to those required by law. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Represents our portion of expected benefit payments under our retiree healthcare plans.
For additional information regarding legal settlements, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
This table does not include credit facility and commercial paper borrowings. For additional information about short-term borrowings, see 
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. This table does not include future anticipated income tax settlements; see Note 12 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

32

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with financial institutions to issue bank guarantees, letters 
of credit and surety bonds. These agreements are primarily associated with unresolved tax matters in Brazil, as is 
customary under local regulations, and other governmental obligations and debt agreements. As of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, we had approximately $407 million and $327 million outstanding under these agreements, respectively.

For  additional  information  about  our  off-balance  sheet  arrangements,  see  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates 
and assumptions. We periodically evaluate these estimates and assumptions, which are based on historical experience, 
changes  in  the  business  environment  and  other  factors  that  management  believes  to  be  reasonable  under  the 
circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates.

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits

Accounting  for  pensions  and  other  postretirement  benefits  involves  estimating  the  costs  of  future  benefits  and 
attributing the cost over the employee's expected period of employment. The determination of our obligation and 
expense for these costs requires the use of certain assumptions. Those key assumptions include the discount rate, 
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, life expectancy, and health care cost trend rates. These assumptions 
are subject to change based on interest rates on high quality bonds, stock and bond markets and medical cost inflation, 
respectively. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and 
therefore, generally affect our recognized expense and accrued liability in such future periods. While we believe that 
our assumptions are appropriate given current economic conditions and actual experience, significant differences in 
results or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and other postretirement benefit 
obligations and related future expense.

Our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations at December 31, 2017 and preliminary retirement benefit 
costs for 2018 were prepared using the assumptions that were determined as of December 31, 2017. The following 
table summarizes the sensitivity of our December 31, 2017 retirement obligations and 2018 retirement benefit costs 
of our United States plans to changes in the key assumptions used to determine those results:

 

Millions of dollars
United States Pension Plans
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
United States Other Postretirement Benefit Plan
Discount rate
Health care cost trend rate

 

Percentage

Change

Estimated increase (decrease) in

2018 Expense

PBO/APBO*

for 2017

+/-50bps
+/-50bps

$                          1/(0) $                 (183)/209
–

(13)/13

+/-50bps
+/-100bps

1/(1)
–

(14)/15
–

*

Projected benefit obligation (PBO) for pension plans and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) for other postretirement
benefit plans.

These  sensitivities  may  not  be  appropriate  to  use  for  other  years'  financial  results.  Furthermore,  the  impact  of 
assumption changes outside of the ranges shown above may not be approximated by using the above results. For 
additional information about our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations, see Note 6 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.

33

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Income Taxes

We estimate our income taxes in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating actual 
current tax expense together with assessing any temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of certain 
items, such as the timing for recognizing expenses, for tax and accounting purposes. These differences may result in 
deferred tax assets or liabilities, which are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are required to assess 
the likelihood that deferred tax assets, which include net operating loss carryforwards, general business credits and 
deductible temporary differences, that are expected to be realizable in future years. Realization of our net operating 
loss and general business credit deferred tax assets is supported by specific tax planning strategies and, where possible, 
considers projections of future profitability. If recovery is not more likely than not, we provide a valuation allowance 
based on estimates of future taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions, and the amount of deferred taxes that 
are ultimately realizable. If future taxable income is lower than expected or if tax planning strategies are not available 
as  anticipated,  we  may  record  additional  valuation  allowances  through  income  tax  expense  in  the  period  such 
determination is made. Likewise, if we determine that we are able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in 
excess of net recorded amounts, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset will benefit income tax expense in the period 
such determination is made.

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had total deferred tax assets of $2.9 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively, net 
of  valuation  allowances  of  $178  million  and  $150  million,  respectively.  Our  income  tax  expense  has  fluctuated 
considerably over the last five years from $68 million in 2013 to $550 million in the current year. The tax expense has 
been influenced primarily by U.S. energy tax credits, foreign tax credits, audit settlements and adjustments, tax planning 
strategies, enacted legislation, and dispersion of global income. Future changes in the effective tax rate will be subject 
to several factors, including business profitability, tax planning strategies, and enacted tax laws. 

In addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. These audits 
can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. For additional information about 
income taxes, see Notes 1, 5 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Legacy Product Corrective Action Reserves

In the normal course of business, we engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues. As part of our 
ongoing effort to deliver quality products to consumers, we are currently investigating a limited number of potential 
quality and safety issues globally. As necessary, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances in the 
event that an investigation leads to the conclusion that such action is warranted. 

As part of that process, in 2015, Whirlpool engaged in thorough investigations of incident reports associated with two
of its dryer production platforms developed by Indesit. These dryer production platforms were developed prior to 
Whirlpool's acquisition of Indesit in October 2014. This led to Indesit reporting the issue to regulatory authorities for 
consideration. These discussions determined that corrective action of the affected dryers was required. Whirlpool has 
implemented modifications at the point of manufacture to ensure that dryers produced after October 2015 are not 
affected by this issue. An outreach and service campaign was undertaken to modify dryers that have already been 
sold. Such dryers were manufactured between April 2004 and October 2015 and sold in the UK and other countries in 
the  EMEA  region  under  the  Hotpoint*  and  Indesit  brand  names,  as  well  as  various  other  brands  owned  by  other 
manufacturers, distributors and retailers whose products Indesit produced.

During the third quarter of 2017, the corrective action was substantially complete and any remaining charges related 
to the action will be recorded under product warranty. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, Whirlpool 
had $61 million of cash settlements made related to the corrective action.

For  additional  information  about  the  legacy  product  corrective  action,  see  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

*Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.

34

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Warranty Obligations

The estimation of warranty obligations is determined in the same period that revenue from the sale of the related 
products is recognized. The warranty obligation is based on historical experience and represents our best estimate of 
expected costs at the time products are sold. Warranty accruals are adjusted for known or anticipated warranty claims 
as new information becomes available. New product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates 
until historical experience becomes available. Future events and circumstances could materially change our estimates 
and require adjustments to the warranty obligations. For additional information about warranty obligations, see Note 
5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill and Indefinite-Life Intangibles

Certain business acquisitions have resulted in the recording of goodwill and indefinite-life intangible assets, primarily 
trademark assets, which are not amortized.  At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had goodwill of approximately $3.1 
billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. We primarily have trademark assets with a carrying value of approximately $2.6 
billion as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

We perform our annual impairment assessment for goodwill and other indefinite-life intangible assets as of October 
1st or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.

In conducting a qualitative assessment, the Company analyzes a variety of events or factors that may influence the 
fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-life intangible, including, but not limited to: the results of prior quantitative 
assessments performed; changes in the carrying amount of the reporting unit or indefinite-life intangible; actual and 
projected revenue and operating margin; relevant market data for both the Company and its peer companies; industry 
outlooks; macroeconomic conditions; liquidity; changes in key personnel; and the Company's competitive position. 
Significant judgment is used to evaluate the totality of these events and factors to make the determination of whether 
it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit or indefinite-life intangible is less than its carrying value.

In 2017, the Company elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and primarily perform a quantitative analysis using 
a discounted cash flow model and other valuation techniques, to evaluate goodwill and certain indefinite-life intangible 
assets.

Goodwill Valuations

In performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate each reporting unit's fair value under an income approach using 
a discounted cash flow model. The income approach uses each reporting unit's projection of estimated operating 
results and cash flows that are discounted using a market participant discount rate based on a weighted-average cost 
of capital. The financial projections reflect management's best estimate of economic and market conditions over the 
projected period including forecasted revenue growth, operating margins, tax rate, capital expenditures, depreciation 
and amortization and changes in working capital requirements. Other assumptions include discount rate and terminal 
growth rate. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to their respective carrying values.

Additionally, we validate our estimates of fair value under the income approach by comparing the fair value estimate 
using a market approach. A market approach estimates fair value by applying cash flow multiples to the reporting 
unit's operating performance. The  multiples  are  derived  from  comparable publicly  traded companies  with  similar 
operating and investment characteristics of the reporting units.  We consider the implied control premium and conclude 
whether it is reasonable based on other recent market transactions.

Based on the results of our annual quantitative assessment conducted on October 1, 2017, the fair values of our North 
America, Latin America and Asia reporting unit's exceeded their respective carrying values in a range of 72% to 183%.

Based on the quantitative assessment performed, the fair value of the EMEA reporting unit exceeded its carrying value 
by approximately 3%.  The EMEA reporting unit has goodwill of $0.9 billion at December 31, 2017 primarily related to 
our acquisition of Indesit during the fourth quarter of 2014. 

In evaluating the EMEA reporting unit, significant weight was provided to the forecasted operating margins and discount 
rate, as we determined that these items have the most significant impact on the fair value of this reporting unit.

35

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

• 

Forecasted operating margins are expected to recover beginning in 2018 from the challenges associated with 
the  integration  beginning  from  the  stabilization  of  operations,  better  supply  chain  effectiveness  and 
commercial transformation efforts.

•  We used a discount rate of 11.75% based on market participant assumptions.

We performed a sensitivity analysis on our estimated fair value noting that a 50 basis point increase in the discount 
rate or a 5% reduction in the projected operating profit in each forecasted period would result in an impairment charge 
of approximately $86 million or $98 million, respectively.

If actual results are not consistent with management's estimate and assumptions, a material impairment charge of 
our goodwill could occur, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of 
operations.

Indefinite-Life Intangible Valuations

In performing a quantitative assessment of indefinite-life intangible assets other than goodwill, primarily trademarks, 
we estimate the fair value of these intangible assets using the relief-from-royalty method which requires assumptions 
related to projected revenues from our long-range plans; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own 
the trademark; and a discount rate using a market based weighted-average cost of capital. If the estimated fair value 
of the indefinite-life intangible asset is less than its carrying value, we would recognize an impairment loss.

Based on the quantitative assessment performed as of October 1, 2017, an impairment of our Diqua trademark was 
determined to exist, primarily driven by a significant decrease in the revenue projections due to a change in our brand 
strategy. This resulted in an impairment charge of $8 million which reduced the carrying value of this trademark to $31 
million.  There were no other impairments of indefinite-life intangible assets in 2017.

The fair value of the Indesit and Hotpoint* trademarks exceeded their carrying value by approximately 4% and 8%, 
respectively. For the Indesit and Hotpoint* trademarks, we expect revenue trends for these brands to improve as we 
continue to execute our brand leadership strategy and benefit from our new product investments.

The fair values of all other trademarks exceeded their carrying values by more than 10%.

In performing the quantitative analysis on these trademark assets, significant assumptions used in our relief-from-
royalty model included revenue growth rates, assumed royalty rates and the discount rate, which are discussed further 
below.

•  Revenue growth rates relate to projected revenues from our long-range plans and vary from brand to brand. 
Adverse changes in the operating environment or our inability to grow revenues at the forecasted rates may 
result in a material impairment charge. We performed a sensitivity analysis on the estimated fair values noting 
a 10% reduction of forecasted revenues to the Indesit and Hotpoint* trademark projections would result in an 
impairment charge of approximately $18 million and $5 million, respectively.

• 

• 

In determining royalty rates for the valuation of our trademarks, we considered factors that affect the assumed 
royalty rates that would hypothetically be paid for the use of the trademarks. The most significant factors in 
determining  the  assumed  royalty  rates  include  the  overall  role  and  importance  of  the  trademarks  in  the 
particular industry, the profitability of the products utilizing the trademarks, and the position of the trademarked 
products in the given market segment. Based on this analysis, we determined a royalty rate of 3% and 3.5% 
for our Indesit and Hotpoint* trademarks, respectively. We performed a sensitivity analysis on the estimated 
fair values for Indesit and Hotpoint* noting a 50 basis point reduction to the royalty rates would result in an 
impairment charge of approximately $42 million and $39 million, respectively.

In developing discount rates for the valuation of our trademarks, we used the market based weighted average 
cost of capital, adjusted for higher relative level of risks associated with doing business in other countries, as 
applicable, as well as the higher relative levels of risks associated with intangible assets. Based on this analysis, 
we determined the discount rates to be 15.0% for Indesit and Hotpoint*. We performed a sensitivity analysis 
on the estimated fair values for Indesit and Hotpoint* noting a 100 basis point increase to the discount rate 
would result in an impairment charge of approximately $12 million and $3 million, respectively.

*Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.

36

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

If actual results are not consistent with management's estimate and assumptions, a material impairment charge of 
our trademarks could occur, which could have an adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of 
operations.

For  additional  information  about  goodwill  and  intangible  valuations,  see  Note  3  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Additional  information  regarding  recently  issued  accounting  pronouncements  can  be  found  in  Note  1  to  the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

OTHER MATTERS

For  information  regarding  certain  of  our  loss  contingencies/litigation,  see  Note  5  to  the  Consolidated  Financial 
Statements.

Grenfell Tower

On June 23, 2017, London's Metropolitan Police Service released a statement that it had identified a Hotpoint–branded 
refrigerator as the initial source of the Grenfell Tower fire in West London.  U.K. authorities are conducting investigations, 
including regarding the cause and spread of the fire. The model in question was manufactured by Indesit Company 
between 2006 and 2009, prior to Whirlpool's acquisition of Indesit in 2014. We are fully cooperating with the investigating 
authorities and are in discussions with the U.K. regulator.   As these matters are ongoing, we cannot speculate on their 
eventual outcomes or potential impact on our financial statements; accordingly, we have not recorded any significant 
charges in 2017.  Claims may be filed related to this incident.

Antidumping and Safeguard Petition

As previously reported, in response to our December 2011 petition, the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) issued 
a final determination in 2013 that Samsung and LG violated U.S. and international trade laws by dumping washers 
from South Korea and Mexico into the U.S., and antidumping duties are now imposed on certain washers imported 
from South Korea and Mexico. Rather than comply with the 2013 order, Samsung and LG moved their washer production 
to China. Samsung and LG resumed dumping washers into the U.S. and Whirlpool responded in 2015 by filing a new 
antidumping petition against their imports. The DOC issued a final determination in 2016 that Samsung and LG violated 
U.S. and international trade laws by dumping washers from China into the U.S. As a result of these decisions, certain 
washers imported from China are now subject to antidumping duties set by the DOC. As in the case of our December 
2011 petition, the DOC and International Trade Commission (ITC) decisions could be followed by administrative review 
procedures and possible appeals over the next several years. 

In May 2017, we filed a safeguard petition with the ITC to address our concerns that Samsung and LG are evading U.S. 
trade laws by moving production from countries (South Korea, Mexico and China) covered by existing DOC antidumping 
duties. In contrast to the country-specific antidumping remedy that the U.S. Government applied to Samsung and LG 
in South Korea, Mexico and China, a safeguard remedy can address imports from Samsung and LG from any country 
that causes injury to U.S. washer manufacturers. In October 2017, the ITC determined increased washer imports were 
a substantial cause of serious injury to the U.S. washer industry and made a remedy recommendation to the U.S. 
President to address past harm and prevent future injury. In January 2018, the President signed a remedy order that 
took effect on February 7, 2018, effective for three years. In the first year, the President's remedy order imposes a 20% 
tariff on the first 1.2 million large residential washing machines imported by Samsung and LG, and a 50% tariff on such 
imports in excess of 1.2 million. The President's remedy order also imposes a 50% tariff on washer tub, drum, and 
cabinet imports ("covered parts") in excess of 50,000 units annually. The tariff rates on washers and covered parts 
decline slightly during the second and third years of the remedy.

Post-Retirement Benefit Litigation

For information regarding post-retirement benefit litigation, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

37

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

Customer Contracts

We regularly negotiate with trade customers, including Sears Holdings Corporation, regarding supply arrangements 
for future periods. In the fourth quarter of 2017 we were unable to reach agreement on terms with Sears regarding 
sales of our branded products, and consequently discontinued shipment of our branded products to Sears. These sales 
represented approximately 1% of our 2017 consolidated net sales. In the past, when faced with a potential volume 
reduction from any one particular segment of our trade distribution network, we generally have been able to offset 
such decline through increased sales throughout our broad distribution network.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by 
us or on our behalf. Certain statements contained in this annual report, including those within the forward-looking 
perspective section within this Management's Discussion and Analysis, and other written and oral statements made 
from time to time by us or on our behalf do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may contain forward-
looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. As such, 
they are considered "forward-looking statements" which provide current expectations or forecasts of future events. 
Such statements can be identified by the use of terminology such as "may," "could," "will," "should," "possible," "plan," 
"predict," "forecast," "potential," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "believe," "may impact," "on track," and 
similar words or expressions. Our forward-looking statements generally relate to our growth strategies, financial results, 
product  development,  and  sales  efforts.  These  forward-looking  statements  should  be  considered  with  the 
understanding that such statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, and may be 
affected by inaccurate assumptions. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed and actual results 
may vary materially. 

This document contains forward-looking statements about Whirlpool Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
("Whirlpool") that speak only as of this date. Whirlpool disclaims any obligation to update these statements. Forward-
looking statements in this document may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expected earnings per 
share, cash flow, productivity and raw material prices. Many risks, contingencies and uncertainties could cause actual 
results  to  differ  materially  from  Whirlpool's  forward-looking  statements.  Among  these  factors  are:  (1)  intense 
competition in the home appliance industry reflecting the impact of both new and established global competitors, 
including Asian and European manufacturers, and the impact of the changing retail environment; (2) Whirlpool's ability 
to maintain or increase sales to significant trade customers and the ability of these trade customers to maintain or 
increase market share; (3) Whirlpool's ability to maintain its reputation and brand image; (4) the ability of Whirlpool to 
achieve its business plans, productivity improvements, and cost control objectives, and to leverage its global operating 
platform, and accelerate the rate of innovation; (5) Whirlpool's ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights; 
(6) acquisition and investment-related risks, including risks associated with our past acquisitions, and risks associated 
with our increased presence in emerging markets; (7) risks related to our international operations, including changes 
in foreign regulations, regulatory compliance and disruptions arising from political, legal and economic instability; (8) 
information technology system failures, data security breaches, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; (9) 
product liability and product recall costs; (10) the ability of suppliers of critical parts, components and manufacturing 
equipment to deliver sufficient quantities to Whirlpool in a timely and cost-effective manner; (11) our ability to attract, 
develop and retain executives and other qualified employees; (12) the impact of labor relations; (13) fluctuations in 
the cost of key materials (including steel, resins, copper and aluminum) and components and the ability of Whirlpool 
to offset cost increases; (14) Whirlpool's ability to manage foreign currency fluctuations; (15) impacts from goodwill 
impairment and related charges; (16) triggering events or circumstances impacting the carrying value of our long-lived 
assets; (17) inventory and other asset risk; (18) the uncertain global economy and changes in economic conditions 
which affect demand for our products; (19) health care cost trends, regulatory changes and variations between results 
and  estimates  that  could  increase  future  funding  obligations  for  pension  and  postretirement  benefit  plans;  (20) 
litigation, tax, and legal compliance risk and costs, especially if materially different from the amount we expect to incur 
or have accrued for, and any disruptions caused by the same; (21) the effects and costs of governmental investigations 
or related actions by third parties; and (22) changes in the legal and regulatory environment including environmental, 
health and safety regulations, and taxes and tariffs. 

38

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - (CONTINUED)

We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, and investors are advised to review disclosures 
in our filings with the SEC. It is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could cause actual results to differ 
from expected or historic results. Therefore, investors should not consider the foregoing factors to be an exhaustive 
statement of all risks, uncertainties, or factors that could potentially cause actual results to differ from forward-looking 
statements. 

Additional information concerning these and other factors can be found in "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this report.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

MARKET RISK

We have in place an enterprise risk management process that involves systematic risk identification and mitigation 
covering the categories of enterprise, strategic, financial, operational and compliance and reporting risks. The enterprise 
risk management process receives Board of Directors and Management oversight, drives risk mitigation decision-
making and is fully integrated into our internal audit planning and execution cycle.

We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, domestic and foreign interest rates, 
and commodity prices, which can affect our operating results and overall financial condition. We manage exposure to 
these risks through our operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivatives. 
Derivatives are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for speculation or for trading purposes. Derivatives 
are  generally  contracted  with  a  diversified  group  of  investment  grade  counterparties  to  reduce  exposure  to 
nonperformance on such instruments.

We use foreign currency forward contracts, currency options, and currency swaps to hedge the price risk associated 
with firmly committed and forecasted cross-border payments and receipts related to ongoing business and operational 
financing activities. We also use forward or option contracts to hedge our investment in the net assets of certain 
international subsidiaries to offset foreign currency translation adjustments related to our net investment in those 
subsidiaries.  Foreign currency contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. At December 31, 
2017, a 10% favorable or unfavorable exchange rate movement in each currency in our portfolio of foreign currency 
contracts would have resulted in an incremental unrealized gain of approximately $233 million or loss of approximately 
$237 million. Consistent with the use of these contracts to neutralize the effect of exchange rate fluctuations, such 
unrealized losses or gains would be offset by corresponding gains or losses, respectively, in the re-measurement of 
the underlying exposures.

We enter into commodity swap contracts to hedge the price risk associated with firmly committed and forecasted 
commodities purchases, the prices of which are not fixed directly through supply contracts. As of December 31, 2017, 
a  10%  favorable or  unfavorable shift  in  commodity  prices  would  have  resulted  in  an  incremental  gain  or  loss  of 
approximately $27 million, respectively, related to these contracts.

39

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Summary of Principle Accounting Policies
Inventories
Goodwill and Other Intangibles
Financing Arrangements
Commitments and Contingencies
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
Hedges and Derivative Financial Instruments
Fair Value Measurements
Stockholders' Equity
Share-Based Incentive Plans
Restructuring Charges
Income Taxes
Segment Information

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

PAGE

41
42
43
44
45

PAGE

46
52
52
53
56
59
66
69
69
71
73
75
77
79

40

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Millions of dollars, except per share data)

Net sales
Expenses
Cost of products sold

Gross margin

Selling, general and administrative
Intangible amortization
Restructuring costs

Operating profit

Other (income) expense
Interest and sundry (income) expense
Interest expense

Earnings before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net earnings

Less: Net earnings (loss) available to noncontrolling interests

Net earnings available to Whirlpool

Per share of common stock
Basic net earnings available to Whirlpool
Diluted net earnings available to Whirlpool
Weighted-average shares outstanding (in millions)
Basic
Diluted

2017
21,253 $

2016
20,718 $

2015
20,891

$

17,651
3,602
2,112
79
275
1,136

17,026
3,692
2,080
71
173
1,368

87
162
887
550
337
(13)
350 $

93
161
1,114
186
928
40
888 $

4.78 $
4.70 $

11.67 $
11.50 $

73.3
74.4

76.1
77.2

$

$
$

17,231
3,660
2,143
74
201
1,242

46
165
1,031
209
822
39
783

9.95
9.83

78.7
79.7

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

41

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

Year Ended December 31, 

(Millions of dollars)

Net earnings

2017

2016

2015

$

337 $

928 $

822

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments
  Derivative instruments:
     Net gain (loss) arising during period
     Less: reclassification adjustment for gain (loss) included in net

earnings

  Derivative instruments, net
  Marketable securities:
     Net gain (loss) arising during period
  Marketable securities, net
  Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans:
     Prior service (cost) credit arising during period
     Net gain (loss) arising during period
     Less: amortization of prior service credit (cost) and actuarial (loss)
  Defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, net:
Other comprehensive (loss), before tax
     Income tax benefit (expense) related to items of other comprehensive

income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

Comprehensive income
     Less: comprehensive income (loss), available to noncontrolling

interests

Comprehensive income available to Whirlpool

(30)

(432)

32

(84)

(80)
(4)

6
6

(16)
(51)
(52)
(15)
19

106

35
71

(2)
(2)

30
(139)
(39)
(70)
(31)

50
69 $

(37)
(68) $

406 $

860 $

(13)
419 $

40
820 $

$

$

$

(25)

(2)
(23)

3
3

(5)
(55)
19
(79)
(531)

30
(501)

321

30
291

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

42

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

At December 31, 
(Millions of dollars)

 

Assets
Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $157 and $185, respectively
Inventories
Prepaid and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, net of accumulated depreciation of $6,825 and $6,055, respectively
Goodwill
Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of $476 and $387, respectively
Deferred income taxes
Other noncurrent assets
Total assets
Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Current liabilities

Accounts payable
Accrued expenses
Accrued advertising and promotions
Employee compensation
Notes payable
Current maturities of long-term debt
Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities
Long-term debt
Pension benefits
Postretirement benefits
Other noncurrent liabilities

Total noncurrent liabilities

Stockholders' equity

Common stock, $1 par value, 250 million shares authorized, 112 million and 111
million shares issued, and 71 million and 74 million shares outstanding, respectively
Additional paid-in capital
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Treasury stock, 41 million and 37 million shares, respectively

Total Whirlpool stockholders' equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total stockholders' equity

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

2017

2016

$

1,196 $
2,665
2,988
1,081
7,930
4,033
3,118
2,591
2,013
353

$

20,038 $

$

4,797 $

674
853
414
450
376
941
8,505

4,392
1,029
352
632
6,405

1,085
2,711
2,623
920
7,339
3,810
2,956
2,552
2,154
342
19,153

4,416
649
742
390
34
560
871
7,662

3,876
1,074
334
479
5,763

112
2,739
7,352
(2,331)
(3,674)
4,198
930
5,128
20,038 $

111
2,672
7,314
(2,400)
(2,924)
4,773
955
5,728
19,153

$

43

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Year Ended December 31, 

(Millions of dollars)

Operating activities
Net earnings
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by (used in) operating
activities:
Depreciation and amortization
Curtailment gain
Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable
Inventories
Accounts payable
Accrued advertising and promotions
Accrued expenses and current liabilities
Taxes deferred and payable, net
Accrued pension and postretirement benefits
Employee compensation
Other

Cash provided by operating activities

Investing activities
Capital expenditures
Proceeds from sale of assets and business
Change in restricted cash
Purchase of held to maturity securities
Proceeds from held to maturity securities
Investment in related businesses
Other

Cash used in investing activities

Financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings of long-term debt
Repayments of long-term debt
Net proceeds from short-term borrowings
Dividends paid
Repurchase of common stock
Purchase of noncontrolling interest shares
Common stock issued
Other

Cash used in financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest
Cash paid for income taxes

2017

2016

2015

$

337 $

928 $

822

654
—

160
(229)
180
76
(230)
239
(58)
36
99
1,264

(684)
61
66
(173)
113
(35)
(3)
(655)

691
(564)
367
(312)
(750)
(5)
34
(14)
(553)
55
111
1,085

655
—

(291)
(18)
37
46
46
(116)
(43)
(38)
(3)
1,203

(660)
63
24
—
—

(12)
(3)
(588)

1,012
(522)
55
(294)
(525)
(25)
26
(5)
(278)
(24)
313
772

$ 1,196 $ 1,085 $

668
(63)

(89)
(141)
14
74
(43)
(42)
(129)
8
146
1,225

(689)
37
47
—
—

(70)
(6)
(681)

531
(283)
(465)
(269)
(250)

—
38
(9)
(707)
(91)
(254)
1,026
772

$
$

181 $
311 $

198 $
300 $

178
251

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

44

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION

Year ended December 31,

(Millions of dollars)

 

 

 
Balances, December 31, 2014
Comprehensive income

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
(loss)

Comprehensive income
Stock issued (repurchased)
Dividends declared
Balances, December 31, 2015
Comprehensive income

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
(loss)

Comprehensive income
Stock issued (repurchased)
Dividends declared
Balances, December 31, 2016
Comprehensive income

Net earnings
Other comprehensive income
(loss)

Comprehensive income
Stock issued (repurchased)
Dividends declared
Balances, December 31, 2017

 

Whirlpool Stockholders' Equity

 

Total

Retained
Earnings

Accumulated Other
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)

Treasury Stock/
Additional Paid-

in-Capital

Common

Stock

$ 5,796 $ 6,209 $

(1,840) $

406 $

110 $

Non-

Controlling
Interests
911

822

(501)
321
(163)
(280)
5,674

928

(68)
860
(506)
(300)
5,728

337

69
406
(682)
(324)

783

—
783
—

(270)
6,722

888

—
888
—

(296)
7,314

350

—
350
—

(312)

—

(492)
(492)

—
—

(2,332)

—

(68)
(68)

—
—

(2,400)

—

69
69
—
—

—

—
—

(164)

—
242

—

—
—

(494)

—

(252)

—

—
—

(683)

—

—

—
—
1
—
111

—

—
—
—
—
111

—

—
—
1
—

$ 5,128 $ 7,352 $

(2,331) $

(935) $

112 $

39

(9)
30
—

(10)
931

40

—
40
(12)
(4)
955

(13)

—

(13)

—

(12)
930

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

45

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1)   SUMMARY OF PRINCIPLE ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

General Information

Whirlpool Corporation, a Delaware corporation, manufactures products in 15 countries and markets products in nearly 
every country around the world under brand names such as Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Maytag, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, 
Bauknecht, Jenn-Air, Indesit, and Hotpoint*. We conduct our business through four operating segments, which we define 
based  on  geography.   Whirlpool's operating  segments  consist  of  North  America,  Europe,  Middle  East  and  Africa 
("EMEA"), Latin America and Asia. 

Principles of Consolidation
The   consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  in  conformity   with  GAAP, and  include  all majority-owned 
subsidiaries. All material intercompany transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. We do not consolidate 
the financial statements of any company in which we have an ownership interest of 50% or less unless that company 
is deemed to be a variable interest entity ("VIE") of which we are the primary beneficiary. Certain VIEs are consolidated 
when the Company is the primary beneficiary of these entities and has the ability to directly impact the activities of 
these entities, and have a nominal effect on the Company's results.

Reclassifications

We reclassified certain prior period amounts in our Consolidated Financial Statements to be consistent with current 
period presentation. 

Use of Estimates

We are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The most significant assumptions are estimates in determining the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-
lived intangible assets, legal contingencies, income taxes and pension and postretirement benefits. Actual results 
could differ materially from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition

Sales are recognized when revenue is realized or realizable and has been earned. Revenue is recognized when the 
sales price is determinable and the risk and rewards of ownership are transferred to the customer as determined by 
the shipping terms. For the majority of our sales, title is transferred to the customer as soon as products are shipped. 
For a portion of our sales, title is transferred to the customer upon receipt of products at the customer's location. Sales 
are net of allowances for product returns, which are based on historical return rates and certain promotions.

Sales Incentives

The cost of sales incentives is accrued at the date at which revenue is recognized by Whirlpool as a reduction of 
revenue. If new incentives are added after the product has been shipped, then they are accrued at that time, also as a 
reduction of revenue. These accrued promotions are recognized based on the expected value amount of incentives 
that will be ultimately claimed by trade customers or consumers. The expected value is the sum of probability-weighted 
amounts in a range of possible consideration amounts. If the amount of incentives cannot be reasonably estimated, 
an accrued promotion liability is recognized for the maximum potential amount.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

We carry accounts receivable at sales value less an allowance for doubtful accounts. We periodically evaluate accounts 
receivable  and  establish  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  based  on  a  combination  of  specific  customer 
circumstances, credit conditions and the history of write-offs and collections. We evaluate items on an individual basis 
when determining accounts receivable write-offs. In general, our policy is to not charge interest on trade receivables 
after the invoice becomes past due. A receivable is considered past due if payment has not been received within agreed 
upon invoice terms.

*Whirlpool ownership of the Hotpoint brand in the EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold in the Americas.

46

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Freight and Warehousing Costs

We classify freight and warehousing costs within cost of products sold in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

All  highly  liquid  debt  instruments  purchased with  an  initial  maturity  of  three months  or  less  are considered cash 
equivalents.

Restricted Cash

Restricted cash can only be used to fund capital expenditures and technical resources to enhance Whirlpool China's 
research and development and working capital, as required by the terms of the Hefei Sanyo acquisition completed in 
October 2014. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, restricted cash was approximately $97 million and $155 million, 
respectively. Approximately $48 million and $45 million is recorded in other current assets as of December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively, with the remaining portion recorded in other non-current assets.

Fair Value Measurements

We measure fair value based on an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid 
to transfer a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction between  market participants. As  such, fair  value is  a  market-based 
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset 
or  liability. As  a  basis  for  considering  such  assumptions,  a  three-tiered fair  value  hierarchy is  established,  which 
prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in 
active markets; (Level 2) inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable, either directly or 
indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity 
to develop its own assumptions.  Certain investments are valued based on net asset value (NAV), which approximates 
fair value. Such basis is determined by referencing the respective fund's underlying assets. There are no unfunded 
commitments or other restrictions associated with these investments.  We had no Level 3 assets or liabilities at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, with the exception of those disclosed in Note 6.

We measured fair value for money market funds, available for sale investments and held to maturity securities using 
quoted market prices in active markets for identical or comparable assets. We measured fair value for derivative 
contracts, all of which have counterparties with high credit ratings, based on model driven valuations using significant 
inputs  derived  from  observable  market  data.  For  assets  measured  at  net  asset  values,  we  have  no  unfunded 
commitments or significant restraints.

Inventories

United States production inventories are stated at last-in, first-out ("LIFO") cost. Latin America, Asia and certain EMEA 
inventories are stated at average cost. The remaining inventories are stated at first-in, first-out ("FIFO") cost. Costs do 
not exceed net realizable values. Changes in the amount that FIFO cost exceed LIFO cost are recognized in cost of 
goods sold. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about inventories.

Property

Property  is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. For production machinery  and equipment, we record 
depreciation  based  on  units  produced,  unless  units  produced  drop  below  a  minimum  threshold  at  which  point 
depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method, excluding property acquired from the Hefei Sanyo acquisition 
and certain property acquired from the Indesit acquisition in 2014. For non-production assets and assets acquired 
from Hefei Sanyo and certain production assets acquired from Indesit, we depreciate costs based on the straight-line 
method. Depreciation expense for property, including accelerated depreciation classified as restructuring expense in 
our Consolidated Statements of Income, was $575 million, $584 million and $594 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively.

The following table summarizes our property as of December 31, 2017 and 2016:

47

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Millions of dollars
Land
Buildings
Machinery and equipment
Accumulated depreciation
Property plant and equipment, net

2017

2016

123 $

1,789
8,946
(6,825)
4,033 $

128
1,652
8,085
(6,055)
3,810

$

$

Estimated
Useful Life

n/a
10 to 50 years
3 to 30 years

We classify gains and losses associated with asset dispositions in the same line item as the underlying depreciation 
of the disposed asset in the Consolidated Statements of Income. During 2017 and 2016, we primarily retired machinery 
and equipment with a net book value of approximately $63 million and $38 million, respectively, that was no longer in 
use. Net gains and losses recognized in cost of products sold were not material for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

We record impairment losses on long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and indefinite-life intangibles, when events and 
circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired and the estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by 
those assets are less than their carrying amounts. There were no significant impairments recorded during 2017, 2016
and 2015.

Goodwill and Other Intangibles

We perform our annual impairment assessment for goodwill and other indefinite-life intangible assets as of October 
1st  and  more  frequently  if  indicators  of  impairment  exist.  In  2017,  the  Company  primarily  elected  to  perform  a 
quantitative analysis using a discounted cash flow model and other valuation techniques, to evaluate goodwill and 
certain indefinite-life intangible assets.

Goodwill

In  performing  a  quantitative  assessment  of  goodwill,  we  estimate  each  reporting  unit's fair  value  using  the  best 
information available to us, including market information and discounted cash flow projections also referred to as the 
income approach. The income approach uses reporting unit's projections of estimated operating results and cash 
flows that are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital, which is determined based on current market 
conditions. Additionally, we validate our estimates of fair value under the income approach by comparing the values 
to fair value estimates using a market approach. We performed our assessment as of October 1, 2017, and determined 
there was no impairment of goodwill.

Intangible Assets

We perform  a quantitative assessment of other indefinite-life intangible assets, which are primarily comprised of 
trademarks. We estimate the fair value of these intangible assets using the relief-from-royalty method, which primarily 
requires assumptions related to projected revenues from our long-range plans, assumed royalty rates that could be 
payable if we did not own the trademark, and a discount rate based on our weighted average cost of capital. We 
performed our assessment as of October 1,  2017, and determined that, other than an immaterial impairment of a 
certain trademark, there were no other impairments of indefinite-life intangible assets.

Other  definite-life  intangible  assets  are  amortized  over  their  useful  life  and  are  assessed  for  impairment  when 
impairment indicators are present.

Accounts Payable Outsourcing

We offer our suppliers access to third party payable processors, independent from Whirlpool. The processors allow 
suppliers to sell their receivables to financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the supplier and the financial 
institution. In China, as a common practice, we pay suppliers with banker's acceptance drafts. Banker's acceptance 
drafts allow suppliers to sell their receivables to financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the supplier and 
the financial institution. We have no economic interest in the sale of these receivables and no direct financial relationship 
with the financial institutions concerning these services. All of our obligations, including amounts due, remain to our 
suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately $1.5 billion and 
$1.3 billion, respectively, have been issued to participating financial institutions.

48

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Derivative Financial Instruments

We use derivative instruments designated as cash flow and fair value hedges to manage our exposure to the volatility 
in material costs, foreign currency and interest rates on certain debt instruments. Changes in the fair value of derivative 
assets or liabilities (i.e., gains or losses) are recognized depending upon the type of hedging relationship and whether 
a hedge has been designated. For those derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting, we designate the 
hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a cash flow hedge, fair value hedge, or a hedge of a 
net investment in a foreign operation. For a derivative instrument designated as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on 
the derivative is recognized in earnings immediately  with the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item. For a derivative 
instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss is initially reported 
as a component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged 
exposure affects earnings. For a derivative instrument designated as a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, 
the effective portion of the derivative's gain or loss is reported in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) as part of the 
cumulative  translation  adjustment.  Changes  in  fair  value  of  derivative  instruments  that  do  not  qualify  for  hedge 
accounting are recognized immediately in current net earnings. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information about hedges and derivative financial instruments.

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions

Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into United States dollars at exchange rates existing 
at  the  respective balance  sheet  dates. Translation adjustments  resulting from  fluctuations  in  exchange rates are 
recorded as a separate component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) within stockholders' equity. 
The results of operations of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rates during the respective 
periods. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in net earnings.

Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are charged to expense and totaled $596 million, $604 million and $579 million in 
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Advertising Costs

Advertising costs are charged to expense when the advertisement is first communicated and totaled $330 million, 
$366 million and $310 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Income Taxes

We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities 
are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax 
basis of assets and liabilities using enacted rates. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets is recognized 
in income in the period of the enactment date.

We recognize, primarily in other noncurrent liabilities, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the effects of uncertain 
income tax positions. We record liabilities net of the amount, based on technical merits, that will be sustained upon 
examination. We accrue for other non income tax contingencies when it is probable that a liability to a taxing authority 
has been incurred and the amount of the contingency can be reasonably estimated. 

Provision is made for taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and related companies to the extent that 
such earnings are not deemed to be permanently invested. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information about income taxes.

Stock Based Compensation

Stock based compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value and is expensed over the period during which 
an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (generally the vesting period). The Company's 
stock based compensation includes stock options, performance stock units, performance shares, restricted stock and 
restricted stock units. The fair value of stock options are determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, 
which incorporates assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected option life, expected 
forfeitures and dividend yield. Expected forfeitures are based on historical experience. Stock options are granted with 
an exercise price equal to the stock price on the date of grant. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance 
stock units is generally based on the closing market price of Whirlpool common stock on the grant date. See Note 10
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about stock based compensation.

49

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

BEFIEX Credits

In previous years, our Brazilian operations earned tax credits under the Brazilian government's export incentive program 
(BEFIEX).  These  credits  reduce  Brazilian  federal  excise  taxes  on  domestic  sales,  resulting  in  an  increase  in  the 
operations' recorded net sales. We recognized export  credits as they were monetized. See Notes 5 and 12 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding BEFIEX credits. 

Out-of-Period Adjustment

During 2017, we recorded prior period adjustments in our Asia reportable segment primarily related to trade promotion 
incentives.  The 2017 net impact of these out-of-period adjustments was a decrease to net sales of approximately $35 
million and an increase to other operating expenses of approximately $8 million before tax. We determined that the 
impact was immaterial to prior periods. These adjustments resulted in a decrease to net earnings available to Whirlpool 
of approximately $16 million and a decrease of $0.22 in diluted earnings per share. 

Adoption of New Accounting Standards

In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07, "Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the 
Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost". The guidance in ASU 2017-07 
requires that the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost for pension and postretirement benefits is recorded 
in the same income statement line items as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during 
the period. Service cost is included in cost of products sold and selling, general and administrative expense. The other 
components of net periodic pension cost and postretirement benefits cost are recorded in interest and sundry (income) 
expense in 2017.  We retrospectively adopted the new accounting standard in the first quarter of  2017. For the full 
year ended December 31, 2016, the reclassification of other components of net periodic cost, from cost of products 
sold and selling, general and administrative expense resulted in an increase in operating profit of approximately $14 
million  with  an  offset  to  interest  and  sundry  (income)  expense.    For  the  full  year  ended  December 31,  2015,  the 
reclassification  of  other  components  of  net  periodic  cost  from  cost  of  products  sold  and  selling,  general  and 
administrative expense resulted in a decrease in operating profit of approximately $43 million with an offset to interest 
and sundry (income) expense. The reclassifications were calculated based on previously disclosed amounts. The 
Consolidated Statements of Income have been recast to reflect the retrospective adoption of this standard. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements 
to  Employee  Share-Based  Payment  Accounting".  The  guidance  simplifies  several  aspects  of  the  accounting  for 
employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax 
withholding requirements, as well as classification of excess tax benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows. The  new  standard is  effective for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  after  December  15,  2016,  with  early 
adoption permitted. The Company elected to early-adopt ASU 2016-09 in the fourth quarter of 2016 retrospectively to 
January 1, 2016.  For the period ended December 31, 2016, there was no impact to diluted weighted average common 
shares outstanding or earnings per share ("EPS"). 

All other new issued and effective accounting standards during 2017 were not relevant or material to the Company.

Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Effective 

In  August  2017,  the  FASB issued  ASU  2017-12,  "Derivatives and  Hedging  (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to 
Accounting for Hedging Activities".  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, 
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period after issuance. All 
transition requirements and elections should be applied to hedging relationships existing (that is, hedging relationships 
in which the hedging instrument has not expired, been sold, terminated, or exercised or the entity has not removed the 
designation of the hedging relationship) on the date of adoption. The effect of adoption should be reflected as of the 
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for 
Goodwill Impairment". The guidance in ASU 2017-04 eliminates the requirement to determine the fair value of individual 
assets and liabilities of a reporting unit to measure goodwill impairment. Under the amendments in the new ASU, 
goodwill impairment testing will be performed by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount 
and recognizing an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair 
value. The new standard is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019, and should be applied on a prospective basis. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim 

50

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

goodwill impairment testing performed after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of 
adopting this guidance.

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, "Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than 
Inventory," which requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset 
other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods 
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and should be applied on a modified retrospective basis 
through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings at the beginning of the period of adoption. Early 
adoption is permitted in the first interim period of an annual reporting period for which financial statements have not 
been issued. The Company will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018 and is currently assessing the impact 
this standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)". The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes 
the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases (FAS 13). The new standard establishes a right-of-use 
(ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for leases with 
terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the 
pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after 
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. A modified 
retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into 
after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Early adoption of the 
amendments in the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on our 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 
2014-09,  "Revenue  from  Contracts  with  Customers  (Topic  606)",  which  supersedes  the  revenue  recognition 
requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. This ASU is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict 
the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects 
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, 
amount,  timing and  uncertainty  of  revenue and cash  flows  arising from customer contracts, including significant 
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This 
pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that 
reporting  period  and  is  to  be  applied  using  one  of  two  retrospective  application  methods,  with  early  application 
permitted for fiscal reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.

We adopted the requirements of the new standard on January 1, 2018 and applied the modified retrospective transition 
method. Under the modified retrospective method, we recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new 
revenue standard as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. This adjustment had an immaterial 
impact to our retained earnings. Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018 will be presented under 
Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic 
accounting under Topic 605.

Presented below is the process we utilized for the adoption of the new standard and the significant implementation 
matters addressed:

•  We established a global cross-functional project management implementation team to assess all potential 

impacts of this standard.

•  We reviewed our current accounting policies and practices in each operating segment to identify potential 

differences that would result from the application of this standard, and updated them accordingly.

•  We determined key factors from the five step process to recognize revenue as prescribed by the new standard 

that may be applicable to each of our business units that roll up into our four segments.

•  Customer contracts from each business unit were identified and reviewed.
•  Evaluation of the contract provisions and the comparison of historical accounting policies and practices to 
the requirements of the new standard (including the related qualitative disclosures regarding the potential 
impact of the effects of the accounting policies we expect to apply and a comparison to our current revenue 
recognition policies), have been completed.

We determined no significant changes are required to our business processes, systems and controls to effectively 
report revenue recognition under the new standard. In previous years, our Brazilian operations earned tax credits under 
the Brazilian government's export incentive program (BEFIEX). These credits are used to reduce Brazilian federal excise 

51

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

taxes on domestic sales. The excise taxes in our Brazilian operations are currently reflected in revenue, with an offset 
to cost of sales. As a result, the monetization of BEFIEX credits has resulted in an increase to net sales. In accordance 
with Topic 606, we intend to make a policy election that will preclude various taxes to no longer be reflected in revenue 
under Topic 606.

FASB has issued the following standards, which are not expected to have a material impact on our Consolidated 
Financial Statements: 

Standard
2016-01

2016-04

2016-18

Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Liabilities—Extinguishments of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20): Recognition of Breakage for
Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash

Effective Date
January 1, 2018

January 1, 2018

January 1, 2018

All other issued and not yet effective accounting standards are not relevant to Whirlpool Corporation.

(2) 

 INVENTORIES 

The following table summarizes our inventories at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Millions of dollars
Finished products
Raw materials and work in process

Less: excess of FIFO cost over LIFO cost
Total inventories

2017

2016

$

$

2,374 $

725
3,099
(111)
2,988 $

2,070
651
2,721
(98)
2,623

LIFO inventories represented 38% and 37% of total inventories at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

(3) 

 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES 

Goodwill

The following table summarizes goodwill attributable to our reporting units at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Millions of dollars
North America
EMEA
Latin America
Asia
Total

2017

2016

$

$

1,755 $

920
5
438

3,118 $

1,734
808
4
410
2,956

The change in the carrying value of goodwill was primarily due to purchase price allocations and the impact of foreign 
currency.

52

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Other Intangible Assets

The following table summarizes other intangible assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Millions of dollars
Other intangible assets, finite lives:

Customer relationships (1)
Patents and other (2)

Total other intangible assets, finite lives
Trademarks, indefinite lives
Total other intangible assets
(1) Customer relationships have an estimated useful life of 3 to 16 years.

2017

2016

Gross
Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

Gross
Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

$ 639 $

387

$ 1,026 $

2,041

(297) $ 342 $
(179)
(476) $ 550 $

208

617 $
337
954 $

—

2,041

1,985

$ 3,067 $

(476) $2,591 $ 2,939 $

(237) $ 380
(150)
187
(387) $ 567
1,985
(387) $2,552

—

(2) Patents and other intangibles have an estimated useful life of 1 to 41 years.

The change in the gross carrying value of other intangible assets was primarily due to the transfer of certain intangible 
land use rights to the China government resulting in a $42 million gain along with the impact of foreign currency.
Amortization expense was $79 million, $71 million and $74 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The following table summarizes our future estimated amortization expense by year:

Millions of dollars
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022

 
$

74
61
61
58
51

53

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

(4) 

FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 

Long-Term Debt

The following table summarizes our long-term debt at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Millions of dollars
Senior note - 1.35%, maturing 2017
Senior note - 1.65%, maturing 2017
Senior note - 4.50%, maturing 2018
Senior note - 2.40%, maturing 2019
Senior note - 0.625% maturing 2020
Senior note - 4.85%, maturing 2021
Senior note - 4.70%, maturing 2022
Senior note - 3.70%, maturing 2023
Senior note - 4.00%, maturing 2024
Senior note - 3.70%, maturing 2025
Senior note - 1.25% maturing 2026
Senior note - 1.10% maturing 2027
Senior note - 5.15% maturing 2043
Senior note - 4.50% maturing 2046
Other, net

Less current maturities
Total long-term debt

2017

2016

$

— $
—
363
250
599
300
300
250
300
350
594
713
249
496
4

$

$

4,768 $

376

4,392 $

250
300
327
250
525
300
300
250
300
350
517
—
249
496
22
4,436
560
3,876

The  following  table  summarizes  the  contractual maturities  of  our  long-term  debt,  including  current  maturities,  at 
December 31, 2017:

Millions of dollars
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
     Long-term debt, including current maturities

Debt Offering

 
$

$

376
261
597
298
298
2,938
4,768

On May 23, 2016, we completed a debt offering of $500 million principal amount of 4.50% notes due in 2046. The notes 
contain covenants that limit our ability to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions. In 
addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, we are required to make an offer to purchase all of the 
notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The notes are 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 
333-203704) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2015.  

On November 2, 2016, Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à. r.l. ("Whirlpool Luxembourg"), an indirect, wholly-owned 
finance subsidiary of Whirlpool Corporation, completed a debt offering of €500 million (approximately $555 million as 
of the date of issuance) principal amount of 1.250% notes due in 2026. The Company has fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed these notes. The notes contain covenants that limit Whirlpool Corporation's ability to incur certain liens or 
enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions.  In addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, 
we are required to make an offer to purchase all of the notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount 
thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The notes are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 

54

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.333-203704-1) filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 25, 2016. 

On November 9, 2017, Whirlpool Luxembourg, an indirect, wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Whirlpool Corporation, 
completed a debt offering of €600 million (approximately $699 million as of the date of issuance) principal amount of 
1.100% notes due in 2027. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed these notes. The notes contain 
covenants that  limit  Whirlpool  Corporation's ability to incur  certain  liens  or  enter  into certain  sale  and  lease-back 
transactions.  In addition, if we experience a specific kind of change of control, we are required to make an offer to 
purchase all of the notes at a purchase price of 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
The notes are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to our Registration Statement on 
Form S-3 (File No.333-203704-1) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2016. 

Debt Repayment

On November 1, 2017, $300 million of 1.65% senior notes matured and were repaid.  On March 1, 2017, $250 million 
of 1.35% senior notes matured and were repaid.  On July 15, 2016, $244 million of 7.75% notes matured and were 
repaid. On June 15, 2016, $250 million of 6.50% notes matured and were repaid.  

Credit Facilities

On September 27, 2017, Whirlpool Corporation exercised its commitment increase and term extension rights under 
the Third Amended and Restated Long-Term Credit Agreement (the "Amended Long-Term Facility") by and among the 
Company, certain other borrowers, the lenders referred to therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, 
and Citibank, N.A., as Syndication Agent. In connection with this exercise, the Company entered into a Consent to 
Commitment Increase agreement with the Administrative Agent , which increases aggregate borrowing capacity under 
the Amended Long-Term Facility from $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion, and the Administrative Agent received extension 
request consents from a majority of lenders, which extends the termination date of the Amended Long-Term Facility 
by one year, to May 17, 2022. All other terms of the Amended Long-Term Facility remain unchanged.

The interest and fee rates payable with respect to the Amended Long-Term Facility based on our current debt rating 
are as follows: (1) the spread over LIBOR is 1.125%; (2) the spread over prime is 0.125%; and (3) the unused commitment 
fee is 0.125%. The Long-Term Facility contains customary covenants and warranties including, among other things, a 
debt to capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 0.60 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, and a rolling 
twelve month interest coverage ratio required to be greater than or equal to 3.0 to 1.0 for each fiscal quarter. In addition, 
the covenants limit our ability to (or to permit any subsidiaries to), subject to various exceptions and limitations: (i) 
merge with other companies; (ii) create liens on our property; (iii) incur debt or off-balance sheet obligations at the 
subsidiary level; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates, except on an arms-length basis; (v) enter into agreements 
restricting the payment of subsidiary dividends or restricting the making of loans or repayment of debt by subsidiaries 
to the Company or other subsidiaries; and (vi) enter into agreements restricting the creation of liens on our assets.

In addition to the committed $3.0 billion Amended Long-Term Facility, we have a committed European facility and 
committed credit facilities in Brazil. The European facility provides borrowings up to €250 million (approximately $300 
million at December 31, 2017), maturing in 2019. The committed credit facilities in Brazil provide borrowings up to 1.0 
billion Brazilian reais (approximately $302 million at December 31, 2017), maturing through 2018.

We had no borrowings outstanding under the committed credit facilities at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Notes Payable

Notes payable, which consist of short-term borrowings payable to banks or commercial paper, are generally used to 
fund working capital requirements.  The fair value of our notes payable approximates the carrying amount due to the 
short maturity of these obligations. The following table summarizes the carrying value of notes payable at  December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Millions of dollars
Commercial paper
Short-term borrowings to banks
Total notes payable

2017

2016

$

$

401 $
49
450 $

—
34
34

55

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

(5)    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
OTHER MATTERS 

Embraco Antitrust Matters

Beginning in February 2009, our compressor business headquartered in Brazil ("Embraco") was notified of antitrust 
investigations of  the  global  compressor industry  by  government authorities  in  various jurisdictions. Embraco has 
resolved government investigations in various jurisdictions as well as all related civil lawsuits in the United States and 
no  payments  are  owed  in  connection  with such resolutions. Embraco also  has  resolved  certain  other  claims  and  certain 
claims remain pending. 

At December 31, 2017, a nominal amount remains accrued. We continue to defend these actions and take other steps 
to minimize  our  potential  exposure. The  final  outcome  and  impact  of  these  matters,  and  any  related claims  and 
investigations that may be brought in the future are subject to many variables, and cannot be predicted. We establish 
accruals only for those matters where we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably 
estimated. While it is currently not possible to reasonably estimate the aggregate amount of costs which we may incur 
in connection with these matters, such costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.

BEFIEX Credits and Other Brazil Tax Matters

In  previous  years,  our  Brazilian  operations  earned  tax  credits  under  the  Brazilian  government's  export  incentive  program 
(BEFIEX). These  credits  reduced  Brazilian federal excise  taxes  on  domestic  sales,  resulting  in  an  increase  in  the 
operations' recorded net sales, as the credits were monetized. In the fourth quarter of 2017, the Brazilian Supreme 
Court  issued  a  final  judgment  confirming  that  we  had  a  right  to  these  credits  and  that  we  were  entitled  to  the  full  amount 
of credits previously monetized.

In December 2013, the Brazilian government reinstituted the monetary adjustment index applicable to BEFIEX credits 
that existed prior to July 2009, when the Brazilian government required companies to apply a different monetary 
adjustment index to BEFIEX credits. Whether use of the reinstituted index should be given retroactive effect for the 
July 2009 to December 2013 period has been subject to review by the Brazilian courts. In the third quarter of 2017, the 
Brazilian  Supreme  Court  ruled  that  the  reinstituted  index  should  be  given  retroactive  effect  for  the  July  2009  to  December 
2013 period, which decision may be appealed by the Brazilian government. Based on this ruling, we are entitled to 
recognize  $72  million  in  additional  credits.  We  monetized  $42  million of BEFIEX  credits  during  the  twelve  months  ended 
December 31, 2017.  As of December 31, 2017, approximately $30 million BEFIEX credits remain to be monetized.  We 
did not monetize any BEFIEX credits during the years ended December 31, 2016 or 2015. 

Our  Brazilian  operations  have  received  governmental  assessments  related  to  claims  for  income  and  social  contribution 
taxes  associated  with  certain  monetized  BEFIEX  credits. We do  not  believe  BEFIEX  export  credits  are  subject  to  income 
or social contribution taxes. We are disputing these tax matters in various courts and intend to vigorously defend our 
positions. We have not provided for income or social contribution taxes on these export credits, and based on the 
opinions of tax and legal advisors, we have not accrued any amount related to these assessments as of December 31, 
2017. The total amount of outstanding tax assessments received for income and social contribution taxes relating to 
the BEFIEX credits, including interest and penalties, is approximately 1.9 billion Brazilian reais (approximately $565 
million as of December 31, 2017).

Relying on existing Brazilian legal precedent, in 2003 and 2004, we recognized tax credits in an aggregate amount of 
$26 million, adjusted for currency, on the purchase of raw materials used in production ("IPI tax credits"). The Brazilian 
tax authority subsequently challenged the recording of IPI tax credits. No credits have been recognized since 2004. In 
2009, we entered into a Brazilian government program which provided extended payment terms and reduced penalties 
and interest to encourage tax payers to resolve this and certain other disputed tax credit amounts. As permitted by 
the program, we elected to settle certain debts through the use of other existing tax credits and recorded charges of 
approximately $34 million in 2009 associated with these matters. In July 2012, the Brazilian revenue authority notified 
us that a portion of our proposed settlement was rejected and we received tax assessments of 241 million Brazilian 
reais (approximately $73 million as of December 31, 2017), reflecting interest and penalties to date. We are disputing 
these  assessments  and  we  intend  to  vigorously  defend  our  position.  Among  other  arguments,  the  government's 
assessment in this case relies heavily on its arguments regarding taxability of BEFIEX credits for certain years, which 
we are disputing in one of the BEFIEX government assessment cases cited in the prior paragraph. 

In  2001,  Brazil  adopted  a  law  making  the  profits  of  controlled  foreign  corporations  of  Brazilian  entities  subject  to  income 
and social contribution tax regardless of whether the profits were repatriated ("CFC Tax"). Our Brazilian subsidiary, 

56

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

along with other corporations, challenged tax assessments on foreign profits on constitutionality and other grounds. 
In April 2013, the Brazilian Supreme Court ruled on one of our cases, finding that the law is constitutional, but remanding 
the case to a lower court for consideration of other arguments raised in our appeal, including the existence of tax 
treaties with jurisdictions in which controlled foreign corporations are domiciled.  As of December 31, 2017, our potential 
exposure for  income  and  social  contribution  taxes relating to profits of  controlled foreign corporations, including 
interest and penalties and net of expected foreign tax credits, is approximately 221 million Brazilian reais (approximately 
$67 million as of December 31, 2017). We believe these assessments are without merit and we intend to continue to 
vigorously dispute them. Based on the opinion of our tax and legal advisors, we have not accrued any amount related 
to these assessments as of December 31, 2017.

In addition to the IPI tax credit and CFC Tax matters noted above, we are currently disputing other assessments issued 
by the Brazilian tax authorities related to non-income and income tax matters, and other matters, which are at various 
stages of review in numerous administrative and judicial proceedings. The amounts related to these assessments will 
continue to be increased by monetary adjustments at the Selic rate, which is the benchmark rate set by the Brazilian 
Central Bank. In accordance with our accounting policies, we routinely assess these matters and, when necessary, 
record our best estimate of a loss. We believe these tax assessments are without merit and are vigorously defending 
our positions. 

We also filed legal actions to recover certain social integration and social contribution taxes paid over gross sales 
including ICMS receipts, which is a form of Value Added Tax in Brazil. During the fourth quarter, we sold the rights to 
certain portions of this litigation to a third party for 90 million Brazilian reais (approximately $27 million as of December 
31, 2017). Approximately $260 million in face value of credits related to this litigation remain. While the Company's 
recovery with respect to the remaining litigation may be material, there is substantial uncertainty about both the amount 
and timing of any recovery.

Litigation is inherently unpredictable and the conclusion of these matters may take many years to ultimately resolve. 
Accordingly, it is possible that an unfavorable outcome in these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on 
our financial statements in any particular reporting period. 

Other Litigation

We are currently vigorously defending a number of lawsuits in federal and state courts in the United States related to 
the manufacture and sale of our products which include class action allegations, and have and may become involved 
in similar actions in other jurisdictions. These lawsuits allege claims which include negligence, breach of contract, 
breach  of  warranty, product  liability  and  safety  claims,  false  advertising,  fraud, and  violation  of  federal and  state 
regulations,  including  consumer  protection  laws.  In  general,  we  do  not  have  insurance  coverage for  class  action 
lawsuits. We are also involved in various other legal actions in the United States and other jurisdictions around the 
world arising in the normal course of business, for which insurance coverage may or may not be available depending 
on the nature of the action. We dispute the merits of these suits and actions, and intend to vigorously defend them. 
Management believes, based upon its current knowledge, after taking into consideration legal counsel's evaluation of 
such suits and actions, and after taking into account current litigation accruals, that the outcome of these matters 
currently pending against Whirlpool should not have a material adverse effect, if any, on our financial statements.

Competition Investigation

In  2013,  the  French  Competition  Authority  ("FCA") commenced  an  investigation  of  appliance  manufacturers  and 
retailers in France. The investigation includes a number of manufacturers, including the Whirlpool and Indesit operations 
in France.

The Company is cooperating with this investigation. The Company understands  that the FCA has split its investigation 
into two parts and that, with respect to the first part, it intends to issue a Statement of Objections ("SO") alleging 
competition law infringements regarding sales of major domestic appliances in France.  An SO is a formal legal step 
in French competition law proceedings and does not prejudge the final outcome of the matter.  The Company has not 
received the SO, but will carefully review and address any SO that it receives.  The second part of the FCA's investigation 
is ongoing, but at a less advanced stage.

Although it is currently not possible to assess the impact, if any, this matter may have on our Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the resolution of this matter could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements in any 
particular reporting period.

 

57

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Product Warranty and Legacy Product Corrective Action Reserves

Product warranty reserves are included in other current and other noncurrent liabilities in our Consolidated Balance 
Sheets. The following table summarizes the changes in total product warranty and legacy product warranty liability 
reserves for the periods presented:

Millions of dollars
Balance at January 1

Issuances/accruals during the period
Settlements made during the period/other

Balance at December 31
Current portion
Non-current portion
Total

Product Warranty

Legacy Product

Warranty

Total

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

$
$

$

251 $
331
(305)
277 $
203 $
74
277 $

239 $
316
(304)
251 $
189 $
62
251 $

69 $
1
(70)

254 $

—

(185)

—
—
—
—

$
$

$

69 $
69 $
—
69 $

320 $
332
(375)
277 $
203 $
74
277 $

493
316
(489)
320
258
62
320

In the normal course of business, we engage in investigations of potential quality and safety issues. As part of our 
ongoing effort to deliver quality products to consumers, we are currently investigating a limited number of potential 
quality and safety issues globally. As necessary, we undertake to effect repair or replacement of appliances in the 
event that an investigation leads to the conclusion that such action is warranted. As part of that process, in 2015, 
Whirlpool engaged in thorough investigations of incident reports associated with two of its dryer production platforms 
developed by Indesit, prior to Whirlpool's acquisition of Indesit in October 2014. This led to Indesit reporting the issue 
to regulatory authorities for consideration. These discussions determined that corrective action of the affected dryers 
was required. 

In September 2015, we recorded a liability related to this corrective action cost of €245  million (approximately $274 
million as of September 30, 2015). Approximately 90% of the affected units were manufactured by Indesit prior to 
its acquisition by the Company in October 2014. Accordingly, in September 2015 we increased the warranty liability 
as a purchase accounting adjustment in the opening balance sheet with a corresponding increase to goodwill of €210 
million (approximately $235 million as of September 30, 2015). The establishment of this liability is based on several 
assumptions such as customer response rate, consumer options, field repair costs, inventory repair costs, and timing 
of tax deductibility. Our experience with respect to these factors may cause our actual costs to differ significantly from 
our estimated costs. Cash settlements related to this corrective action are recognized in other operating activities in 
the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  In addition, we sought recovery under the terms of the Indesit agreements 
and reached an agreement with the seller in the fourth quarter of 2016 to recover a portion of our acquisition-related 
costs. We recognized such amount in interest and sundry (income) expense. During the third quarter of 2017, the 
corrective action was substantially complete and any remaining charges related to the corrective action will be recorded 
under product warranty. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2017, Whirlpool had $61 million of cash settlements 
made related to the corrective action.

Guarantees

We have guarantee arrangements in a Brazilian subsidiary. As a standard business practice in Brazil, the subsidiary 
guarantees customer lines of credit at commercial banks to support purchases following its normal credit policies. If 
a customer were to default on its line of credit with the bank, our subsidiary would be required to satisfy the obligation 
with the bank and the receivable would revert back to the subsidiary. At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, 
the guaranteed amounts totaled $284 million and $258 million, respectively. The fair value of these guarantees were 
nominal at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. Our subsidiary insures against credit risk for these guarantees, 
under normal operating conditions, through policies purchased from high-quality underwriters.  

We  provide  guarantees  of  indebtedness  and  lines  of  credit  for  various  consolidated  subsidiaries.  The  maximum 
contractual amount of indebtedness and credit facilities available under these lines for consolidated subsidiaries 
totaled  $2.8  billion  at  December 31,  2017  and  $2.4  billion  at  December 31,  2016.  Our  total  outstanding  bank 
indebtedness  under  guarantees  was  $49  million  at  December 31,  2017  and  $32  million  at  December 31,  2016, 
respectively. 

58

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

We have guaranteed a $16 million five-year revolving credit facility between certain financial institutions and a not-for-
profit entity in connection with a community and economic development project ("Harbor Shores"). The purpose of 
Harbor Shores is to stimulate employment and growth in the areas of Benton Harbor and St. Joseph, Michigan. The 
credit facility, which originated in 2008, was refinanced in December 2012 and we renewed our guarantee through 
2017. It was also amended in 2016 and 2017 by Harbor Shores and reduced to $40 million and $16 million, respectively. 
The fair value of this guarantee was nominal at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. In the event of default, 
we must satisfy the guarantee of the credit facility up to the amount borrowed at the date of default.  

Operating Lease Commitments

At December 31, 2017, we had noncancelable operating lease commitments totaling $976 million. The annual future 
minimum lease payments are summarized by year in the table below:

Millions of dollars
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total noncancelable operating lease commitments

$

$

222
187
154
108
86
219
976

Rent expense was $238 million, $234 million and $238 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Purchase Obligations

Our expected cash outflows resulting from non-cancellable purchase obligations are summarized by year in the table 
below:

Millions of dollars
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter
Total purchase obligations

 
$

$

179
149
129
57
55
45
614

(6) 

PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS 

We have funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans that cover certain employees in North America, Europe, 
Asia and Brazil. For the United States plan, which comprises the majority of our obligation, the plans are frozen for the 
majority of participants. The formula for United States salaried employees covered under the qualified defined benefit 
plan was based on years of service and final average salary, while the formula for United States hourly employees 
covered under the defined benefit plans was based on specific dollar amounts for each year of service. There were 
multiple  formulas  for  employees  covered  under  the  qualified  and  nonqualified  defined  benefit  plans  that  were 
sponsored by Maytag, including a cash balance formula. In addition, we sponsor an unfunded Supplemental Executive 
Retirement Plan. This plan is nonqualified and provides certain key employees additional defined pension benefits that 
supplement those provided by the Company's other retirement plans. 

A defined contribution plan is being provided to all United States employees and is not classified within the net periodic 
benefit cost. The Company provides annual match and automatic company contributions, in cash or company stock, 
of up to 7% of employees' eligible pay. Our contributions during 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $82 million, $77 million and 
$76 million, respectively. 

We provide postretirement health care benefits for eligible retired employees in the United States, Canada and Brazil. 
For our United States plan, which comprises the majority of our obligation, eligible retirees include those who were 
full-time employees with 10 years of service who attained age 55 while in service with us and those union retirees who 
met the eligibility requirements of their collective bargaining agreements. In general, the postretirement health and 

59

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

welfare benefit plans include cost-sharing provisions that limit our exposure for recent and future retirees and are 
contributory, with participants' contributions adjusted annually. The plans are unfunded. We reserve the right to modify 
these benefits in the future. 

During the second quarter 2011, we modified retiree medical benefits for certain retirees to be consistent with those 
benefits  provided  by  the  Whirlpool  Corporation  Group  Benefit  Plan.  We  accounted  for  these  changes  as  a  plan 
amendment  in  2011,  resulting  in  a  reduction  in  the  postretirement  benefit  obligation  of  $138  million of  which 
approximately $92 million of benefit has been recognized in net earnings since 2011, with an offset to accumulated 
other comprehensive loss, net of tax. In response, a group of retirees initiated legal proceedings against Whirlpool 
asserting the above benefits are vested and changes to the plan are not permitted. We disagree with plaintiffs' assertion 
and are continuing to vigorously defend our position, including through any necessary appeal process. However, an 
unfavorable final result could require us to immediately reverse the benefit we have recognized to that point, and 
remeasure the associated postretirement benefit obligation, the impact of which will depend on timing and the actuarial 
assumptions then in effect.

Defined Benefit - Pensions and Postretirement Benefit Plans

Obligations and Funded Status at End of Year

 
Millions of dollars
Funded status
Fair value of plan assets
Benefit obligations
Funded status
Amounts recognized in the consolidated
balance sheet
Noncurrent asset
Current liability
Noncurrent liability
Amount recognized
Amounts recognized in accumulated other
comprehensive loss (pre-tax)
Net actuarial loss
Prior service (credit) cost
Amount recognized

Change in Benefit Obligation

$

$

$

United States

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Foreign

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017

2016

$ 2,746 $ 2,664 $

3,415
(669) $

3,415
(751) $

571 $
952
(381) $

510 $
855
(345) $

$

—
394
(394) $

—
376
(376)

—

$

(16)
(653)
(669) $

—

$

(14)
(737)
(751) $

11 $
(16)
(376)
(381) $

2 $

(10)
(337)
(345) $

—

$

(42)
(352)
(394) $

—

(42)
(334)
(376)

$ 1,380 $ 1,426 $

201 $

176 $

(4)

(7)

(4)

(3)

$ 1,376 $ 1,419 $

197 $

173 $

17 $
(20)
(3) $

3
(40)
(37)

 
Millions of dollars
Benefit obligation, beginning of year
Service cost
Interest cost
Plan participants' contributions
Actuarial loss (gain)
Benefits paid
Plan amendments
Transfer of liabilities
Special termination benefit
Settlements / curtailment (gain)
Foreign currency exchange rates
Benefit obligation, end of year
Accumulated benefit obligation, end of year

United States

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Foreign

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017

2016

$ 3,415 $ 3,470 $

855 $

865 $

376 $

2
134
—
188
(260)

—

(64)

—
—
—

3
147
—
92
(286)

—
—
—

(11)

—

$ 3,415 $ 3,415 $
$ 3,403 $ 3,406 $

5
23
1
30
(32)

—
—
—

5
27
1
105
(31)

—
—
—

(12)
82
952 $
914 $

(16)
(101)
855 $
816

7
16
—
15
(40)
16
—
4
—
—

394 $
N/A

441
7
18
6
(16)
(54)
(30)

—
—
—
4
376
N/A

60

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Change in Plan Assets

 
Millions of dollars
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year
Actual return on plan assets
Employer contribution
Plan participants' contributions
Benefits paid
Transfer of plan assets
Settlements
Foreign currency exchange rates
Fair value of plan assets, end of year

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost

United States

Pension Benefits
2016
2017
2,741 $

$ 2,664 $

359
47
—

(260)
(64)

—
—

206
14
—

(286)

—

(11)

—

$ 2,746 $

2,664 $

Foreign

Pension Benefits
2017
2016

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017

2016

510 $
28
30
1
(32)

—

(12)
46
571 $

552 $
47
30
1
(31)

—

(14)
(75)
510 $

—
—
40
—

(40)

—
—
—
—

$

$

—
—
48
6
(54)

—
—
—
—

 
Millions of dollars
Service cost
Interest cost
Expected return on plan assets
Amortization:

Actuarial loss
Prior service cost (credit)

Special termination benefit
Curtailment gain
Settlement loss
Net periodic benefit cost

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2016

$

2 $

3 $

3 $

134
(175)

147
(186)

150
(191)

5 $
23
(30)

5 $
27
(30)

5 $
31
(33)

7 $
16
—

50
(3)
—
—
—
8 $

46
(3)
—
4
—
11 $

53
(3)
—
—
—
12 $

6
—
—
—
2
6 $

4
—
—
(1)
3
8 $

5
—
—
—
12
20 $ 23 $

—
(4)
4
—
—

$

2015
2
19
—

7 $
18
—

—

(15)

—

(23)

—

(63)

—
—
—
10 $ (65)

—

The following table summarizes the net periodic cost recognized in operating profit and interest and sundry (income) 
expense for the years ending December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 

Millions of dollars
Operating profit (loss)
Interest and sundry (income)
Net periodic benefit cost (credit)

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017
$

$

2016

2015

2017

2016

2015

2017

2 $
6
8 $ 11 $

3 $
8

3 $
9
12 $

5 $
1
6 $

5 $
3
8 $

5 $
15
20 $ 23 $

7 $
16

2016

2015
2
7 $
3
(67)
10 $ (65)

During the first quarter of 2015, we recognized approximately $47 million from a curtailment gain due to the elimination 
of amounts credited to notional retiree health accounts for certain employees under age 50. The curtailment gain was 
recognized in our Consolidated Condensed Statement of Comprehensive Income with $43 million recorded in cost of 
products sold and the remaining balance in selling, general and administrative, with an offset to accumulated other 
comprehensive loss, net of tax.

During the third quarter of 2015, we recognized approximately $16 million from a curtailment gain due to the elimination 
of  retiree  medical  eligibility  for  certain  employees  under  age  50.  The  curtailment  gain  was  recognized  in  our 
Consolidated Condensed Statement of Comprehensive Income with $15 million recorded in cost of products sold and 
the remaining balance in selling, general and administrative, with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive loss, 
net of tax.

During the fourth quarter of 2017, we transferred a portion of small-benefit retirees under the pension plans to an 
insurance company. The liability and asset transfer was $64 million and did not have an impact on the consolidated 
balance sheets as of December 31, 2017.

61

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss (Pre-Tax) in 2017 

Millions of dollars
Current year actuarial loss
Actuarial (loss) recognized during the year
Current year prior service cost (credit)
Prior service credit (cost) recognized during
the year
Total recognized in other comprehensive
loss (pre-tax)
Total recognized in net periodic benefit
costs and other comprehensive loss (pre-
tax)

$

$

$

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

Other Postretirement

Benefits

4 $

(50)

—

3

(43) $

(35) $

33 $
(9)
—

—

24 $

30 $

14
—
16

4

34

57

Estimated Pre-Tax Amounts that will be amortized from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Net Periodic 
Pension Cost in 2018 

Millions of dollars
Actuarial loss
Prior service (credit)
Total

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

Other Postretirement

Benefits

$

$

56 $
(3)
53 $

10 $
—
10 $

—
(4)
(4)

We amortize prior service costs (credits) over a period of up to 21 years.

Assumptions

Weighted-Average Assumptions used to Determine Benefit Obligation at End of Year

 
 
Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase

United States

Pension Benefits
2016
2017
4.15%
3.65%
4.50%
4.50%

Foreign

Pension Benefits
2016
2017
2.64%
2.57%
3.08%
3.20%

Other Postretirement

Benefits

2017
4.00%
N/A

2016
4.42%
N/A

Weighted-Average Assumptions used to Determine Net Periodic Cost

 
 
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets
Rate of compensation increase
Health care cost trend rate

Initial rate
Ultimate rate
Year that ultimate rate will be
reached

Discount Rate

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

Other Postretirement

Benefits
2016

2016

2017
4.15% 4.45% 4.05% 2.64% 3.40% 3.32% 4.73% 4.88% 4.74%

2015

2015

2017

2016

2017

2015

6.75% 7.00% 7.00% 5.78% 5.81% 5.63%
4.50% 4.50% 4.50% 3.08% 3.06% 3.23%

N/A
N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

N/A
N/A

N/A

6.75% 7.00% 7.00%
5.00% 5.00% 5.00%

2025

2019

2019

For our United States pension and postretirement benefit plans, the discount rate was selected using a hypothetical 
portfolio of high quality bonds outstanding at December 31 that would provide the necessary cash flows to match our 
projected benefit payments. For our foreign pension and postretirement benefit plans, the discount rate was primarily 
selected using high quality bond yields for the respective country or region covered by the plan.

62

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Expected Return on Plan Assets

In the United States, the expected rate of return on plan assets was determined by using the historical asset returns 
for publicly traded equity and fixed income securities tracked since 1926 and the historical returns for private equity. 
The historical equity returns were adjusted downward to reflect future expectations. The expected returns are weighted 
by the targeted asset allocations. The resulting weighted-average return was rounded to the nearest quarter of one 
percent and applied to the fair value of plan assets as of December 31, 2017.

For foreign pension plans, the expected rate of return on plan assets was primarily determined by observing historical 
returns in the local fixed income and equity markets and computing the weighted average returns with the weights 
being the asset allocation of each plan.

Estimated Impact of One Percentage-Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rate

A one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects on our health 
care plan:

Millions of dollars
Effect on total of service and interest cost
Effect on postretirement benefit obligations

One Percentage
Point Increase

One Percentage
Point Decrease

$

$

—
3

—
(3)

Cash Flows

Funding Policy

Our funding policy is to contribute to our United States pension plans amounts sufficient to meet the minimum funding 
requirement as defined by employee benefit and tax laws, plus additional amounts which we may determine to be 
appropriate. In certain countries other than the United States, the funding of pension plans is not common practice. 
Contributions to our United States pension plans may be made in the form of cash or company stock. We pay for retiree 
medical benefits as they are incurred.

Expected Employer Contributions to Funded Plans

Millions of dollars
2018

Expected Benefit Payments

Millions of dollars
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023-2027

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

$

34 $

18

Foreign

Pension Benefits           
42 $
42
40
41
42
219

Other Postretirement
Benefits              
41
43
33
32
31
130

United States

Pension Benefits

298 $
271
260
259
250
1,120

$

63

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Plan Assets

Our overall investment strategy is to achieve an appropriate mix of investments for long-term growth and for near-term 
benefit payments with a wide diversification of asset types, fund strategies, and investment fund managers. The target 
allocation for plan assets is generally 40% equity and 60% fixed income (with variance based on the plan's funded 
status), with exceptions for foreign pension plans. For our U.S. plans, the target allocation for equity securities is 
approximately 50% allocated to United States large-cap, 25% to international equity, 13% to United States mid and 
small-cap  companies  and  12%  in  venture capital. The  target  allocation  for  fixed  income  is  allocated  with  75%  to 
corporate bonds and 25% to United States treasury and other government securities. The fixed income securities 
duration is intended to match that of our United States pension liabilities.

Plan assets are reported at fair value based on an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell 
an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement 
that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset. As a basis 
for considering such assumptions, a three-tiered fair value hierarchy is established, which prioritizes the inputs used 
in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, 
other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable, either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable 
inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 
Certain investments are valued based on net asset value (NAV), which approximates fair value. Such basis is determined 
by referencing the respective fund's underlying assets. There are no unfunded commitments or other restrictions 
associated with these investments.  We manage the process and approve the results of a third-party pricing service 
to value the majority of our securities and to determine the appropriate level in the fair value hierarchy. 

64

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

The fair values of our pension plan assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016, by asset category were as follows:

Millions of dollars
Cash and cash equivalents
Government and government 
agency securities (a)
U.S. securities
International securities

Corporate bonds and notes (a)

U.S. companies
International companies

Equity securities (b)
U.S. companies
International companies

Mutual funds (c)
Investments at net asset value

U.S. equity securities (d)
International equity 
securities (d)
Short-term investment 
fund (d)
International debt 
securities (e)
International equity 
securities (e)
Real estate (f)

Limited partnerships (g)
U.S. private equity
investments
Diversified fund of funds
Emerging growth
All other investments

Quoted prices

(Level 1)

Other significant
observable inputs

(Level 2)

December 31,
Significant

unobservable 

inputs
(Level 3)

Net Asset Value

Total

2016

2017
$ 36 $ 47 $

2017

— $

2016
—

2017
2016
$ — $ —

2017

$

— $

2016
—

2017

2016

$

36 $

47

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—

19
235
59

14
186
64

—

—

—

—

—
—

—

—

—

—

—
—

439
117

976
153

455
111

892
138

—
—
—

—

—

—

—

—
—

—
—
—

—

—

—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—
—

—

—

—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—
—

—

—

—

—

—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—
—

—
—

—
—

—
—
—

439
117

976
153

19
235
59

455
111

892
138

14
186
64

626

650

626

650

70

33

134

286
10

56

30

104

268
10

70

33

134

286
10

56

30

104

268
10

—
—
—
—

104
14
14
17
$ 349 $311 $1,703 $1,613 $ 106 $ 132 $1,159 $ 1,118 $3,317 $ 3,174

104
14
14
—

86
8
12
—

86
8
12
18

—
—
—
18

—
—
—
17

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

—
—
—
—

(a)  Valued using pricing vendors who use proprietary models to estimate the price a dealer would pay to buy a security using significant 

observable inputs, such as interest rates, yield curves, and credit risk. 

(b)  Valued using the closing stock price on a national securities exchange, which reflects the last reported sales price on the last business 

day of the year.

(c)  Valued using the net asset value (NAV) of the fund, which is based on the fair value of underlying securities. The fund primarily invests 

in a diversified portfolio of equity securities issued by non-U.S. companies.

(d)  Common and collective trust funds valued using the NAV of the fund, which is based on the fair value of underlying securities.
(e)  Fund of funds valued using the NAV of the fund, which is based on the fair value of underlying securities. International debt securities 

includes corporate bonds & notes and government & government agency securities.

(f)  Valued using the NAV of the fund, which is based on the fair value of underlying assets.
(g)  Valued at estimated fair value based on the proportionate share of the limited partnership's fair value, as determined by the general partner.

65

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)

Millions of dollars
Balance, December 31, 2016

Realized gains (net)
Unrealized gains (net)
Purchases
Settlements

Balance, December 31, 2017

Additional Information

Limited

Partnerships
132
$
21
(9)
—

(38)
106

$

The projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in 
excess of plan assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:

 
Millions of dollars
Projected benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

3,415 $
2,746

3,415 $
2,664

822 $
437

759
421

The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for pension plans with 
an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:

 
Millions of dollars 
Projected benefit obligation
Accumulated benefit obligation
Fair value of plan assets

United States

Pension Benefits

Foreign

Pension Benefits

2017

2016

2017

2016

$

3,415 $
3,403
2,746

3,415 $
3,406
2,664

816 $
793
432

720
699
383

(7) 

HEDGES AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Derivative  instruments  are  accounted  for  at  fair  value  based  on  market  rates.  Derivatives  where  we  elect  hedge 
accounting are designated as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivatives that are not accounted for based on 
hedge accounting are marked to market through earnings. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative 
depends on the intended use and designation of the derivative instrument. Hedging ineffectiveness and a net earnings 
impact occur when the change in the fair value of the hedge does not offset the change in the fair value of the hedged 
item. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is recognized in earnings.

Using derivative instruments means assuming counterparty credit risk. Counterparty credit risk relates to the loss we 
could  incur  if  a  counterparty  were  to  default  on  a  derivative  contract.  We  generally  deal  with  investment  grade 
counterparties  and monitor the overall credit risk and exposure to individual counterparties.  We do not anticipate 
nonperformance by any counterparties. The amount of counterparty credit exposure is limited to the unrealized gains, 
if any, on such derivative contracts. We do not require nor do we post collateral or security on such contracts.

Hedging Strategy

In the normal course of business, we manage risks relating to our ongoing business operations including those arising 
from changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. Fluctuations in these rates and prices 
can affect our operating results and financial condition. We use a variety of strategies, including the use of derivative 
instruments, to manage these risks. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative 
purposes.

66

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We incur expenses associated with the procurement and production of products in a limited number of countries, while 
we sell in the local currencies of a large number of countries. Our primary foreign currency exchange exposures result 
from cross-currency sales of products. As a result, we enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge certain firm 
commitments and forecasted transactions to acquire products and services that are denominated in foreign currencies.

We enter into certain undesignated non-functional currency asset and liability hedges that relate primarily to short-
term payables, receivables and intercompany loans. These forecasted cross-currency cash flows relate primarily to 
foreign  currency  denominated  expenditures  and  intercompany  financing  agreements,  royalty  agreements  and 
dividends. When we hedge a foreign currency denominated payable or receivable with a derivative, the effect of changes 
in the foreign exchange rates are reflected currently in interest and sundry (income) expense for both the payable/
receivable and the derivative. Therefore, as a result of the economic hedge, we do not elect hedge accounting.

Commodity Price Risk

We  enter  into  commodity  derivative  contracts  on  various  commodities  to  manage  the  price  risk  associated  with 
forecasted purchases of materials used in our manufacturing process. The objective of these hedges is to reduce the 
variability of cash flows associated with the forecasted purchase of commodities.

Interest Rate Risk

We  may  enter  into  interest  rate  swap  agreements  to  manage  interest  rate  risk  exposure.  Our  interest  rate  swap 
agreements, if any, effectively modify our exposure to interest rate risk, primarily through converting certain of our 
floating rate debt to a fixed rate basis, and certain fixed rate debt to a floating rate basis. These agreements involve 
either  the  receipt  or  payment  of  floating  rate  amounts  in  exchange  for  fixed  rate  interest  payments  or  receipts, 
respectively, over the life of the agreements without an exchange of the underlying principal amounts. We also may 
utilize a cross-currency interest rate swap agreement to manage our exposure relating to certain intercompany debt 
denominated in one foreign currency that will be repaid in another foreign currency. At December 31, 2017 and 2016
there were no outstanding swap agreements.

We may enter into treasury rate lock agreements to effectively modify our exposure to interest rate risk by locking-in 
interest rates on probable long-term debt issuances.

Net Investment Hedging

The  following  table  summarizes  our  foreign  currency  denominated  debt  and  foreign  exchange  forwards/options 
designated as net investment hedges at December 31, 2017 and 2016: 

Notional (local)

Notional (USD)

Maturity

Instrument
Senior note - 0.625%
Commercial Paper
Foreign exchange forwards/options

€
€

2017

2016

2017

2016

500 €
150 €

MXN 7,200

500 $
$
MXN 0 $

—

600 $
180 $
366 $

527 March 2020

—
—

January 2018
August 2022

For instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the effective portion of the instruments' 
gain or loss is reported as a component of OCI and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The gain or 
loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially 
liquidated. The remaining change in fair value of the hedge instruments represents the ineffective portion, which is 
immediately recognized in interest and sundry (income) expense on our consolidated statements of income. As of 
December 31, 2017, there was no ineffectiveness on hedges designated as net investment hedges.

67

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

The following tables summarize our outstanding derivative contracts and their effects on our Consolidated Balance 
Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

 

 

Fair Value of

Notional Amount
2017
2016

Hedge Assets
2017
2016

Hedge Liabilities
2017
2016

269

Millions of dollars
Derivatives accounted for as
hedges
Foreign exchange forwards/options $ 3,113 $ 1,813 $ 55 $ 32 $ 157 $ 10
Commodity swaps/options
11
Total derivatives accounted for as
hedges
Derivatives not accounted for as
hedges
Foreign exchange forwards/options $ 3,390 $ 3,262 $ 58 $ 39 $ 50 $ 16
Commodity swaps/options
—
Total derivatives not accounted for
as hedges
Total derivatives

16
$ 142 $ 78 $ 208 $ 37

$ 84 $ 39 $ 158 $ 21

299

29

58

50

39

1

1

7

2

—

—

—

 

Type of
Hedge (1)

Maximum Term

(Months)

2017

2016

(CF/NI)

(CF)

56
36

N/A
N/A

33
5

58
36

35
2

Current
Noncurrent
Total derivatives
(1) Derivatives accounted for as hedges are considered either cash flow (CF) or net investment (NI) hedges in 2017. During 2016, foreign 
exchange derivatives accounted for as hedges were classified as cash flow hedges.

$ 89 $ 54 $ 81 $ 35
2
$ 142 $ 78 $ 208 $ 37

127

53

24

The effects of derivative instruments on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for OCI 
for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:

Cash Flow Hedges - Millions of dollars
Foreign exchange forwards/options
Commodity swaps/options
Interest rate derivatives
Net Investment Hedges
Foreign currency

Gain (Loss)

Recognized in OCI
(Effective Portion)
2017
2016

Gain (Loss)

Reclassified from
OCI into Income

(Effective Portion) (1)
2016
2017

 
 

$ (164) $

59
—

27 $ (122) $
53
—

43
(1)

66 (a)
(a)
(30)
(1)
(b)

(49)

28

—

$ (154) $ 108 $

(80) $

—
35

Derivatives not Accounted for as Hedges - Millions of dollars
26
Foreign exchange forwards/options
(1)  Gains and losses reclassified from accumulated OCI and recognized in income are recorded in (a) cost of products sold, (b) interest expense or 

(40) $

$

Gain (Loss) Recognized on 

Derivatives not

Accounted for as Hedges (2)
2016
2017

(c) other (income) expense.

(2) Mark to market gains and losses recognized in income are recorded in interest and sundry income (expense).

68

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

For cash flow hedges, the amount of ineffectiveness recognized in interest and sundry income (expense) was nominal 
during 2017 and 2016. There were no hedges designated as fair value in 2017 and 2016. The net amount of unrealized 
gain or loss on derivative instruments included in accumulated OCI related to contracts maturing and expected to be 
realized during the next twelve months is a loss of $58 million at December 31, 2017.

(8) 

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

Fair value is measured based on an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid 
to  transfer a  liability  in  an  orderly  transaction between  market  participants. As  such, fair  value  is  a  market-based 
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or 
liability. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are based on a market valuation approach using prices and other 
relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. As a basis 
for considering such assumptions, a three-tiered fair value hierarchy is established, which prioritizes the inputs used 
in measuring fair value as follows: (Level 1) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level 2) inputs, 
other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable, either directly or indirectly; and (Level 3) unobservable 
inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. We 
had no (Level 3) assets or liabilities at December 31, 2017.

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:

Quoted Prices In
Active Markets for
Identical Assets

(Level 1)

Significant Other
Observable Inputs

(Level 2)

Total Cost Basis
2017
2016

Total Fair Value
2017
2016

$

Millions of dollars
Money market funds (1)
Net derivative contracts
Available for sale investments
Held to maturity investments(2)
(1) Money market funds are comprised primarily of government obligations and other first tier obligations.
(2) Held to maturity investments are primarily comprised of certificate of deposits with an approximate maturity term of less than six months. 

2016
—
41
—
—

2 $
—
6
60

2 $
—
22
60

29 $
—
4
—

29 $
—
16
—

(66)
22
60

2017
—

2 $

(66)

2016

2017

—
—

$

$

29
41
16
—

Other Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of long-term debt (including current maturities) was $4.95 billion and $4.47 billion at December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively, and was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on incremental borrowing 
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements (Level 2 input).

(9) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive income primarily includes (1) our reported net earnings, (2) foreign currency translation, (3) changes 
in the effective portion of our open derivative contracts designated as cash flow or net investment hedges, (4) changes 
in our unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefits and (5) changes in fair value of our available for sale 
marketable securities.

69

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

The following table shows the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) available to Whirlpool 
at December 31, 2015, 2016, and 2017, and the activity for the years then ended:

Foreign
Currency

Derivative
Instruments

Pension and

Postretirement

Liability

Marketable
Securities

Total

$

(925) $
(432)

(7) $
(23)

Millions of dollars
December 31, 2014

Unrealized gain (loss)
Unrealized actuarial gain(loss) and prior service
credit (cost)
Tax effect
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Less: Other comprehensive loss available to
noncontrolling interests

Other comprehensive income (loss) available to
Whirlpool

—
—

(432)

(9)

(423)

December 31, 2015

$ (1,348) $

Unrealized gain (loss)
Unrealized actuarial gain (loss) and prior service
credit (cost)
Tax effect
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Less: Other comprehensive loss available to
noncontrolling interests

Other comprehensive income (loss) available to
Whirlpool

(30)

—

(17)
(47)

—

(47)

December 31, 2016

$ (1,395) $

Unrealized gain (loss)
Unrealized actuarial gain (loss) and prior service
credit (cost)
Tax effect
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Less: Other comprehensive loss available to
noncontrolling interests

Other comprehensive income (loss) available to
Whirlpool

32

—
43
75

—

75

December 31, 2017

Net Earnings per Share

$ (1,320) $

(918) $

—

(79)
30
(49)

—

(49)
(967) $

—

(70)
6
(64)

—

(64)

(1,031) $

—

(15)
7
(8)

—

(8)

(1,039) $

10 $ (1,840)
(452)
3

—
—
3

—

(79)
30
(501)

(9)

3
(492)
13 $ (2,332)
(2)
39

—
—
(2)

—

(70)
(37)
(68)

—

(2)
(68)
11 $ (2,400)
6
34

—
—
6

—

(15)
50
69

—

6
69
17 $ (2,331)

—
—

(23)

—

(23)
(30) $
71

—

(26)
45

—

45
15 $
(4)

—
—
(4)

—

(4)
11 $

Diluted net earnings per share of common stock include the dilutive effect of stock options and other share-based 
compensation plans. Basic and diluted net earnings per share of common stock were calculated as follows:

Millions of dollars and shares
Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per share – net earnings available to
Whirlpool
Denominator for basic earnings per share – weighted-average shares
Effect of dilutive securities – stock-based compensation
Denominator for diluted earnings per share – adjusted weighted-average shares
Anti-dilutive stock options/awards excluded from earnings per share

2017

2016

2015

$

350 $
73.3
1.1
74.4
0.6

888 $
76.1
1.1
77.2
0.3

783
78.7
1.0
79.7
0.2

Dividends 

Dividends per share paid to shareholders were $4.30, $3.90 and $3.45 during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

70

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Repurchase Program

On April 18, 2016 , our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $1 billion.  For the year 
ended December 31, 2017, we repurchased 4,010,000  shares at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $700 
million under this program.  At December 31, 2017, there were no remaining funds authorized under this program.

On July 25, 2017, our Board of Directors authorized an additional share repurchase program of up to $2 billion.  For 
the year ended December 31, 2017, we repurchased 305,500 shares at an aggregate purchase price of approximately 
$50 million under this program.  At December 31, 2017, there were approximately $1,950 million in remaining funds 
authorized under this program. 

Share repurchases are made from time to time on the open market as conditions warrant. These programs do not 
obligate us to repurchase any of our shares and they have no expiration date.

(10)  SHARE-BASED INCENTIVE PLANS 

We sponsor several share-based employee incentive plans. Share-based compensation expense for grants awarded 
under these plans was $48 million, $39 million and $52 million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Related income 
tax benefits recognized in earnings were $16 million, $14 million and $18 million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

At December 31, 2017, unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option and stock unit awards 
totaled  $55  million. The  cost  of  these  non-vested  awards  is  expected  to  be  recognized  over  a  weighted-average 
remaining vesting period of 28 months.

Share-Based Employee Incentive Plans

On April 16, 2013, our stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan 
("2010 OSIP"). This plan was previously adopted by our Board of Directors on February 19, 2013 and provides for the 
issuance of stock options, performance stock units, performance shares, restricted stock and restricted stock units. 
No new awards may be granted under the 2010 OSIP after the tenth anniversary of the date that the stockholders 
approved the plan. However, the term and exercise of awards granted before then may extend beyond that date. At 
December 31, 2017, approximately 5.1 million shares remain available for issuance under the 2010 OSIP.    

Stock Options

Eligible employees may receive stock options as a portion of their total compensation. Such options generally become 
exercisable over a 3-year period, expire 10 years from the date of grant and are subject to forfeiture upon termination 
of employment, other than by death, disability or retirement. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to measure 
the fair value of stock options granted to employees. Granted options have exercise prices equal to the market price 
of Whirlpool common stock on the grant date. The principal assumptions used in valuing options include: (1) risk-free 
interest rate - an estimate based on the yield of United States zero coupon securities with a maturity equal to the 
expected life of the option; (2) expected volatility - an estimate based on the historical volatility of Whirlpool common 
stock for a period equal to the expected life of the option; and (3) expected option life - an estimate based on historical 
experience. Stock options are expensed on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures. Based on the results of 
the model, the weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were $44.01, 
$31.21 and $63.40, respectively, using the following assumptions: 

Weighted Average Black-Scholes Assumptions
Risk-free interest rate
Expected volatility
Expected dividend yield
Expected option life, in years

2017

2016

2015

1.9%
32.0%
2.3%
5

1.2%
33.5%
2.8%
5

1.5%
35.5%
1.4%
5

71

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Stock Option Activity

The following table summarizes stock option activity during 2017:

In thousands, except per share data
Outstanding at January 1
Granted
Exercised
Canceled or expired
Outstanding at December 31
Exercisable at December 31

Number
of Options

Weighted-
Average

Exercise Price

2,216 $

427
(311)
(67)

2,265 $
1,463 $

112.00
177.15
108.80
160.68
123.27
102.01

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $22 million, $20 million, and $48 million for 2017, 2016, and 
2015,  respectively. The related tax benefits were $8 million,  $7 million  and  $18 million  for  2017,  2016,  and  2015, 
respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options was $34 million, $26 million, and $38 million for 2017, 
2016, and 2015, respectively.

The table below summarizes additional information related to stock options outstanding at December 31, 2017:

Options in thousands / dollars in millions, except share data
Number of options
Weighted-average exercise price per share
Aggregate intrinsic value
Weighted-average remaining contractual term, in years

Stock Units

Outstanding Net of
Expected Forfeitures

Options

Exercisable

$
$

2,163

123.19 $
112 $

6

1,463
102.01
106
4

Eligible  employees  may  receive  restricted  stock  units  or  performance  stock  units  as  a  portion  of  their  total 
compensation.

Restricted stock units are typically granted to selected management employees on an annual basis and vest over three 
years.  Periodically, restricted  stock  units  may  be  granted  to  selected  executives  based  on  special  recognition  or 
retention circumstances and generally vest from three years to seven years. Some previously granted awards accrue 
dividend equivalents on outstanding units (in the form  of  additional stock units) based on  dividends declared on 
Whirlpool common stock. These awards convert to unrestricted common stock at the conclusion of the vesting period.

Performance stock units are granted to executives on an annual basis and generally vest over a three year period, 
converting to unrestricted common stock at the conclusion of the vesting period. The final award may equal 0% to 
200% of a target based on pre-established Whirlpool financial performance measures. 

We measure compensation cost for stock units based on the closing market price of Whirlpool common stock at the 
grant date, with adjustments for performance stock units to reflect the final award granted. The weighted average 
grant date fair values of awards granted during 2017, 2016, and 2015 were $164.26, $127.88 and $155.37, respectively. 
The total fair value of stock units vested during 2017, 2016, and 2015 was $29 million, $33 million and $41 million, 
respectively.

The following table summarizes stock unit activity during 2017:

Stock units in thousands, except per-share data
Non-vested, at January 1
Granted
Canceled
Vested and transferred to unrestricted
Non-vested, at December 31

Number of
Stock Units

72

Weighted- Average

Grant Date Fair

Value

815 $
307
(57)
(286)
779 $

134.21
164.26
158.94
123.95
155.17

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Nonemployee Director Equity Awards

In 2017, each nonemployee director received an annual grant of Whirlpool common stock, with the number of shares 
to be issued to the director determined by dividing $130,000 by the closing price of Whirlpool common stock on the 
date of the annual meeting of our stockholders. Nonemployee directors receive a one-time grant of 1,000 shares of 
Whirlpool common stock made at the time they first join the Board.

(11)  RESTRUCTURING CHARGES 

We periodically take action to improve operating efficiencies, typically in connection with business acquisitions or 
changes in the economic environment. Our footprint and headcount reductions and organizational integration actions 
relate to discrete, unique restructuring events, primarily reflected in the following plans:

During  2014  and  2015,  we  announced  the  following  restructuring  plans:  (a)  the  closure  of  a  microwave  oven 
manufacturing  facility  and  other  organizational  efficiency  actions  in  EMEA  and  Latin  America,  (b)  organizational 
integration activities in China and Europe to support the integration of Whirlpool China and Indesit, and (c) the closure 
of a research and development facility in Germany in 2016. All of these actions were substantially completed in 2016. 

In the second quarter of 2015, we committed to a restructuring plan to integrate our Italian legacy operations with 
those of Indesit. The industrial restructuring plan, which was approved by the relevant labor unions in July 2015 and 
signed by the Italian government in August 2015, provides for the closure or repurposing of certain manufacturing 
facilities  and  headcount  reductions  at  other  facilities.  In  addition,  the  restructuring  plan  provides  for  headcount 
reductions in the salaried employee workforce. We estimate that we will incur up to €179 million (approximately $215 
million as of December 31, 2017) in employee-related costs, €25 million (approximately $30 million as of December 31, 
2017)  in  asset  impairment  costs  and  €37  million  (approximately  $44  million  as  of  December 31,  2017)  in  other 
associated costs in connection with these actions. We expect these actions will be complete in 2019. We estimate €209 
million (approximately $251 million as of December 31, 2017) of the estimated €241  million (approximately $289 
million as of December 31, 2017) total cost will result or has resulted in cash expenditures. As of  December 31, 2017, 
€53 million (approximately $64 million) remains to be expensed. 

On January 24, 2017 the Company and certain of its subsidiary companies began consultations with certain works 
councils  and  other  regulatory agencies  in  connection  with  the  Company's proposal to restructure its  EMEA  dryer 
manufacturing operations. Company management authorized the initiation of such consultations on December 30, 
2016.  These actions are expected to result in changing the operations at the Company's Yate, U.K. facility to focus on 
manufacturing for U.K. consumer needs only; ending production in 2018 in Amiens, France; and concentrating the 
production of dryers for non-U.K. consumer needs in Lodz, Poland. The Company anticipates that approximately 500
positions would be impacted by these actions. The Company expects these actions to be substantially complete in 
2018. The  Company  estimates  that  it  will  incur  up  to approximately €59  million  (approximately $71  million  as  of 
December 31,  2017)  in  employee-related  costs,  approximately  €11  million  (approximately  $13  million  as  of 
December 31,  2017)  in  asset  impairment  costs  and  approximately  €10  million  (approximately  $12  million  as  of 
December 31,  2017)  in  other  associated  costs  in  connection  with  these  actions.  The  Company  estimates  that 
approximately  €69  million  (approximately  $83  million  as  of  December 31,  2017)  of  the  estimated  €79  million
(approximately $95 million as of December 31, 2017) total cost will result or has resulted in cash expenditures. As of  
December 31, 2017, €27 million (approximately $33 million) remains to be expensed. 

In the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company announced an initiative to reduce fixed overhead costs by $150 million, 
which will be implemented in 2018. This initiative primarily impacts our overhead costs, including salary headcount 
and third-party services.  The Company is in the process of implementing certain restructuring actions pursuant to 
this initiative.

On January 10, 2018, we announced certain restructuring actions related to streamlining operations in our Embraco 
compressor business.  These actions are expected to result in ceasing operations and ending production at Embraco's 
Riva Presso Chieri, Turin, Italy facility in 2018, and concentrating the assembly and manufacturing of compressors in 
Embraco's other manufacturing centers.  The Company currently anticipates that approximately 500 positions are 
impacted by these actions. The Company expects these actions to be substantially complete in 2018. The Company 
estimates that it will incur up to approximately €43  million (approximately $50 million as of December 31, 2017) in 
employee-related costs,  approximately €20  million  (approximately $25  million  as  of  December 31,  2017)  in  asset 
impairment costs and approximately €3 million (approximately $5 million as of December 31, 2017) in other associated 

73

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

costs in connection with these actions.  The Company estimates that approximately €46  million (approximately $55 
million  of December 31, 2017) of the estimated €66 million (approximately $80 million as of December 31, 2017) total 
cost will result in future cash expenditures.

The following tables summarize the changes to our restructuring liability for the years ended December 31, 2017 
and 2016:

Millions of dollars
Employee termination costs
Asset impairment costs
Facility exit costs
Other exit costs
Total

Millions of dollars
Employee termination costs
Asset impairment costs
Facility exit costs
Other exit costs
Total

12/31/2016
$

71 $
—
2
14
87 $

30 $
—
3
18
51 $

12/31/2015
$

$

$

Charges to
Earnings

Cash Paid

Non-Cash
and Other

Revision of
Estimate

185 $
40
28
22
275 $

(125) $

—

(28)
(19)
(172) $

— $

(40)

—
12
(28) $

Charge to
Earnings

Cash Paid

Non-cash
and Other

Revision of
Estimate

133 $
17
15
8

173 $

(90) $
(1)
(16)
(12)
(119) $

(2) $
(16)

—
—

(18) $

12/31/2017
131
—
2
29
162

— $
—
— $
—
— $

12/31/2016
71
—
2
14
87

— $
—
—
—
— $

The following table summarizes 2017 restructuring charges by operating segment:

Millions of dollars
North America
EMEA
Latin America
Asia
Corporate / Other
Total

2017 Charges

28
190
20
16
21
275

$

$

74

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

(12)       INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense was $550 million, $186 million, and $209 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The following 
table summarizes the difference between income tax expense at the United States statutory rate of 35% and the income 
tax expense at effective worldwide tax rates for the respective periods:

Millions of dollars
Earnings before income taxes

United States
Foreign

Earnings before income taxes

Income tax computed at United States statutory rate

U.S. government tax incentives
Foreign government tax incentives, including BEFIEX
Foreign tax rate differential
U.S. foreign tax credits
Valuation allowances
State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit
Foreign withholding taxes
U.S. tax on foreign dividends and subpart F income
Settlement of global tax audits
U.S. Transition Tax
Changes in enacted tax rates
Other items, net

Income tax computed at effective worldwide tax rates

Current and Deferred Tax Provision

2017

2016

2015

$

$

671 $
216
887

310
(13)
(29)
(14)
17
(68)
29
41
12
48
190
49
(22)
550 $

605 $
509
1,114

555
476
1,031

390
(9)
(11)
(50)
(86)
(121)
20
36
63
(40)

—
32
(38)
186 $

361
(13)
(19)
(36)
(103)
(95)
18
16
57
16
—
—
7
209

The following table summarizes our income tax (benefit) provision for 2017, 2016 and 2015:

 
Millions of dollars
United States
Foreign
State and local

Total income tax expense

United States Government Tax Legislation

$

2017

2016

2015

Deferred

Current

Deferred

Current

Current
$

138 $
213
12
363 $
$

386 $
(233)
34
187 $
550

34 $
167
7

208 $
$

120 $
(154)
12
(22) $
186

Deferred
55
(143)
8
(80)
209

98 $
181
10
289 $
$

On December 22, 2017, H.R.1 (the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act”) was signed into law.  Significant provisions impacting 
Whirlpool's 2017 effective tax rate include the reduction in corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective in 2018, and 
a one-time deemed repatriation (“Transition Tax”) on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax 
deferred, and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings.  At December 31, 2017, the Company had not 
completed its accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; however, in certain cases, 
as described below, the Company has made a reasonable estimate of the effects on its existing deferred tax balances 
and impact of the one-time Transition Tax.  For the items for which the Company was able to determine a reasonable 
estimate, it recognized the following provisional impacts.  The reduction in corporate tax rate resulted in a one - time 
tax expense in the amount of $49 million related to the revaluation of our U.S. net deferred tax asset.  The Transition 
Tax resulted in a one-time tax expense in the amount of $190 million.  The tax expense recognized represents the 
Company's best estimate of the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  During 2018, the Company will continue to refine 
the calculations related to both provisional amounts as it gains a more thorough understanding of the tax law, and 
certain aspects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are clarified by the taxing authorities.

On December 18, 2015, the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (the "Act") was signed into law.  The Act 
makes permanent certain provisions including the Research and Development Credit.  The Act extends through 2019 

75

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

certain  provisions including  Bonus  Depreciation and  exempts certain  types  of  income  payments between  related 
controlled foreign corporations.

United States Tax on Foreign Dividends

We have historically reinvested all unremitted earnings of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, and 
therefore have not recognized any U.S. deferred tax liability on those earnings.  However, upon the enactment of the 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to U.S. tax under 
the Transition Tax provision.  As a result, we recognized a one-time income tax expense in the amount of $190 million.  
We had previously disclosed in prior periods our plans to distribute foreign earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries 
that were forecasted to result in tax benefits which were not recognized in the prior period because of their contingent 
nature. In Q4, we did distribute $89 million of dividends to the U.S. from these foreign subsidiaries.  However, as a 
result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the distribution did not generate a tax benefit.  We are not planning to distribute 
additional cash related to these earnings.  The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.2 billion
at  December 31,  2017,  of  which  substantially  all  was  held  by  subsidiaries  in  foreign  countries.  Our  intent  is  to 
permanently reinvest these funds outside of the United States and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to 
repatriate the cash to fund our U.S. operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, we would be required to 
accrue and pay applicable United States taxes (if any) and withholding taxes payable to various countries. It is not 
practicable to estimate the amount of the deferred tax liability associated with the repatriation of cash due to the 
complexity of its hypothetical calculation.

Valuation Allowances

At December 31, 2017, we had net operating loss carryforwards of $4.1 billion, $842 million of which were U.S. state 
net  operating  loss  carryforwards.  Of  the  total  net  operating  loss  carryforwards,  $2.8  billion  do  not  expire,  with 
substantially all of the remaining carryforwards expiring in various years through 2037. As of December 31, 2017, we 
had $927 million of United States general business credit carryforwards available to offset future payments of federal 
income taxes, expiring between 2018 and 2037.

We routinely review the future realization of deferred tax assets based on projected future reversal of taxable temporary 
differences, available tax  planning  strategies and  projected  future  taxable  income.  We have recorded a  valuation 
allowance to reflect the net estimated amount of certain deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss and 
other  deferred  tax  assets  we  believe  will  be  realized.  Our  recorded  valuation  allowance  of  $178  million  at 
December 31, 2017 consists of $156 million of net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets and $22 million of 
other deferred tax assets.  Our recorded valuation allowance was $150 million at December 31, 2016 and consisted 
of $128 million of net operating loss carryforward deferred tax assets and $22 million of other deferred tax assets. 
The increase in our valuation allowance includes $83 million of releases recognized in net earnings, offset by $15 
million of additional valuation allowances. The remaining change relates to reclassification within our net deferred tax 
asset. We believe that it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefit of existing deferred tax assets, net of 
valuation allowances mentioned above.

Settlement of Global Tax Audits

We are in various stages of audits by certain governmental tax authorities. We establish liabilities for the difference 
between tax return provisions and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. Such amounts represent a 
reasonable  provision  for  taxes  ultimately  expected  to  be  paid,  and  may  need  to  be  adjusted  over  time  as  more 
information becomes known. We are no longer subject to any significant United States federal tax examinations for 
the years before 2009, or any state, local or foreign income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2004.

76

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Deferred Tax Liabilities and Assets

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities used for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The following 
table summarizes the significant components of our deferred tax liabilities and assets at December 31, 2017 and 2016:

Millions of dollars
Deferred tax liabilities
Intangibles
Property, net
LIFO inventory
Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Deferred tax assets
U.S. general business credit carryforwards, including Energy Tax Credits
Pensions
Loss carryforwards
Postretirement obligations
Foreign tax credit carryforwards
Research and development capitalization
Employee payroll and benefits
Accrued expenses
Product warranty accrual
Receivable and inventory allowances
Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances

Net deferred tax assets

Unrecognized Tax Benefits

2017

2016

$

$

610 $
185
38
177
1,010

927
220
880
109
—
129
56
170
55
56
521
3,123
(178)
2,945
1,935 $

765
199
59
156
1,179

964
322
668
144
310
273
111
106
64
59
344
3,365
(150)
3,215
2,036

The following table represents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits that 
if recognized would impact the effective tax rate, excluding federal benefits of state and local tax positions, and interest 
and penalties:

Millions of dollars
Balance, January 1
Additions for tax positions of the current year
Additions for tax positions of prior years
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
Settlements during the period
Positions assumed in acquisitions
Lapses of applicable statute of limitation
Balance, December 31

$

$

2017

2016

2015

102 $
25
110
(1)
(10)

—
(7)

219 $

143 $
14
1
(33)
(20)

—
(3)

102 $

141
12
27
(25)
(5)
—
(7)
143

Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits resulted in a net benefit of $8 million as of December 
31, 2017, a net benefit of $19 million in 2016, and a net expense of $5 million in 2015. We have accrued a total of $45 
million, $42 million and $63 million at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 , respectively.

It is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits of $18 million could be settled with various related 
jurisdictions during the next 12 months.

(13)  SEGMENT INFORMATION 

Our reportable segments are based upon geographic region and are defined as North America, EMEA, Latin America 
and Asia. These regions also represent our operating segments.  Each segment manufactures home appliances and 
related  components,  but  serves  strategically  different  markets.  The  chief  operating  decision  maker  evaluates 

77

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

performance based upon each segment's operating income, which is defined as income before interest and sundry 
(income)  expense,  interest  expense,  income  taxes,  noncontrolling  interests,  intangible  asset  impairment  and 
restructuring  costs.  Total  assets  by  segment  are  those  assets  directly  associated  with  the  respective  operating 
activities. The "Other/Eliminations" column primarily includes corporate expenses, assets and eliminations, as well as 
restructuring costs and intangible asset impairments, if any. Intersegment sales are eliminated within each region 
except compressor sales out of Latin America, which are included in Other/Eliminations.

We conduct business in three countries - the United States, Brazil, and China - which individually comprised at least 
10%  of  consolidated  net  sales  or  long-lived  assets  within  the  country  in  the  last  three  years. The  following  table 
summarizes net sales and long-lived assets by geographic area: 

Millions of dollars         
2017:
Sales to external customers
Long-lived assets
2016:
Sales to external customers
Long-lived assets
2015:
Sales to external customers
Long-lived assets

United States

Brazil

China

All Other
Countries

Total

$

$

$

10,378 $ 2,079 $
4,577

356

824 $ 7,972 $ 21,253
9,742

3,743

1,066

9,901 $ 1,895 $
4,587

336

945 $ 7,977 $ 20,718
981
9,318

3,414

9,189 $ 1,915 $ 1,003 $ 8,784 $ 20,891
4,558
9,458

1,038

3,609

253

As described above, our chief operating decision maker reviews each operating segment's performance based upon 
operating  income  which  excludes  restructuring  costs  and  intangible  asset  impairment,  if  any.  Intangible  asset 
impairment and restructuring costs are included in operating profit on a consolidated basis and included in the Other/
Eliminations column in the table below:

 

Millions of dollars
Net sales

Intersegment sales

Depreciation and amortization

Operating profit (loss)

Total assets

Capital expenditures

2017
2016
2015

2017
2016
2015

2017
2016
2015

2017
2016
2015

2017
2016
2015

2017
2016
2015

OPERATING SEGMENTS

North

America

EMEA

Latin

America

Asia

Other/

Eliminations

Total

Whirlpool

$

$

11,663
11,147
10,732

4,881
5,148
5,601

3,420
3,191
3,349

1,467
1,424
1,417

198 $ 118 $ 183 $ 289 $
162
218

196
211

276
271

67
52

253 $ 196 $
261
259

204
199

84 $
72
67

$ 1,359 $

(2) $ 244 $

1,285
1,192

158
197

210
187

62 $
63
61

(8) $
74
80

(178)
(192)
(208)

21,253
20,718
20,891

(788) $
(701)
(752)

—
—
—

59 $
55
82

654
655
668

(457) $ 1,136
1,368
(359)
(414)
1,242

$ 8,275 $8,781 $ 2,865 $2,706 $

8,009
7,683

7,497
7,351

2,601
2,260

2,788
2,738

(2,589) $ 20,038
19,153
(1,742)
(1,022)
19,010

$

197 $ 218 $ 112 $ 106 $
199
243

199
220

105
106

68
47

51 $
89
73

684
660
689

78

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (CONTINUED)

Effective January 1, 2018, the Company realigned the composition of certain segments to align with its new leadership 
reporting structure. Beginning in the first quarter of 2018, the Company will report its Mexico business as a part of its 
Latin America segment, and will shift certain adjacent business from the North America segment to the Asia segment. 
In addition, the chief operating decision maker will evaluate performance based on each segment's earnings before 
interest and taxes (EBIT), which is defined as operating profit less interest and sundry (income) expense and certain 
other  items  that  management  believes  are  not  indicative  of  future  results.  The  determination  of  the  Company's 
reportable segments was not affected by these changes and segment information disclosed prospectively will continue 
to be based on the same geographic regions that existed prior to this change.

(14)   QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 

 

Three months ended

Millions of dollars, except per share data
Net sales
Cost of products sold
Gross Margin
Operating profit
Interest and sundry (income)
expense
Net earnings (loss)
Net earnings available to
Whirlpool

Per share of common stock:(1)
Basic net earnings
Diluted net earnings
Dividends

Dec. 31

Sept. 30

Jun. 30

Mar. 31

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

2017

2016

$ 5,702 $ 5,656 $ 5,418 $ 5,248 $ 5,347 $ 5,198 $ 4,786 $ 4,616
3,793
823
285

4,503
915
331

4,471
876
274

3,960
826
264

4,717
985
267

4,308
940
374

4,229
969
368

4,696
960
341

18
(272)

(10)
186

(268)

180

21
272

276

30
244

238

23
179

189

41
342

320

25
158

153

32
156

150

$ (3.74) $

(3.69)
1.10

2.40 $ 3.78 $
2.36
1.00

3.72
1.10

3.14 $ 2.55 $
3.10
1.00

2.52
1.10

4.20 $ 2.05 $
4.15
1.00

2.01
1.00

1.94
1.92
0.90

Market price range of common 
stock:(2)
High(3)
$190.73 $185.24 $200.61 $194.10 $202.99 $193.59 $192.00 $180.59
Low(3)
123.60
158.80
180.34
Close
168.64
(1)  The quarterly earnings per share amounts will not necessarily add to the earnings per share computed for the year due to the method used in   

167.03
184.44

164.81
191.62

168.14
171.33

145.91
181.77

159.55
162.16

152.19
166.64

calculating per share data.

(2)  Composite price as reported by the New York Stock Exchange.
(3)  Reflects intraday price as reported by the New York Stock Exchange.

79

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure  controls and  procedures.  Whirlpool  maintains  disclosure  controls  and  procedures (as  defined  in  Rule 
13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Securities Exchange Act")) that are designed to 
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Securities Exchange 
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC 
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Whirlpool's management, including its Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Prior to filing this report, we completed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of Whirlpool 
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and 
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017. Based on this evaluation, the Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at 
the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2017.

Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, we included a report of management's 
assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this report. Management's 
report is included on page 91 of this report under the caption entitled "Management's Report on Internal Control Over 
Financial Reporting".

Our internal control over financial reporting  as of December 31, 2017 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included on page 93 of this report 
under the caption entitled "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and is incorporated herein by 
reference.

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2017
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

80

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information regarding our executive officers is included in ITEM 1 of PART I of this report.

Information  regarding  the  background  of  the  directors,  matters  related  to  the  Audit  Committee,  Section 16(a) 
compliance, and the process by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors can be 
found  under  the  captions  "Directors  and  Nominees  for  Election  as  Directors," "Board  of  Directors  and  Corporate 
Governance - Board of Directors and Committees," "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," and 
"Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Director Nominations by Stockholders" in our Proxy Statement, which 
is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our principal 
executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The text of our code of ethics is posted 
on our website: www.whirlpoolcorp.com (scroll to the bottom of the main page and click on "Policies," then on "Code 
of Ethics.") Whirlpool intends to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of the code of 
ethics  for  executive  officers  and  directors  on  this  website  within  four  business  days  following  the  date  of  such 
amendment or waiver. Stockholders may request a free copy of the code of ethics from:

Investor Relations

Whirlpool Corporation

2000 North M-63
Mail Drop 2609

Benton Harbor, MI 49022-2692

Telephone: (269) 923-2641

Whirlpool  has  also  adopted  Corporate Governance  Guidelines  and  written  charters  for  its  Audit,  Finance,  Human 
Resources  and  Corporate  Governance  and  Nominating  Committees,  all  of  which  are  posted  on  our  website: 
www.whirlpoolcorp.com (scroll to the bottom of the main page and click on "Policies.") Stockholders may request a 
free copy of the charters and guidelines from the address or telephone number set forth above.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information  regarding  compensation  of  our  executive  officers  and  directors  can  be  found  under  the  captions 
"Nonemployee Director Compensation," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation Tables," 
"Pay Ratio Disclosure," and "Human Resources Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in the Proxy Statement, 
which is incorporated herein by reference. See also the information under the caption "Human Resources Committee 
Report" in our Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference; however, such information is only "furnished" 
hereunder and not deemed "soliciting material" or "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C or to the 
liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Information regarding the security ownership of any person that we know to beneficially own more than 5% of Whirlpool 
stock and by each Whirlpool director, each Whirlpool named executive officer, and all directors and executive officers 
as a group, can be found under the captions "Security Ownership" and "Beneficial Ownership" in the Proxy Statement, 
which is incorporated herein by reference. Information relating to securities authorized under equity compensation 
plans  can  be  found  under  the  caption  "Equity  Compensation  Plan  Information" in  the  Proxy  Statement,  which  is 
incorporated herein by reference.

81

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR

INDEPENDENCE

Information  regarding certain  relationships and  related  transactions (if  any)  and  the  independence  of  Whirlpool's 
directors, can  be  found  under  the  captions  "Related  Person Transactions" and  "Board of  Directors and  Corporate 
Governance - Board of Directors and Committees" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Information regarding our auditors and the Audit Committee's pre-approval policies can be found under the caption 
"Matters Relating to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy Statement, which is incorporated 
herein by reference.

82

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report:

1. Financial statements

Consolidated Statements of Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Balance Sheets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Report by Management on the Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

PAGE
41
42
43
44
45
46
90
92

2. Financial Statement Schedules - "Schedule II—Valuation  and Qualifying Accounts" is contained on page 94 of 
this  report.  Certain  schedules  for  which  provisions  are  made  in  the  applicable  accounting  regulations  of  the 
Securities  and  Exchange Commission  are not  required under  the  related instructions  or  are inapplicable,  and 
therefore have been omitted.

(b) The exhibits listed in the "Exhibit Index" is contained on page 84 of this report.
(c) Individual financial statements of the registrant's affiliated foreign companies, accounted for by the equity 
method, have been omitted since no such company individually constitutes a significant subsidiary.

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

83

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

ITEMS 15(a)(3) and 15(c)

EXHIBIT INDEX

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017 

The following exhibits are submitted herewith or incorporated herein by reference in response to Items 15(a)(3) and 
15(c). Each exhibit that is considered a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be 
filed pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K is identified by a "(Z)."

Number and Description of Exhibit
 
3(i)

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Whirlpool Corporation (amended and restated as of April 22, 
2009). [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 
1-3932) filed on April 23, 2009]

3(ii)

4(i)

4(ii)

4(iii)

4(iv)

4(v)

4(vi)

4(vii)

10(i)(a)

 

By-Laws of Whirlpool Corporation (amended and restated effective October 18, 2016). [Incorporated by 
reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on October 
21, 2016]

The registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a 
copy of instruments defining the rights of holders of each issue of long-term debt of the registrant and 
its subsidiaries.

Indenture dated as of April 15, 1990 between Whirlpool Corporation and Citibank, N.A. [Incorporated by 
reference from Exhibit 4(a)  to the  Company's Registration Statement on  Form S-3  (Commission  file 
number 33-40249) filed on May 6, 1991]

Indenture dated as of March 20, 2000 between Whirlpool Corporation and U.S. Bank, National Association 
(as  successor  to  Citibank,  N.A.)  [Incorporated  by  reference  from  Exhibit  4(a)  to  the  Company's 
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Commission file number 333-32886) filed on March 21, 2000]

Indenture dated as of June 15, 1987 between Maytag Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago. 
[Incorporated by reference from Maytag Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file 
number 1-00655) for the quarter ended June 30, 1987]

Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 30, 2001 between Maytag Corporation and Bank One, 
National  Association.  [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit  4.1  to Maytag Corporation's Form 8-K 
(Commission file number 1-00655) filed on October 31, 2001]

Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2010, between Maytag Corporation, Whirlpool 
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. [Incorporated by reference from 
Exhibit 4(vi) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2010]

Indenture, dated November 2, 2016, among Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à. r.l., Whirlpool Corporation 
and U.S. Bank National Association. [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 
8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on November 2, 2016]

Share Purchase Agreement dated July 10, 2014 among Whirlpool Corporation and Fineldo S.p.A., Franca 
Carloni, Andrea Merloni, Aristide Merloni, Maria Paola Merloni, and Antonella Merloni [Incorporated by 
reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 
1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014]
 

84

10(i)(b)

Share Purchase Agreement dated July 10, 2014 among Whirlpool Corporation and Fineldo S.p.A., Fines 
S.p.A.,  Franca Carloni,  Andrea  Merloni,  Aristide  Merloni,  Maria  Paola  Merloni,  Ester  Merloni,  Vittorio 
Merloni and Antonella Merloni [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014]

Share Purchase Agreement dated July 10, 2014 between Whirlpool Corporation and Claudia Merloni 
[Incorporated  by  reference  from  Exhibit  10.3  to  the  Company's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014]

Exclusivity Agreement dated July 10, 2014 among Whirlpool Corporation and Fineldo S.p.A., Fines S.p.A., 
Vittorio Merloni, Franca Carloni, Aristide Merloni, Andrea Merloni, Maria Paola Merloni, Antonella Merloni, 
and Ester Merloni [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2014]

Amendment dated October 14, 2014 to Share Purchase Agreement dated July 10, 2014, among Whirlpool 
Italia Holdings S.r.l., Whirlpool Corporation and Fineldo S.p.A., Franca Carloni, Andrea Merloni, Aristide 
Merloni, Maria Paola Merloni, and Antonella Merloni [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the 
Company's Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  (Commission  file  number  1-3932)  for  the  quarter  ended 
September 30, 2014]

Third Amended and Restated Long-Term Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2016 among 
Whirlpool  Corporation, Whirlpool  Europe B.V., Whirlpool  Finance  B.V., Whirlpool  Canada  Holding  Co., 
certain Financial Institutions and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative Agent, The Royal Bank 
of Scotland PLC, BNP Paribas and Citibank, N.A. as Syndication Agents, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 
RBS  Securities  Inc.,  BNP  Paribas  Securities  Corp.,  and  Citigroup  Global  Markets  Inc.,  as  Joint  Lead 
Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended June 30, 2016]

Consent to Commitment Increase dated September 27, 2017 by and between Whirlpool Corporation and 
JPMorgan  Chase  Bank,  N.A.,  as  Administrative  Agent,  and  form  of  consent  by  certain  Financial 
Institutions [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-
Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2017]

10(i)(c)

10(i)(d)

10(i)(e)

10(i)(f)

10(i)(g)

10(i)(h)

Request for Extension dated September 8, 2017 by the Company and form of consent to Extension dated 
September 27, 2017 by certain Financial Institutions to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative 
Agent [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended September 30, 2017]  
 

 
10(iii)(a) Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Stock Ownership Plan (amended as of February 16, 1999, 
effective April 20, 1999) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to the Company's Proxy Statement 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the 1999 annual meeting of stockholders]

10(iii)(b) Whirlpool Corporation Charitable Award Contribution and Additional Life Insurance Plan for Directors 
(effective April 20, 1993) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(p) to the Company's Annual 
Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994]

10(iii)(c) Whirlpool Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (as amended effective January 1, 1992 
and April 20, 1993) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(f) to the Company's Annual Report 
on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]
 

 
10(iii)(d) Whirlpool Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan II for Non-Employee Directors (as amended and 
restated, effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(e) to the Company's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2008]

85

 

 
10(iii)(e) Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Equity Plan (effective January 1, 2005) (Z) [Incorporated 
by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on 
April 21, 2005]

10(iii)(f)

Amendment of the Whirlpool Corporation Nonemployee Director Equity Plan (effective January 1, 2008) 
(Z)  [Incorporated by  reference to  Exhibit  10(iii)(a)  to  the  Company's Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q 
(Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 24, 2008]

10(iii)(g)

Nonemployee Director Stock Option Form of Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)
(b) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 24, 
2008]

10(iii)(h)

Nonemployee Director Stock Option Form of Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 
to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 26, 2010]

Whirlpool  Corporation  2007  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  (effective  January  1,  2007)  (Z) 
[Incorporated by reference from Annex A to the Company's Proxy Statement (Commission file number 
1-3932) for the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders filed on March 12, 2007]

Omnibus Equity Plans 409A Amendment (effective December 19, 2008) (Z) [Incorporated by reference 
from Exhibit 10(iii)(n) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) 
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008]
 

 
10(iii)(k) Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 

10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 26, 2010]

10(iii)(i)

10(iii)(j)

10(iii)(l)

Whirlpool Corporation Amended and Restated 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan (Z) [Incorporated 
by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Commission file 
number 333-187948) filed on April 16, 2013]

10(iii)(m)

Form of Agreement for the Whirlpool Corporation Career Stock Grant Program (pursuant to one or more 
of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plans) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(q) 
to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 1995]

10(iii)(n)

Form  of  Amendment  to  Whirlpool  Corporation  Career  Stock  Grant  Agreement  (Z)  [Incorporated  by 
reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 
1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008]

10(iii)(o)

Form of Stock Option Grant Document for the Whirlpool Corporation Stock Option Program (pursuant to 
one or more of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plans)(Rev. 02/17/04) (Z) [Incorporated by 
reference from Exhibit 10(i) to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on January 
25, 2005]

10(iii)(p)

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (pursuant to one or more of Whirlpool's Omnibus Stock and 
Incentive Plans) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission 
file number 1-3932) filed on June 21, 2010]

10(iii)(q) Whirlpool  Corporation  2010  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award  (Z) 
[Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission file number 
1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011]

86

10(iii)(r)

Whirlpool  Corporation  2010  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  Strategic  Excellence  Program 
Performance Unit Award (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(b) to the Company's Form 
10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011]

10(iii)(s) Whirlpool  Corporation  2010  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  Strategic  Excellence  Program Stock 
Option  Grant  (Z)  [Incorporated  by  reference  from  Exhibit  10(iii)(c)  to  the  Company's  Form  10-Q 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011]

10(iii)(t)

Whirlpool Corporation 2010 Omnibus Stock and Incentive Plan Strategic Excellence Program Restricted 
Stock Unit  Award (Z)  [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit  10(iii)(d) to the  Company's Form 10-Q 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2011]

10(iii)(u) Whirlpool  Corporation  2010  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  Strategic  Excellence  Program Stock 
Option Grant Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Company's form 10-
Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter ended March 31, 2012]

10(iii)(v)

Whirlpool  Corporation  2010  Omnibus  Stock  and  Incentive  Plan  Strategic  Excellence  Program 
Performance Restricted Stock Unit / Performance Unit Grant Document (Z) [Incorporated by reference 
from Exhibit 10(iii)(b) to the Company's form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2012]

10(iii)(w)

Form of Compensation and Benefits Assurance Agreements (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 
10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on August 23, 2010]

10(iii)(x) Whirlpool  Corporation  Executive  Deferred Savings  Plan  (as  amended  effective  January  1,  1992)  (Z) 
[Incorporated  by  reference  from  Exhibit  10(iii)(n)  to  the  Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993]

10(iii)(y)

Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (as amended and restated, effective January 
1,  2009),  including  Supplement  A,  Whirlpool  Executive  Restoration  Plan  (as  amended  and  restated, 
effective January 1, 2009) (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(y) to the Company's Annual 
Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008]

10(iii)(z)

Amendment to the Whirlpool Corporation Executive Deferred Savings Plan II (dated December 21, 2009) 
(Z)  [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit  10(iii)(x)  to the  Company's Annual  Report  on  Form 10-K 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009]

10(iii)(aa) Whirlpool Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (Z) 
[Incorporated  by  reference  from  Exhibit  10(iii)(dd)  to  the  Company's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008]

10(iii)(bb) Whirlpool Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009) 
(Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)(ee) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008]

10(iii)(cc) Whirlpool Corporation Form of Indemnity Agreement (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to 

the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on February 23, 2006]

10(iii)(dd) Whirlpool Corporation Performance Excellence Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(iii)
(a) to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 1-3932) for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2014]

10(iii)(ee) Whirlpool Corporation 2014 Executive Performance Excellence Plan (Z) [Incorporated by reference from 

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) filed on April 17, 2014]

87

10(iii)(ff)

Agreement dated May 1, 2012 by and between Whirlpool Corporation and Mr. João Carlos Costa Brega 
(Z)  [Incorporated by  reference from Exhibit  10(iii)(ii)  to the  Company's Annual  Report  on  Form 10-K 
(Commission file number 1-3932) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015]

10(iii)(gg) Transition Agreement,  dated  June  22,  2016,  between  Whirlpool  Corporation and  Larry  M.  Venturelli. 
[Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission file number 1-3932) 
filed on June 24, 2016]

12

21

23

24

31.1

31.2

32

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges

List of Subsidiaries

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Power of Attorney

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

88

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly 
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION
(Registrant)
By:

 

/s/    JAMES W. PETERS

February 13, 2018

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by 

James W. Peters

the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Signature

Title

/s/    JEFF M. FETTIG

Jeff M. Fettig

/s/    MARC R. BITZER

Marc R. Bitzer

/s/    JAMES W. PETERS

James W. Peters

/s/    JOSEPH A. LOVECHIO

Joseph A. Lovechio
SAMUEL R. ALLEN*

Samuel R. Allen
GREG CREED*

Greg Creed

    GARY T. DICAMILLO*

Gary T. DiCamillo
DIANE M. DIETZ*
Diane M. Dietz

GERRI T. ELLIOTT*

Gerri T. Elliott

MICHAEL F. JOHNSTON*

Michael F. Johnston

    JOHN D. LIU*

John D. Liu

JAMES M. LOREE*
James M. Loree

HARISH MANWANI*

Harish Manwani

WILLIAM D. PEREZ*

William D. Perez

LARRY O. SPENCER*

Larry O. Spencer

MICHAEL D. WHITE*

Michael D. White

Director and Chairman of the Board

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

Vice President and Corporate Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

*By:

 
 

/s/    JAMES W. PETERS

James W. Peters

 
 

Attorney-in-Fact

 
 

February 13, 2018

89

REPORT BY MANAGEMENT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  management  of  Whirlpool  Corporation  has  prepared  the  accompanying  financial  statements.  The  financial 
statements have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, 
based upon their audits, expresses the opinion that these financial statements present fairly the consolidated financial 
position,  statements  of  income  and  cash  flows  of  Whirlpool  and  its  subsidiaries  in  accordance  with  accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States. Their audits are conducted in conformity with the auditing standards 
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 

The  financial  statements  were  prepared  from  the  Company's  accounting  records,  books  and  accounts  which,  in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect all material transactions. The Company maintains a system of internal 
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Company's books and records, and the Company's assets 
are  maintained  and  accounted  for, in  accordance  with  management's authorizations. The  Company's accounting 
records, compliance with policies and internal controls are regularly reviewed by an internal audit staff. 

The audit committee of the Board of Directors of the Company is composed of six independent directors who, in the 
opinion of the board, meet the relevant financial experience, literacy, and expertise requirements. The audit committee 
provides  independent  and  objective  oversight  of  the  Company's  accounting  functions  and  internal  controls  and 
monitors  (1) the  objectivity  of  the  Company's financial  statements,  (2) the  Company's compliance  with  legal  and 
regulatory requirements, (3) the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence, and 
(4) the performance of the Company's internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. In 
performing these functions, the committee has the responsibility to review and discuss the annual audited financial 
statements and quarterly financial statements and related reports with management and the independent registered 
public accounting firm, including the Company's disclosures under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations," to monitor the adequacy of financial disclosure. The committee also has the 
responsibility to retain and terminate the Company's independent registered public accounting firm and exercise the 
committee's sole authority to review and approve all audit engagement fees and terms and pre-approve the nature, 
extent, and cost of all non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

/s/   JAMES W. PETERS
James W. Peters
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
February 13, 2018

90

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The management of Whirlpool Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control 
over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a –  15(f) and 15d –  15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
Whirlpool's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to Whirlpool's management and board 
of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial 
statements. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems 
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and 
presentation. 

The management of Whirlpool assessed the effectiveness of Whirlpool's internal control over financial reporting as 
of  December 31,  2017.  In  making  this  assessment,  it  used  the  criteria  set  forth  by the  Committee  of  Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated  Framework (2013 Framework). 
Based on the assessment and those criteria, management believes that Whirlpool maintained effective internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017.

Whirlpool's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on its assessment of Whirlpool's 
internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 93.

/s/   MARC R. BITZER
Marc R. Bitzer
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 13, 2018

  
  
  
  

/s/   JAMES W. PETERS
James W. Peters
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
February 13, 2018

91

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements
We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Whirlpool  Corporation  (the  Company)  as  of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and 
financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In 
our  opinion,  the  financial  statements  present fairly, in  all  material  respects, the  consolidated  financial  position  at 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 13, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion 
thereon.

Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with 
the  PCAOB and  are required to be  independent  with  respect to the  Company  in  accordance with  the  U.S.  federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to 
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in 
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates 
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our 
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1927.

Chicago, Illinois
February 13, 2018

92

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
We have audited Whirlpool Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of  the  Treadway  Commission  (2013  framework)  (the  COSO  criteria).  In  our  opinion,  Whirlpool  Corporation  (the 
Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2017, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the related 
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the 
index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 13, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for 
its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in  the  accompanying 
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with 
the  PCAOB and  are required to be  independent  with  respect to the  Company  in  accordance with  the  U.S.  federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects.  

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on 
the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe 
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
February 13, 2018

93

SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Years Ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

(Millions of dollars)

COL. A

  

COL. B

 

COL. C

ADDITIONS

COL. D

COL. E

 

 

Description
Allowance for doubtful accounts
Year Ended December 31, 2017:
Year Ended December 31, 2016:
Year Ended December 31, 2015:
Deferred tax valuation allowance (2)
Year Ended December 31, 2017:
Year Ended December 31, 2016:
Year Ended December 31, 2015:

Balance at  
Beginning
of Period

Charged to Costs

and Expenses

Acquisition

Impact

$
$
$

$
$
$

185
160
154

150
286
308

73
57
5

(64)
(121)
(95)

—
—
24

—
—
—

Charged to  

Accounts / 

Other

Other

Deductions

(1)

Balance at 

End

of Period

—
—
—

—
—
—

(101) $
(32) $
(23) $

92 $
(15) $
73 $

157
185
160

178
150
286

(1) - With respect to allowance for doubtful accounts, the amounts represent accounts charged off, net of translation adjustments and transfers. 
Recoveries were nominal for 2017, 2016 and 2015.

(2) - For additional information about our deferred tax valuation allowances, refer to Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

94

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

EXHIBIT 12 - RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Year Ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

Earnings

Earnings before income taxes
Fixed charges

$

887 $ 1,114 $ 1,031 $
222

917
231
$ 1,109 $ 1,334 $ 1,256 $ 1,103 $ 1,148

881 $
222

220

225

Fixed charges

Portion of rents representative of the interest factor
Interest on indebtedness
Amortization of debt financing fees

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges

$

$

60 $
157
5

222 $
5.0

59 $
155
6

220 $
6.1

60 $
160
5

225 $
5.6

57 $
159
6

222 $
5.0

54
172
5
231
5.0

 

WHIRLPOOL CORPORATION 

List of Subsidiaries 

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiary and Name Under Which It Does Business
1900 Holdings Corporation
Aeradriatica S.p.A.
Airdun Limited
B. Blend Máquinas e Bebidas S.A.
BUD Comércio de Eletrodomésticos Ltda.
BWI Products Limited
Bauknecht AG
Bauknecht Hausgeräte GmbH
Bauknecht Limited
Beijing Embraco Snowflake Compressor Company Limited
Bill Page Orchestra, Inc.
Brasmotor S.A.
Brunson Place Properties, LLC
CNB Consultoria Ltda
Cannon Industries Ltd.
Centro de Desarrollo Tecnologico e Innóvación WHM, S. de R.L de C.V.
Comercial Acros Whirlpool, S. de R.L. de C.V.
Consumer Appliances Service Limited
Ealing Compania de Gestiones y Participaciones S.A.
Elera Delaware, Inc.
Elera Holdings Corporation
Embraco Europe S.r.l.
Embraco Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Embraco Mexico Servicios, S. de R.L. de C.V.
Embraco Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V.
Embraco North America, Inc.
Embraco RUS LLC
Embraco Slovakia S.r.o.
Everest Campus, LLC.
General Domestic Appliances Holdings Ltd
General Domestic Appliances International Ltd.
Guangdong Whirlpool Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd.
Haceb Whirlpool Industrias S.A.S.
Hefei Whirlpool Enterprise Management Service Co. Ltd.
Hoover Comercial Limitada
Indesit Argentina S.A.
Indesit Company Domestic Appliances Hellas Mepe
Indesit Company  Beyaz Esya Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S.
Indesit Company Beyaz Esya Pazarlama A.S.
Indesit Company Ceská S.r.o.
Indesit Company International Business S.A.
Indesit Company Luxembourg S.A.

Jurisdiction in Which Organized 
Delaware
Italy
UK
Brazil
Brazil
England
Switzerland
Germany
England
China
California
Brazil
Michigan
Brazil
UK
Mexico
Mexico
Hong Kong
Uruguay
Delaware
Delaware
Italy
Luxembourg
Mexico
Mexico
Delaware
Russia
Slovak Republic
Michigan
UK
UK
China
Colombia
China
Brazil
Argentina
Greece
Turkey
Turkey
Czech Republic
Switzerland
Luxembourg

Subsidiary and Name Under Which It Does Business
Indesit Company Magyarorszàg Kft
Indesit Company Nordics AB
Indesit Company Polska Sp. zo.o.
Indesit Company Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Indesit Company UK Holdings Ltd.
Indesit IP S.r.l.
Indesit Ireland Ltd.
Indesit Ukraine LLC
IRE Beteiligungs GmbH
Industrias Acros Whirlpool, S. de R.L. de C.V.
Jackson Appliances Ltd.
Joint-Stock Company Indesit International
KitchenAid Australia, Pty Ltd
KitchenAid Delaware, Inc.
KitchenAid Europa, Inc.
KitchenAid, Inc.
KitchenAid Global, Inc.
KitchenAid Promotions, LLC
KitchenAid Trading Co., Ltd.
LAWSA S.A.
MLOG Armazém Geral Ltda.
Maytag Limited
Maytag Properties, LLC
Maytag Sales, Inc.
Maytag Worldwide N.V.
Merloni Domestic Appliances Ltd.
Nineteen Hundred Corporation
Qingdao EECON Electronic Controls and Appliances Co., Ltd.
South American Sales Partnership
THC Assets Corporation
Up Points Serviços Empresariais S.A.
WCGP Nova Scotia Co.
Whirlpool (Australia) Pty. Limited
Whirlpool (B.V.I.) Limited
Whirlpool (China) Co., Ltd.
Whirlpool (China) Investment Co., Ltd.
Whirlpool (Hefei) Trading Co., Ltd
Whirlpool (Hong Kong) Limited
Whirlpool (Japan) Co., Ltd.
Whirlpool (Thailand) Limited
Whirlpool America Holdings Corp.
Whirlpool Argentina S.r.l.
Whirlpool ASEAN Co.
Whirlpool Asia B.V.
Whirlpool Asia Holdings S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Asia Inc.

Jurisdiction in Which Organized 
Hungary
Sweden
Poland
Singapore
UK
Italy
Ireland
Ukraine
Germany
Mexico
UK
Russia
Australia
Delaware
Delaware
Ohio
Delaware
Michigan
China
Argentina
Brazil
Ontario
Michigan
Delaware
Curaçao
UK
New York
China
Florida
Delaware
Brazil
Nova Scotia
Australia
Virgin Islands (British)
China
China
China
Hong Kong
Japan
Thailand
Delaware
Argentina
Delaware
Netherlands (The)
Luxembourg
Delaware

Subsidiary and Name Under Which It Does Business
Whirlpool Asia LLP
Whirlpool Belux N.V./S.A.
Whirlpool Bermuda Euro Ltd.
Whirlpool Bulgaria Ltd.
Whirlpool CIS Ltd.
Whirlpool CR, spol. s.r.o.
Whirlpool Canada Co. (post 9/1/05 amalgamation company)
Whirlpool Canada Holding Co. (post 4/18/06 amalgamation company)
Whirlpool Canada Investments S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Canada LP
Whirlpool Canada Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Chile Limitada
Whirlpool Colômbia S.A.S.
Whirlpool Comercial Ltda.
Whirlpool Croatia Ltd.
Whirlpool CSA Holdings S.à r.l.
Whirlpool do Brasil Investements B.V.
Whirlpool do Brasil Ltda.
Whirlpool Ecuador S.A.
Whirlpool Eesti OU
Whirlpool El Salvador, S.A. de C.V.
Whirlpool Electrodomésticos S.A.
Whirlpool Eletrodomésticos AM S.A.
Whirlpool EMEA S.p.A.
Whirlpool Enterprises, LLC
Whirlpool Europe B.V.
Whirlpool Europe Coordination Center
Whirlpool Europe Holdings Limited
Whirlpool Finance B.V.
Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Finance Overseas Ltd.
Whirlpool Financial Corporation
Whirlpool Financial Corporation International
Whirlpool Floor Care Corp.
Whirlpool France SAS
Whirlpool France Holdings SAS
Whirlpool Germany GmbH
Whirlpool Global B.V.
Whirlpool Global Investments B.V.
Whirlpool Greater China Inc.
Whirlpool Guatemala, S.A.
Whirlpool Hellas S.A.
Whirlpool Holdings Corporation
Whirlpool Home Appliances B.V.
Whirlpool Hungarian Trading Limited Liability Company
Whirlpool India Holdings Limited

Jurisdiction in Which Organized 
India
Belgium
Bermuda
Bulgaria
Russia
Czech Republic
Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia
Luxembourg
Ontario
Luxembourg
Chile
Colombia
Brazil
Croatia
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Brazil
Ecuador
Estonia
El Salvador
Spain
Brazil
Italy
Delaware
Netherlands (The)
Belgium
Delaware
Netherlands (The)
Luxembourg
Bermuda
Delaware
Delaware
Delaware
France
France
Germany
Netherlands (The)
Netherlands (The)
Delaware
Guatemala
Greece
Delaware
Netherlands (The)
Hungary
Delaware

Subsidiary and Name Under Which It Does Business
Whirlpool of India Limited
Whirlpool Insurance Company, Ltd.
Whirlpool Internacional S. de R.L. de C.V.
Whirlpool International GmbH
Whirlpool International Holdings S.à r.l.
Whirlpool International Manufacturing S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Ireland Limited
Whirlpool Italia Holdings S.r.l.
Whirlpool Italia S.r.l.
Whirlpool Japan Inc.
Whirlpool Kazakhstan LLP
 Whirlpool Latin America Corporation
Whirlpool Latvia S.I.A.
Whirlpool Lietuva UAB
Whirlpool Ltd Belgrade
Whirlpool Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Luxembourg Investments S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Luxembourg Ventures S.à r.l.
Whirlpool Management Services S.a.g.l.
Whirlpool Maroc S. à r.l.
Whirlpool Mauritius Limited
Whirlpool MEEA DMCC
Whirlpool Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.
Whirlpool Mexico Holdings LLC
Whirlpool Mexico Ventures LLC
Whirlpool Microwave Products Development Limited
Whirlpool NAAG Holdings Corporation
Whirlpool NAR Holdings, LLC
Whirlpool Nederland B.V.
Whirlpool Nordic A/S
Whirlpool Nordic AB
Whirlpool Nordic AS
Whirlpool Nordic OY
Whirlpool Oceania Inc.
Whirlpool Österreich GmbH
Whirlpool Overseas Holdings, LLC
Whirlpool Overseas Hong Kong Limited
Whirlpool Overseas Manufacturing S.ár.l.
Whirlpool Peru S.R.L.
Whirlpool Polska Appliances Sp. z o.o.
Whirlpool Polska Sp. z o.o.
Whirlpool Portugal, S.A.
Whirlpool Product Development (Shenzhen) Company Limited
Whirlpool Properties, Inc.
Whirlpool Puntana S.A.

Jurisdiction in Which Organized 
India
Bermuda
Mexico
Switzerland
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Ireland
Italy
Italy
Delaware
Kazakhstan
Delaware
Latvia
Lithuania
Serbia
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Switzerland
Morocco
Mauritius
United Arab Emirates
Mexico
Delaware
Delaware
Hong Kong
Delaware
Delaware
Netherlands (The)
Denmark
Sweden
Norway
Finland
Delaware
Austria
Delaware
Hong Kong
Luxembourg
Peru
Poland
Poland
Portugal
China
Michigan
Argentina

Subsidiary and Name Under Which It Does Business
Whirlpool R&D S.r.l.
Whirlpool Realty Corporation
Whirlpool Romania S.r.l.
Whirlpool RUS LLC
Whirlpool S.A.
Whirlpool SSC Limited
Whirlpool Slovakia spol. s.r.o.
Whirlpool Slovakia Home Appliances spol. s.r.o.
Whirlpool South Africa (Proprietary) Limited
Whirlpool Southeast Asia Pte
Whirlpool Sweden Aktiebolag
Whirlpool Taiwan Co., Ltd.
Whirlpool Technologies, LLC
Whirlpool UK Appliances Limited
Whirlpool UK Pension Scheme Trustee Limited
Whirlpool Ukraine LLC
Whirlpool WW Holdings B.V.
Xpelair Ltd.
Yummly Canada Ltd.
Yummly, Inc.

Jurisdiction in Which Organized 
Italy
Delaware
Romania
Russia
Brazil
Ireland
Slovak Republic
Slovak Republic
South Africa
Singapore
Sweden
Taiwan
Michigan
UK
England
Ukraine
Netherlands (The)
UK
British Columbia
Delaware

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation
33-34037
333-77167

333-125260
333-128686
333-143372

Registration Statement of Whirlpool Finance Luxembourg S.a.r.l
333-203704-1

Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation
pertaining to the Whirlpool Savings Plan
33-26680

33-53196

Registration Statements of Whirlpool Corporation
pertaining to the Whirlpool 401(k) Retirement Plan
333-138711
333-66163

333-150942
333-157392
333-166484
333-181339
333-187948
333-203704

 

333-179695

Registration Statement of Whirlpool Corporation
pertaining to the Maytag Corporation Salary Savings Plan, Maytag Corporation Deferred
Compensation Plan and Maytag Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan II
333-132875

Registration Statements of Maytag Corporation
pertaining to the Maytag Corporation Deferred Compensation and Salary Savings Plans
333-102002

333-101995

333-121368

of our reports dated February 13, 2018, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Whirlpool 
Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Whirlpool Corporation, included in this 
Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

/s/      Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois
February 13, 2018 

 Exhibit 24

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW  ALL  MEN  BY THESE  PRESENTS,  that  each  of  the  undersigned,  being  a  director  or  officer, or  both,  of  WHIRLPOOL 
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (hereinafter called the "Corporation"), does hereby constitute and appoint MARC R. BITZER and 
JAMES W. PETERS, with full power to each of them to act alone, as the true and lawful attorneys and agents of the undersigned, with 
full power of substitution and resubstitution to each of said attorneys, to execute, file or deliver any and all instruments and to do all 
acts and things which said attorneys and agents, or any of them, deem advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any requirements of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission in respect thereof, in connection with the filing under said Securities Exchange Act of the Corporation's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, including specifically, but without limitation of the general authority hereby granted, 
the power and authority to sign his name as a director or officer, or both, of the Corporation, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any 
amendment, post-effective amendment, or papers supplemental thereto to be filed in respect of said Annual Report on Form 10-K; and 
each of the undersigned does hereby fully ratify and confirm all that said attorneys and agents, or any of them, or the substitute of any 
of them, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has subscribed these presents, as of the 13th day of February, 2018. 

Signature

/s/    JEFF M. FETTIG

Jeff M. Fettig

/s/    MARC R. BITZER

Marc R. Bitzer

/s/    JAMES W. PETERS

James W. Peters

/s/    JOSEPH A. LOVECHIO

Joseph A. Lovechio

/s/    SAMUEL R. ALLEN

Samuel R. Allen
/s/   GREG CREED

Greg Creed

/s/    GARY T. DICAMILLO

Gary T. DiCamillo

/s/    DIANE M. DIETZ

Diane M. Dietz

/s/    GERRI T. ELLIOTT

Gerri T. Elliott

/s/    MICHAEL F. JOHNSTON

Michael F. Johnston
/s/    JOHN D. LIU

John D. Liu

/s/    JAMES M. LOREE

James M. Loree

/s/    HARISH MANWANI

Harish Manwani

/s/    WILLIAM D. PEREZ

William D. Perez

/s/    LARRY O. SPENCER

Larry O. Spencer

/s/    MICHAEL D. WHITE

Michael D. White

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

Title

Director and Chairman of the Board

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
Vice President and Corporate Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Marc R. Bitzer, certify that: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary  to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, 
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The  registrant's other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or  caused  such  disclosure  controls  and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the 
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, 
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in 
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of 
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the 
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the 
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board 
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

(b) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any  fraud,  whether  or  not  material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a 
significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 13, 2018

/s/ MARC R. BITZER
Name
Marc R. Bitzer
:
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James W. Peters, certify that: 

1. 

2. 

3. 

4. 

I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of Whirlpool Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary  to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, 
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The  registrant's other  certifying  officer  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  or  caused  such  disclosure  controls  and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the 
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, 
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting  to  be  designed  under  our  supervision,  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in 
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of 
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the 
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the 
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board 
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 

(b) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any  fraud,  whether  or  not  material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a 
significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: February 13, 2018

/s/ JAMES W. PETERS
Name
:
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

James W. Peters

Exhibit 32.1

Certifications Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In  connection  with  the  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  of  Whirlpool  Corporation  ("Whirlpool")  for  the  year  ended 
December 31, 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Marc R. 
Bitzer, as Chief Executive Officer of Whirlpool, and James W. Peters, as Chief Financial Officer of Whirlpool, each hereby 
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 
that, to his knowledge: 

1. 

2. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934; and

The information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations of Whirlpool.

/s/ MARC R. BITZER
Name: Marc R. Bitzer
Title:
Date:

President and Chief Executive Officer
February 13, 2018

/s/ JAMES W. PETERS
Name:
Title:

James W. Peters
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
February 13, 2018

Date:

OUR GLOBAL PRESENCE

  
Net Sales
$21B  

Products  
Sold
72M  

Employees
92K  

Manufacturing  
Locations
43 

Sales By Reportable Segment 

54%

23%

North America

Europe, Middle East, 
Africa

16%

Latin America

7%

Asia

Sales By Product Category 

28%

Laundry

19%

Cooking 
Appliances

29%

Refrigerators 
& Freezers

24%

Other

Stockholder and Other Information
Whirlpool Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other financial information, is available free of charge to stockholders.

The Financial Summary contained in this 
Annual Report should be read together  
with Whirlpool Corporation’s Financial 
Statements and related notes, and 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis.” 
This information appears in the company’s 
2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
which is available on the company’s  
website at Investors.WhirlpoolCorp.com.

The Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
company earnings releases for each 
quarter — typically issued in April, July, 
October and February — can be obtained  
by contacting:

Max Tunnicliff  
Senior Director, Investor Relations 
Whirlpool Corporation 
2000 N. M-63, Mail Drop 2609 
Benton Harbor, MI 49022-2692 
Telephone: 269-923-2641 
Fax: 269-923-3525 
Email: investor_relations@whirlpool.com

Stock Exchanges
Common stock of Whirlpool Corporation 
(exchange symbol: WHR) is listed on the 
New York and Chicago stock exchanges.

Trademarks
Bauknecht, Brastemp, Consul, Design of the 
stand mixer, Hotpoint,* Indesit, KitchenAid, 
Maytag, Whirlpool, and Yummly are trademarks 
of Whirlpool Corporation or its wholly or 
majority-owned affiliates.

Board of Directors
Samuel R. Allen † (3,4) 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,  
Deere & Company
Marc R. Bitzer 
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Whirlpool Corporation
Greg Creed(2,4) 
Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands, Inc.
Gary T. DiCamillo(1,2) 
President and Chief Executive Officer,  
Universal Trailer Corporation
Diane M. Dietz(3,4) 
President and Chief Executive Officer,  
Rodan & Fields, LLC

Executive Committee
Marc R. Bitzer 
President and Chief Executive Officer
Esther Berrozpe Galindo 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool Europe, Middle East and Africa
David A. Binkley 
Senior Vice President,  
Global Human Resources

Gerri T. Elliott(1,2) 
Former Executive Vice President & Strategic 
Advisor, Juniper Networks, Inc.
Jeff M. Fettig 
Chairman of the Board and Former  
Chief Executive Officer, Whirlpool Corporation
Michael F. Johnston(1,4) 
Former Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer, Visteon Corporation
James M. Loree(1,3) 
President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
John D. Liu(1,2) 
Managing Partner, Richmond Hill 
Investments, and Chief Executive Officer, 
Essex Equity Management

Harish Manwani(3,4) 
Global Executive Advisor,  
Blackstone Private Equity
WIlliam D. Perez(2,4) 
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
WM. Wrigley Jr. Company
Larry O. Spencer(2,3) 
President, Air Force Association
Michael D. White(1,3) 
Former Chairman, President and  
Chief Executive Officer, DIRECTV
(1)  Audit Committee
(2)  Finance Committee
(3)  Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
(4)  Human Resources Committee
  †   Presiding Director

João C. Brega 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool Latin America
Kirsten J. Hewitt 
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs  
and General Counsel
Joseph T. Liotine 
Executive Vice President and President, 
Whirlpool North America

James W. Peters 
Executive Vice President and  
Chief Financial Officer
Shengpo (Samuel) Wu 
President, Whirlpool Asia

Footnotes
(a)   Pages 2, 8, Based on most recently available publicly reported annual 

revenues.

(b)   Pages 2, 5, Based on AHAM, Traqline and Internal Research for the full-year 2016.
(c)   Pages 2, 14, 17, Amazon, Boys and Girls Clubs of America, Google, Habitat 
for Humanity International, Honeywell, IBM, Instituto Consulado da Mulher, 
International Red Cross, United Way and certain other trademarks are owned 
by their respective companies.

(d)   Page 3, See page 18 of this Annual Report for reconciliation.
(e)   Page 3, See Form 10-K for reconciliation.

© 2018 Whirlpool Corporation. All rights reserved.

(f) 

* 

 Page 5, Bauknecht, Brastemp, Consul, Design of the stand mixer, Hotpoint*, 
Indesit, KitchenAid, Maytag, Whirlpool, and Yummly are trademarks of 
Whirlpool Corporation of its wholly or majority-owned affiliates.
 Page 5 and Back Cover, Whirlpool Corporation ownership of the Hotpoint brand 
in EMEA and Asia Pacific regions is not affiliated with the Hotpoint brand sold  
in the Americas.

(g)   Page 11, Appliance must be set to remote enable. WiFi & App required.  

Features subject to change. For details and privacy statement, visit  
whirlpool.com/connect.

W
h
i
r
l
p
o
o

l
 

C
o
r
p
o
r
a
t
i
o
n

 

2017 ANNUAL REPORT

*

Please visit our online Annual Report at WhirlpoolCorp.com/2017Annual

 

2
0
1
7
A
n
n
u
a

l
 

R
e
p
o
r
t

