2017
ANNUAL
 REPORT

The trusted global network 
enabling energy solutions 
and global commerce.

819836Outside Covs.indd   2

4/2/18   9:18 AM

The trusted global network 
enabling energy solutions 
and global commerce.

We solve energy challenges. 
With our reliable supply, 
global logistics, and innovative 
technology solutions, 
we deliver when and where it 
matters most.

TRANSPORT. 
SECURITY. 
DISTRIBUTION.

5M+

Transactions
per Year

1M+

Barrels 
per Day

200 Countries and

Territories

819836ins.indd   1

4/2/18   9:17 AM

PROCUREMENT. 
RISK. 
CONSULTING.

CARDS. 
NETWORKS. 
PROCESSING.

5K+ Global

Professionals

150 Global

Offices

5.7K Service

+

Locations

819836ins.indd   2

3/20/18   1:09 PM

To our 
valued shareholders

A message from 
Chairman & Chief Executive Of(cid:31)cer, Michael J. Kasbar

In  2017,  we  faced  signi(cid:31)cant  challenges:  shifting  supply  markets, 
oversupply, and Mother Nature – but we faced them head on as one 
team. 

Our  customers  and  communities  in  Houston,  South  Florida,  Mexico 
City and Puerto Rico were affected by natural disasters.  Our ability to 
stand-up operations in such adverse conditions provided uninterrupt-
ed energy management services to our customers, law enforcement 
and rescue operations. We were (cid:31)rst on the ground in Puerto Rico to 
get fueling operations up and running for customers who lost almost 
everything. And we drove tankers through the night from as far away 
as Kansas and Virginia to Florida to address shortages and help keep 
emergency crews supplied.

It comes as no surprise to me that we rallied together to support our 
team members and customers when they needed us most. It’s what 
we do here. It represents the most treasured attribute of our culture: 
our commitment. That commitment is top of mind for me as I think 
about  our  future.  The  commitment  we  make  every  day  to  our 
employees, our suppliers, and especially our customers.  

The  world  is  changing  and  we  are  evolving  to  change  with  it.  Our 
company  is  in  an  important  period  as  we  transition  to  an  energy 
management and solutions company.  We are digitizing our markets 
and changing the way business is done by bringing customer-facing 
technology,  ensuring  more  convenient  options  for  customers  to 
procure, optimize, and secure their energy needs. 

Internally, technology is bringing ef(cid:31)ciency and innovation to our back 
and middle of(cid:31)ce – moving towards no touch processes such as order 
to cash or procure to pay, and increasing the speed of integration. 

We are moving forward with smart cost-reduction measures across 
the  board  as  part  of  a  continuous  cost  management  culture.  Our 
teams  are  taking  a  disciplined  approach  to  sharpen  our  business 
portfolio and driving aggressive organic growth, complemented with 
selective, strategic acquisitions. We will continue to focus on simpli(cid:31)-
cation,  standardization,  and  automation  of  process  and  systems  to 
uniquely  adapt  to  the  energy  and  business  climate  of  today  and 
tomorrow. 

In terms of performance, 2017 was a year of ups and downs. While 
global  oil  prices  and  oversupply  made  conditions  challenging,  we 
remain con(cid:31)dent in our strategically diversi(cid:31)ed business model as we 
transform our organization. 

• Aviation performed very well with incremental growth in both the
commercial  and  general  aviation  spaces.  The  aviation  segment  has 
seen consistent organic growth in our core resale operations as well 
as government-related activity. In addition, we are just beginning to 
see positive results from our most recent acquisition and expect to 
see more in the future.

• Our Land business was impacted by natural events in 2017 but we
remain optimistic about our prospects over the next 24 months as we 
re(cid:31)ne our operations and economic activity increases. In the U.S., we 
are  focused  on  building  domestic  networks  to  support  our
commercial, industrial and wholesale distribution lines of business. 

• Our Kinect Energy Group expanded into Asia, Australia, and South
America demonstrating our ability to leverage our global platform for 
natural gas and power energy management and ful(cid:31)llment as well as 
facilitating sustainability and reporting. 

• Multi-Service  Technology  Solutions  (MSTS)  continued  to  grow  its
customer  base  and  geography  within  the  specialized  B2B  (cid:31)ntech 
spaces of retail, transportation, manufacturing, and e-commerce. 

• In our Marine segment, we reduced costs in line with current market 
conditions and maintained our leading position with our superior global 
network. We are a valuable and versatile supply partner enabling our 
customers to be compliant in a cost-effective manner.  We are well 
prepared  to  support  our  customers  with  distillates,  compliant  fuels, 
LNG,  and  high  sulfur  fuel  for  ships  with  scrubbers  to  satisfy  the 
upcoming 2020 IMO regulations. 

Looking ahead, we remain optimistic; building on our position as an 
experienced  business  partner.  The  energy  diet  of  our  customers  is 
changing as regulatory environments evolve and innovations in energy 
sources continue to develop. We are positioning ourselves in these 
new and emerging energy markets around the world with a focus on 
value-added  services  and  alternatives  to  traditional  liquid  fuels. 
Services like payment processing, energy consulting and technology 
demonstrate our commitment to help our customers more holistically, 
not just with fuel, gas and power supply. Our commitment is to adapt 
right alongside our business partners as we all face this new energy 
world. 

While  it  may  be  a  cliché  to  say  “someone  has  your  back,”  it  is  my 
hope  that  every  one  of  our  customers,  suppliers,  and  business 
partners knows that we have theirs. To our shareholders in particular, 
we are grateful for your continued support of our vision to become the 
world’s  leading  energy  management,  ful(cid:31)llment,  and  payments 
business.  We  are  proud  to  be  the  trusted  network  enabling  energy 
solutions and global commerce.

Chairman & Chief Executive Of(cid:31)cer

819836ins.indd   3

4/2/18   9:12 AM

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, DC 20549
FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017
OR

For the transition period from      to     
COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-9533

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Florida
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
9800 Northwest 41st Street
Miami, Florida
(Address of principal executive offices)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (305) 428-8000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class:
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

59-2459427
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
33178
(Zip Code)

Name of each exchange on which registered:
New York Stock Exchange

 No 

 No 
 No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such 
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every 
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not 
be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III 
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller 
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of 
the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
As of June 30, 2017, the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and 
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the market price at which the common equity was last 
sold was $2,586,431,684.
As of February 7, 2018, the registrant had approximately 67,644,036 shares of outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per 
share.

 Smaller Reporting Company 

  Non-Accelerated filer 

 Accelerated filer 

 No 

 No 

Documents incorporated by reference:
Part III - Specified Portions of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Business

PART I.
Item 1.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2. 
Item 3.
Item 4.
PART II. 
Item 5.

Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
of Equity Securities
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Item 6.
Item 7.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Item 9B. Other Information
PART III.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 

Shareholder Matters

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
PART IV.
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary
SIGNATURES

Page

1
5
20
21
23
23

24
27
28
42
43
43
43
44

45
45

45
45
45

46
91

 

PART I

Item 1. Business

Overview
World  Fuel  Services  Corporation  (the  “Company”)  was  incorporated  in  Florida  in  July  1984  and  along  with  its 
consolidated subsidiaries is referred to collectively in this Annual Report on Form 10 K (“2017 10 K Report”) as “World 
Fuel,” “we,” “our” and “us.”

We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and 
services in the aviation, marine and land transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our product and 
service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment with respect to natural gas and power and 
transaction and payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers. Our intention is to become 
a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment 
services and technology solutions across the energy product spectrum. We also seek to become a leading transaction 
and payment management company, offering payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers, 
principally in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries.

We have offices throughout the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions, including, but not limited to: Brazil, 
Costa Rica, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) and the United States (“U.S.”). See “Item 2 – Properties” 
for a list of principal offices by business segment and “Exhibit 21.1 – Subsidiaries of the Registrant” included in this 
2017 10 K Report for a list of our subsidiaries.

As of February 7, 2018, we employed more than 5,000 employees globally. Our principal executive office is located 
at 9800 Northwest 41st Street, Miami, Florida 33178 and our telephone number at this address is 305 428 8000. Our 
internet  address  is  http://www.wfscorp.com  and  the  investor  relations  section  of  our  website  is  located  at  http://
ir.wfscorp.com. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor relations section of our website, our 
Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, Proxy Statements 
and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of  1934,  as  amended  (the  “Exchange Act”)  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (“SEC”)  as  soon  as 
reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also posted on our 
website  are  our  Code  of  Conduct (“Code  of  Conduct”),  Board  of  Directors’  committee  charters  and  Corporate 
Governance Principles. Our internet website and information contained on our internet website are not part of this 
2017 10 K Report and are not incorporated by reference in this 2017 10 K Report.

Segments
We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. During each of the years presented 
on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, none of our aviation, land or marine customers 
accounted for more than 10% of any segment or total consolidated revenue. Financial information with respect to our 
business segments and the geographic areas of our business is provided below and within Note 13 to the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements included in this 2017 10-K Report.

Aviation Segment
We provide global aviation fuel supply and comprehensive service solutions to major commercial airlines, second 
and third-tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low-cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, 
fractional operators and private aircraft. Our aviation related service offerings include fuel management, price risk 
management, ground handling, 24/7 global dispatch services, and international trip planning services, including 
flight plans, weather reports and overflight permits. We also supply products and services to U.S. and foreign 
government, intergovernmental and military customers, such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). In addition, we offer card payment solutions and related processing services 
and technology. 

Because fuel is a major component of an aircraft’s operating costs, our customers require cost effective and professional 
fuel services. We have developed an extensive network, consisting of on-airport fueling operations and third party 
suppliers and service providers that enables us to provide aviation fuel and related services throughout the world. We 
believe the breadth of our service offering combined with our global supplier network is a strategic differentiator that 
allows customers to secure fuel and high quality services in locations worldwide on short notice.

1

We purchase our aviation fuel from suppliers worldwide, which may be delivered into our customers’ aircraft or to a 
designated storage facility located at one of our locations or our suppliers’ locations pursuant to arrangements with 
them. Inventory is purchased at airport locations or shipped via pipelines and held at multiple locations for strategic 
reasons. We engage in contract sales, which are sales made pursuant to fuel purchase contracts with customers who 
commit to purchasing fuel from us over the contract term. We also conduct spot sales, which are sales that do not 
involve continuing contractual obligations by our customers to purchase fuel from us. Our cost of fuel is generally tied 
to market based formulas or government-controlled prices.

Land Segment
In our land segment, we primarily offer fuel, heating oil, propane, natural gas, lubricants and related products and 
services to petroleum distributors operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, 
commercial, residential and government customers. Our land related services include management services for the 
procurement of fuel and price risk management. We primarily conduct these activities throughout most of the U.S. as 
well as parts of the U.K. and Brazil. We also offer advisory and fulfillment solutions with respect to power, natural gas 
and other energy products through Kinect, our global energy management solutions business, with offices in the U.S, 
Australia and throughout Western Europe. In addition, we offer transaction management services, which include card 
payment solutions, government payment systems for global fuel procurement, merchant processing services, payment 
solutions for tolls across Europe, and commercial payment programs.

In connection with our fuel marketing activities, we distribute fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded 
distributors, convenience stores and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties. We also distribute heating oil and 
propane to residential customers and unbranded fuel to numerous other customers, including commercial and industrial 
customers, such as manufacturing, mining, agriculture, construction, and oil and gas exploration companies, who buy 
fuel in bulk and do not generally enter into exclusive contractual relationships with us, if they enter into a contractual 
relationship with us at all. In certain instances, we serve as a reseller, where we purchase fuel from a supplier and 
contemporaneously resell it to our customers through spot and contract sales. We also maintain inventory in certain 
strategic locations, including pipelines. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to market based formulas.

Finally, we provide transportation logistics for our product deliveries, including arranging for fuel products to be delivered 
from storage terminals to the appropriate sites through our own fleet of trucks as well as third-party transportation 
providers. The fuel is generally delivered to our customers directly or to a designated tanker truck loading terminal 
commonly referred to as “racks,” which are owned and operated by our suppliers or other third parties.

Marine Segment
Through our extensive network, we market fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad base of marine 
customers,  including  international  container  and  tanker  fleets,  commercial  cruise  lines,  yachts  and  time-charter 
operators, U.S. and foreign governments, as well as other fuel suppliers. We provide our customers with real time 
global market intelligence and rapid access to quality, and competitively priced, marine fuel 24 hours a day, every day 
of the year. Our marine fuel-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel, cost control 
through the use of price risk management offerings, quality control, claims management, and card payment solutions 
and related processing services. 

We serve primarily as a reseller, where we take delivery for fuel purchased from our supplier at the same place and 
time as the fuel is sold to our customer. We also sell fuel from our inventory, which we maintain in storage facilities 
that we own or lease. In certain cases, we serve as a broker and are paid a commission for negotiating the fuel purchase 
transaction between the supplier and the end user, as well as for expediting delivery of the fuel.  

The majority of our marine segment activity consists of spot sales. Our cost of fuel is generally tied to spot pricing, 
market based formulas, or government-controlled prices. We also contract with third parties to provide various services 
for our customers, including fueling of vessels in ports and at sea, and transportation and delivery of fuel and fuel-
related products.

2

Competitors
We operate globally across industries that are highly fragmented with numerous competitors. Our competitors range 
in size and complexity from large multinational corporations, principally major oil producers, which have significantly 
greater capital resources than us, to relatively small and specialized firms. In our fuel distribution activities, we compete 
with major oil producers that market fuel directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and petroleum 
distributors operating in the land transportation market as well as fuel resellers. We compete, among other things, on 
the basis of service, convenience, reliability, availability of trade credit and price. We believe that our extensive market 
knowledge, worldwide footprint, logistics expertise and support, the use of price risk management offerings, and value-
added benefits, including single-supplier convenience, fuel quality control and fuel procurement outsourcing, give us 
the ability to compete within those markets.

Seasonality
Our operating results are subject to seasonal variability. Our seasonality results from numerous factors, including 
traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and aviation and land fuel 
during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns.  As such, our results of operations may fluctuate 
from period to period. 

Regulation
Our business activities are subject to substantial regulation by federal, state and local government agencies, inside 
and outside of the U.S., which enforce laws and regulations governing the transportation, sale, storage and disposal 
of fuel and the collection, transportation, processing, storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, 
including waste oil and petroleum products. For example, U.S. federal and state environmental laws applicable to us 
include statutes that: (i) allocate the cost of remedying contamination among specifically identified parties and prevent 
future contamination; (ii) impose national ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants 
that present a risk to public health or welfare; (iii) govern the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous 
wastes; and (iv) regulate the discharge of pollutants into waterways. International treaties also prohibit the discharge 
of petroleum products at sea. The penalties for violations of environmental laws include injunctive relief, recovery of 
damages for injury to air, water or property, and fines for non compliance. See “Item 1A – Risk Factors,” and “Item 3 – 
Legal Proceedings.”

We may also be affected by new environmental laws and regulations that will apply to us or our customers in the future, 
some of which could increase the cost or reduce the demand for our products and services. For example, due to 
concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, 
regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency has adopted rules requiring the reporting of GHG emissions by petroleum product suppliers and facilities 
meeting certain annual emissions thresholds and regulating emissions from major sources of GHGs under the Clean 
Air Act. In other countries, proposed regulations include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive 
permitting, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Although the ultimate 
impact of these or other future measures is difficult to accurately predict, they could make our products more expensive 
or reduce demand for petroleum products, as well as shift demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources. This, in 
turn, could affect our operations, earnings and competitive position.

Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements made in this report and the information incorporated by reference in it, or made by us in other 
reports, filings with the SEC, press releases, teleconferences, industry conferences or otherwise, are “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements 
include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or 
achievements, and may contain the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” “could,” “would,” “will,” 
“will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” “plan,” or words or phrases of similar meaning.

Forward-looking statements are estimates and projections reflecting our best judgment and involve risks, uncertainties 
or other factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of 
which  are  beyond  our  control.  Our  actual  results  may  differ  materially  from  the  future  results,  performance  or 
achievements  expressed  or  implied  by  the  forward-looking  statements.  These  statements  are  based  on  our 
management’s expectations, beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us, which in turn are based 
on currently available information.

Examples of forward-looking statements in this 2017 10-K Report include, but are not limited to, our expectations about 
the conditions in the aviation, land, and marine markets, the timing and impact of our cost reduction initiatives and 

3

restructuring activities, our expectations regarding government-related activity and the related profit contribution, our 
expectations about the financial and operational impact of acquisitions on our aviation and land segments, the timing 
and  benefits  of  our  multi-year  project  and  upgrade  of  our  Enterprise  Resource  Planning  (“ERP”)  platform,  our 
expectations about oversupplied market conditions in the U.S, our ability to drive greater leverage and ratability in our 
land operating model, our ability to divest or exit certain businesses, our ability to improve cost competitiveness, gain 
structural efficiencies and rationalize our operating model, our ability to implement a single common technology platform 
for our land segment, as well as our business strategy, business prospects, operating results, methods of competition, 
the impact of the Tax Act, effectiveness of internal controls to manage risk, working capital, liquidity, capital expenditure 
requirements and adequacy of funding to meet such capital expenditures and working capital requirements and future 
acquisitions. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by cautionary statements and risk factor 
disclosures  contained  in  our  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  filings.  Important  assumptions  relating  to  the 
forward-looking statements include, among others, assumptions regarding our ability to effectively leverage technology 
and operating systems and realize the anticipated benefits,  our ability to successfully execute and achieve efficiencies 
and other benefits related to our transformation initiatives and address market conditions, our ability to effectively 
integrate and derive benefits from acquisitions, our ability to capitalize on new market opportunities, the demand for 
our  products,  the  cost,  terms  and  availability  of  fuel  from  suppliers,  pricing  levels,  the  timing  and  cost  of  capital 
expenditures, outcome of pending litigation, competitive conditions, general economic conditions and synergies relating 
to acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances. These assumptions could prove inaccurate. Although we believe that the 
estimates and projections reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our expectations may prove to 
be incorrect.

Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied 
by such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:

•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

•
•
•

customer and counterparty creditworthiness and our ability to collect accounts receivable and settle derivative
contracts;
extended periods of low oil prices and limited market volatility;
changes in the political, economic or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate;
our failure to effectively hedge certain financial risks and the use of derivatives;
non-performance by counterparties or customers to derivative contracts;
changes in credit terms extended to us from our suppliers;
non-performance of suppliers on their sale commitments and customers on their purchase commitments;
loss of, or reduced sales to a significant government customer;
sudden changes in the market price of fuel;
non-performance of third-party service providers;
adverse conditions in the industries in which our customers operate;
our ability to meet financial forecasts associated with our operating plan;
lower than expected valuations associated with our cash flows and revenues, which could impair our ability
to realize the value of recorded intangible assets and goodwill;
the impact of cyber and other information security-related incidents;
currency exchange fluctuations;
currency and other global market impacts associated with the U.K. referendum vote to exit from the European
Union;
failure of fuel and other products we sell to meet specifications;
our ability to manage growth;
our ability to effectively integrate and derive benefits from acquired businesses;
our ability to achieve the expected level of benefit from our restructuring activities and cost reduction initiatives;
our ability to successfully manage the implementation of an upgrade to our ERP platform;
our ability to effectively compete in our markets;

•
•
•
•
•
•
• material disruptions in the availability or supply of fuel;
•
•
•

environmental and other risks associated with the storage, transportation and delivery of petroleum products;
risks associated with operating in high risk locations;
uninsured losses;

4

•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•

•

•
•
•
•
•

our ability to realize the benefit of any cost savings;
the impact of natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes;
seasonal variability that adversely affects our revenues and operating results;
our failure to comply with restrictions and covenants in our senior revolving credit facility (“Credit Facility”) and
our senior term loans (“Term Loans”);
declines in the value and liquidity of cash equivalents and investments;
our ability to retain and attract senior management and other key employees;
changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws (including the Tax Act), interpretations of such laws, or changes in the mix
of taxable income among different tax jurisdictions;
our failure to generate sufficient future taxable income in jurisdictions with material deferred tax assets and
net operating loss carryforwards;
our ability to comply with U.S. and international laws and regulations including those related to anti-corruption,
economic sanction programs and environmental matters;
increased levels of competition;
the outcome of litigation and other proceedings, including the costs associated in defending any actions;
the liquidity and solvency of banks within our Credit Facility and Term Loans;
increases in interest rates; and
other risks, including those described in “Item 1A - Risk Factors” and those described from time to time in our
other filings with the SEC.

We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not 
possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the 
extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement. The forward-looking statements in this 2017 10-K Report are based on assumptions management believes 
are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place 
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they 
are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of 
them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this 
report that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this 2017 10-K Report 
will be deemed to modify or supersede such forward-looking statements.

For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

We extend credit to most of our customers in connection with their purchase of fuel and services from us, 
and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be adversely affected if we 
are unable to collect accounts receivable.
Our success in attracting customers has been due, in part, to our willingness to extend credit on an unsecured basis 
to customers as opposed to requiring prepayment, letters of credit or other forms of credit support. Even in cases 
where we do obtain credit enhancements, such as guarantees, offset rights, collateral or other forms of security, such 
rights may not be sufficient or fully collectible depending on the circumstances of the customer at the time of default. 
While no single customer represents more than 10% of our total consolidated revenue, diversification of credit risk is 
limited to the aviation, marine and land transportation industries within which we primarily do business.  

Our exposure to credit losses will depend on the financial condition of our customers and other macroeconomic factors 
beyond our control, such as deteriorating conditions in the world economy or in the industries we serve, changes in 
oil prices and political instability. While we actively manage our credit exposure and work to respond to both changes 
in  our  customers’  financial  conditions  or  macroeconomic  events,  there  can  be  no  guarantee  we  will  be  able  to 
successfully mitigate all of these risks. Substantial credit losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

5

Our  business  is  dependent  on  our  ability  to  adequately  finance  our  capital  requirements  and  fund  our 
investments, which, if not available to us, would impact our ability to conduct our operations.
We rely on credit arrangements with banks, suppliers and other parties as an important source of liquidity for capital 
requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow. Future market volatility, generally, and persistent weakness in 
global energy markets may adversely affect our ability to access capital and credit markets or to obtain funds at low 
interest rates or on other advantageous terms.  If we are unable to obtain credit as and when we need it on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all, such as in the event there is a substantial tightening of the global credit markets or a 
substantial increase in interest rates, it could have a negative impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition, and 
cash flows, as well as our future development and growth. Furthermore, our business is impacted by the availability 
of trade credit to fund fuel purchases and an actual or perceived decline in our liquidity or operations could cause our 
suppliers to seek credit support in the form of additional collateral, limit the extension of trade credit, or otherwise 
materially modify their payment terms. Adverse changes in our payment terms from principal suppliers, including 
shortened payment cycles, decreased credit lines or requiring prepayment could impact our liquidity, business, results 
of operations and cash flows.

Finally, if we are unable to obtain debt or other forms of financing and instead raise capital through an equity issuance, 
existing shareholders would be diluted. Even if we are able to obtain financing, the restrictions our creditors may place 
on our operations or our increased interest expense and leverage could limit our ability to grow.

Sales to government customers involve unique risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business 
and results of operations.
In  addition  to  normal  business  risks,  our  supply  of  products  and  services  to  U.S.  and  foreign  government, 
intergovernmental and military customers (“government customers”) subjects us to unique risks, many of which are 
beyond our control.  These risks include:

•

•

•
•

•

Dependence on government spending on defense programs, which can be negatively affected by budgetary
constraints, changes in defense spending policies, government shutdowns and changes in military policies or
priorities;
Contract awards that are typically made through a competitive bidding process, which can involve substantial
costs and managerial time to prepare and submit bids for contracts that may not be awarded to us;
Expense and delays that may arise if our competitors protest or challenge contract awards made to us;
Contracts for indefinite delivery, such that there are no guarantees on the quantity the government will buy or
when it will buy from us; and
The ability for government customers to unilaterally modify certain terms and conditions in existing contracts
or terminate existing contracts for their convenience.

Furthermore, government customer contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other 
complex  requirements,  which  affect  how  we  transact  business  with  our  government  customers  and  can  impose 
additional costs on our business operations. Numerous laws and regulations affect our U.S. government contracts, 
including  the  Federal  Acquisition  Regulation,  which  governs  the  formation,  administration  and  performance  of 
government contracts, and the federal False Claims Act, which provides for substantial criminal and civil penalties and 
treble damages where a contractor presents a false or fraudulent claim to the U.S. government for payment. Similar 
laws and regulations also may apply to our contracts with foreign government and intergovernmental agency customers.

Government customers routinely audit government contractors to review contract performance, cost structure and 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and compliance with internal 
control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated may not be reimbursable, 
and to the extent already reimbursed, may need to be refunded and could subject us to a variety of government claims. 
Also, any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in payments being withheld, penalties and reduced 
future business. Improper or illegal activities, including those caused by our subcontractors, could subject us to civil 
or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of 
payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with government agencies, any of which could materially 
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.

6

A material portion of our profitability is derived from our government business, and the loss or material 
reduction in business from our government customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of 
operations and cash flows.
Sales to government customers, which includes sales to the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization (NATO), have accounted for a material portion of our profitability in recent years, and we expect 
this to continue in the foreseeable future. The profitability associated with our government business can be materially 
impacted by supply disruptions, border closures, road blockages, hostility-related product losses, inventory shortages 
and other logistical difficulties that can arise when sourcing and delivering fuel in areas that are actively engaged in 
war or other military conflicts. Our sales to government customers may fluctuate significantly from time to time as a 
result of the foregoing factors, as well as the level of troop deployments and related activity in a particular region or 
area or the commencement, extension, renewal or completion of existing and new government contracts.  Furthermore, 
changes in military policies or priorities, such as the decision to withdraw or reduce armed force levels in different 
geographies, can be sudden, subjecting us to losses or higher expenses associated with disposing of unused inventory, 
removal or abandonment of equipment and relocation of employees.

As a result of complex supply logistics, the indefinite nature of government contracts, and other associated risks, sales 
of products and services to government customers often carry higher margins than sales to our other customers. 
Consequently,  a  decrease  in  sales  or  increase  in  supply  costs  to  our  government  customers  would  contribute 
disproportionately to a reduction in our gross margin and overall profitability and such decrease could be sudden. The 
loss of a key government customer or a material reduction in sales to government customers would adversely affect 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our derivative transactions with customers, suppliers, merchants and financial institutions expose us to price 
and credit risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
As part of our price risk management services, we offer to customers various pricing structures for the purchase of 
fuel, including derivatives products designed to hedge exposure to fluctuations in fuel prices.  In the ordinary course 
of business, we enter into fixed forward contracts with some of our counterparties under which we agree to sell or 
purchase certain volumes of fuel at fixed prices. In addition, we may act as a counterparty in over-the-counter swap 
transactions with some of our customers where the customer may be required to pay us in connection with changes 
in the price of fuel. Further, we may use derivatives to hedge price risks associated with our fuel inventories and 
purchase and sale commitments. We typically hedge our price risk in any of the foregoing types of transactions by 
entering into derivative instruments with large energy companies, trading houses and financial institutions.

If we have not required a customer to post collateral in connection with a fixed forward contract or swap transaction 
and there is an outstanding mark-to-market liability owing, we will have effectively extended unsecured credit to that 
customer and such amounts could be substantial. Based on the volatility of fuel prices, our counterparties may not be 
willing or able to fulfill their obligations to us under their fixed forward contracts or swap transactions. In such cases, 
we would be exposed to potential losses or costs associated with any resulting default. For example, in the event the 
spot market price of fuel at the time of delivery is substantially less than the fixed price of the contract with the customer, 
a customer could default on its purchase obligation to us and purchase the fuel at a lower “spot” market price from 
another supplier.  Meanwhile, we may have entered into a corresponding commitment with a supplier to offer our 
customer specified fixed pricing or terms and would be obligated to perform our fixed price purchase obligations to 
such supplier. Similarly, the counterparties with whom we may hedge our price risk exposure may not be willing or 
able to fulfill their obligations to us under their swap transactions.

While we monitor and manage our credit exposures to our counterparties, credit defaults may still occur and the actual 
recovery will depend on the financial condition of that counterparty and our ability to enforce any obligation owed to 
us. Accordingly, if we are unable to recover such losses from a defaulting counterparty, we could sustain substantial 
losses that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows.

7

We are exposed to various risks in connection with our use of derivatives which could have a material adverse 
effect on our results of operations.
We enter into financial derivative contracts primarily to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations in fuel products, 
to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs, to manage price exposures associated with our 
inventories, and to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  However, our efforts to hedge 
our exposure to fuel price and exchange rate fluctuations may be ineffective in certain instances. For example, we 
hedge jet fuel prices with derivatives tied to other petroleum products that have historically been correlated to aviation 
jet fuel (e.g. heating oil in the United States or gasoil in Europe or Asia).  If the price of aviation jet fuel at a specific 
location experiences a divergence to historical correlations, our attempts to mitigate price risk associated with our 
aviation business may not be effective.  Moreover, there may be times where the change in the price of jet fuel at a 
specific location is disrupted (e.g. hurricanes) and is not correlated to the underlying hedges when compared to historical 
prices.

We also enter into proprietary derivative transactions, which are not intended to hedge our own risk but rather make 
a profit by capitalizing on arbitrage opportunities associated with basis, time, quality or geographic spreads related to 
fuel products we sell. Proprietary derivative transactions, by their nature, expose us to changes in commodity prices 
in relation to the proprietary positions taken.  Although we have established limits on such exposure, any adverse 
changes could result in losses which can be further exacerbated by volatility in the financial and other markets. In 
addition, our employees failing to comply with our policies and procedures with respect to hedging or proprietary trading, 
such as engaging in unauthorized trading activity, failing to hedge a specific price risk or failing to comply with our 
internal  limits  on  exposure,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition,  results  of 
operations and cash flows.

Finally, many of our derivative transactions are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and we therefore 
may recognize changes in the fair market value of these derivatives as a component of revenue or cost of revenue 
(based on the underlying transaction type) in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
Since the fair market value of these derivatives is marked to market at the end of each quarter, changes in the value 
of our derivative instruments as a result of gains or losses may cause our earnings to fluctuate from period to period.

If we fail to comply with laws or other government regulations applicable to our operations, we could suffer 
penalties or costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business.
We are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and other regulations in the countries in which we operate 
at the international, federal, state/provincial and local government levels relating to, among other things:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

the transportation, handling and delivery of fuel and fuel products;
the operation of fuel storage, blending and distribution facilities;
workplace safety;
fuel spillage or seepage;
environmental protection, carbon emissions and hazardous waste disposal;
consumer protection;
data privacy and protection;
commodities trading, brokerage, derivatives and advisory services;
credit and payment card processing and payment services;
government contracting and procurement;
antitrust and competition;
anti-money laundering, financial services, and funds transmission; and
regulatory reporting and licensing.

Due to the complex and technical nature of these laws and regulations, inadvertent violations may occur. If we fail to 
comply with these laws or regulations for any reason, we would be required to correct or implement measures to 
prevent a recurrence of any violations, which could increase our operating costs. If more serious violations were to 
occur, we could be subject to substantial fines or penalties or to civil or criminal liability. Any substantial fines and costs 
incurred as a result of a violation of such regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business and results 
of operations.  

8

Our failure to comply with U.S. or foreign tax laws or a government challenging our tax position could adversely 
affect our business and future operating results.
We are affected by various U.S. and foreign taxes, including income taxes and taxes imposed on the purchase and 
sale of aviation, marine and land fuel products, such as sales, excise, value added tax (“VAT”), energy, environmental 
and other taxes. From time to time, we may also benefit from special tax concessions in certain jurisdictions. For 
example, we have operated under a special income tax concession in Singapore since 2008 which is conditional upon 
our meeting certain employment and investment thresholds which, if not met in accordance with our agreement, may 
eliminate the benefit beginning with the first year in which the conditions are not satisfied. The income tax concession 
reduces the income tax rate on qualified sales and derivative gains and losses. The impact of this income tax concession 
decreased (increased) foreign income taxes by $1.3 million, $2.7 million and $(7.7) million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, 
respectively. The impact of the income tax concession on a diluted earnings per common share basis was $0.02 for 
2017, $0.04 for 2016 and $(0.11) for 2015. Changes in U.S. and foreign tax laws, our failure to comply with such laws 
or the loss of tax concessions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash 
flows. 

Furthermore, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary 
course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 
Our tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various 
estimates and assumptions, including assessments of future earnings that could affect the valuation of our net deferred 
tax assets. Our operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change 
in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax 
legislation, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our 
income tax exposures.

From time to time, we are under review by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and various other domestic and foreign 
tax authorities with regards to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various challenges and litigation 
in a number of countries, including, in particular, the U.S., Brazil, Denmark and South Korea, where the amounts under 
controversy may be material. We are in the process of challenging a number of these tax assessments in several 
administrative and legal proceedings, which are at various stages of appeal. In addition, in some jurisdictions these 
challenges require the posting of collateral or payment of the contested amount which may affect our flexibility in 
operating our business or our liquidity. If these challenges are ultimately determined adversely to us, these proceedings 
may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. Furthermore, 
any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject us 
to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions and damage to our 
reputation. See notes 9 and 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding 
certain tax matters.

Finally, we earn a material amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds currently 
held  in  foreign  jurisdictions  to  the  U.S.  may  result  in  higher  effective  income  tax  rates  for  us.  Further,  recent 
developments, including investigations by the European Commission on illegal state aid, the project by the Organisation 
for  Economic  Co-operation  and  Development  (“OECD”)  on  Base  Erosion  and  Profit  Shifting  (“BEPS”)  and  other 
initiatives, could adversely affect our worldwide effective tax rate. With the finalization of specific actions contained 
within the OECD’s BEPS study, many OECD countries have acknowledged their intent to implement the actions and 
update their local tax laws. The extent (if any) to which countries in which we operate adopt and implement these 
actions could have a material adverse impact on our effective tax rate, income tax expense, financial condition, and 
results of operations and cash flows.

Recent U.S. tax legislation, as well as future substantial changes that may be made by the Trump Administration 
to regulatory, fiscal and trade policies, may materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows.
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law tax legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 
“Tax Act”).  This legislation significantly changes the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, 
by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing 
of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a territorial tax system, taxing global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”), 
assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-owned foreign corporations, 
and introducing certain base erosion and anti-abuse minimum tax provisions. The legislation is unclear in certain 
respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and 
the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could increase certain 
adverse impacts of the legislation.

9

Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we continue to evaluate this provision of the Tax 
Act and the application of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 
Topic 740, Income Taxes (“ASC Topic 740”). Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America (“U.S. GAAP”), we are allowed to make an accounting policy choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future 
U.S. GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the “period cost method”) or (2) factoring such 
amounts into our measurement of our deferred taxes (the “deferred method”). Our selection of an accounting policy 
with respect to the new GILTI tax rules will depend, in part, on analyzing our global income and our global structure 
to determine whether we expect to have future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI and the impacts 
thereof. We are currently analyzing this provision and have not made any adjustment related to potential GILTI tax in 
our financial statements and have not made a policy decision regarding whether to record deferred tax on GILTI since 
a reasonable amount cannot be determined.

The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from 
our estimates, possibly materially, due to, among other items, changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, any legislative 
action to address questions that arise because of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards for income taxes 
or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any updates or changes to current year earnings and tax 
estimates. In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 regarding application of ASC Topic 740, we anticipate 
that we will finalize our provisional estimates and determine the impact of any potential deferred tax related to GILTI 
during the measurement period and reflect any necessary adjustments in the subsequent periods. Any material revisions 
in our computations could adversely affect our results of operations.

In addition, there may be other material adverse effects resulting from the legislation that we have not yet identified. 
If we are unable to successfully take actions to manage the adverse impacts of the new tax legislation, or if additional 
interpretations, regulations, amendments or technical corrections exacerbate the adverse impacts of the legislation, 
the legislation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our physical operations have inherent risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
We provide various products and services to customers, including but not limited to into-plane fueling at airports, fueling 
of vessels in port and at sea, on the ground fueling of customer storage tanks and vehicles, and transportation, delivery 
and storage of fuel and fuel products. Operating fuel storage and distribution terminals and transporting fuel products 
involve inherent risks, such as: 

•
•
•
•
•

fires, collisions and other catastrophic disasters;
traffic accidents, injuries and loss of life;
spills, discharges, contaminations and other releases;
severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment; and
loss of product and business interruption.

Any of the foregoing could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, government-imposed 
fines or clean-up obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims, and other damage to our properties and the 
properties of others. Although we generally maintain liability insurance for these types of events, such insurance may 
be insufficient to cover certain losses which may be in excess of coverage limits or outside the scope of the coverage. 
If we are held liable for any damages, and the liability is not adequately covered by insurance, our financial position 
and results of operations will be adversely affected.  

In addition, some of our employees are represented by labor unions under collective bargaining agreements, including 
certain of our truck drivers that transport and deliver fuel and fuel-related products. Employees who are not currently 
represented by labor unions may seek union representation in the future, and any renegotiation of current collective 
bargaining agreements may result in terms that are less favorable to us. Although we believe that our relations with 
our employees are good, if our unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage or other slowdown in the 
future, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations, which could interfere with our ability to transport 
and deliver products on a timely basis and could have other negative effects, such as decreased productivity and 
increased labor costs. A significant labor dispute with our own union employees, or by the union employees of third 
parties who provide services for our business, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and 
cash flows.

10

Our  operations  are  subject  to  environmental  risks  and  extensive  laws  and  regulations  pertaining  to 
environmental protection, health, safety and security that can result in material costs and liabilities.  
Our business is subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including 
those  relating  to  fuel  storage  and  distribution,  terminals,  underground  storage  tanks,  the  release  or  discharge  of 
regulated materials into the air, water and soil, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of 
hazardous materials, the exposure of persons to regulated materials, and the health and safety of our employees. A 
violation of, liability under, or noncompliance with these laws and regulations, or any future environmental law or 
regulation, could result in significant liability, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, remediation costs for 
natural resource damages as well as third-party damages. Furthermore, some environmental laws impose strict liability 
for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability without regard 
to whether we were negligent or at fault.  In our marine segment we utilize fuel delivery barges and store refined 
products adjacent to water, thereby potentially subjecting us to strict, joint, and potentially unlimited liability for removal 
costs and other consequences of an oil spill where the spill is into navigable waters, along shorelines or in the exclusive 
economic zone of the United States. Any of these occurrences, and any resulting negative media coverage, could 
have a material adverse effect on our stock price and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows.  

Further, increasingly stringent U.S. federal and foreign environmental regulations have resulted and will likely continue 
to increase our overall cost of business. For example, compliance with existing and future laws regulating the delivery 
of fuel by barge, truck, vessel, pipeline or railcar; that regulate fuel storage terminals or underground storage tanks 
that we own, lease or operate; or that regulate the quality of product under our control may require significant capital 
expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs, particularly as we acquire businesses with more physical 
assets. In addition, mandatory fuel standards have been adopted in many jurisdictions, such as amendments to the 
International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, or MARPOL, which established a phased reduction 
of the sulfur content in fuel oil and allows for stricter sulfur limits in designated emission control areas, will be effective 
in January 2020. Further changes in laws and regulations applicable to international and national maritime trade are 
expected over the coming years. These and future changes to applicable standards or other more stringent requirements 
in the industries we serve could reduce our ability to procure product, require us to incur additional handling costs and/
or require the expenditure of capital. To the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in 
the prices of our products, our business and result of operations would be adversely affected.  

Due to our international operations, we are subject to U.S. and international laws, including U.S. economic 
sanctions,  the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices Act  (“FCPA”)  and  similar  anti-bribery  laws,  which  can  impose 
substantial compliance costs and subject us to civil or criminal penalties for non-compliance. 
Doing business on a global basis requires us to comply with the laws and regulations in jurisdictions worldwide that 
can impose substantial compliance costs and subject us to civil or criminal penalties for non-compliance. In particular, 
our global operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA, anti-money laundering laws, international 
trade controls, and antitrust and competition laws. The FCPA prohibits us from providing anything of value to foreign 
officials for the purposes of improperly influencing official decisions or improperly obtaining or retaining business. 
Where applicable, the U.K. Bribery Act prohibits bribery both in the U.K. and internationally, including bribery across 
both public and private sectors. As part of our business, we regularly deal with state-owned enterprises, the employees 
of which may be considered foreign officials for purposes of the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other applicable anti-
bribery laws. In addition, some of the international jurisdictions in which we operate lack a developed legal system and 
have higher than normal levels of corruption. Our activities in these countries may increase the risk of improper payment 
demands made to, or offers made by, one of our employees or other parties acting on our behalf, and the rejection of 
demands to make such improper payments may also negatively impact our activities in those countries.

Furthermore,  international  trade  controls,  including  economic  sanctions  such  as  those  administered  by  the  U.S. 
Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), export controls and anti-boycott regulations 
are  complex,  restrict  our  business  dealings  with  certain  countries  and  individuals,  and  are  constantly  changing. 
Additional restrictions may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner that materially impacts our 
operations.  From  time  to  time,  certain  of  our  subsidiaries  have  limited  business  dealings  in  countries  subject  to 
comprehensive OFAC administered sanctions. These business dealings currently represent an immaterial amount of 
our consolidated revenue and income and are undertaken pursuant to general and/or specific licenses issued by OFAC 
or as otherwise permitted by applicable sanctions regulations. As a result of the above activities, we are exposed to 
a heightened risk of violating trade control regulations. 

We have established policies and procedures designed to assist with our compliance with these laws and regulations, 
but such policies and procedures may not always prevent us from violations. Violations of these laws are punishable 

11

by  fines  and  expose  us  and/or  employees  to  criminal  sanctions  and  civil  suits  and  subject  us  to  other  adverse 
consequences  including  the  denial  of  export  privileges,  injunctions,  asset  seizures,  debarment  from  government 
contracts, revocations or restrictions of licenses. In addition, non-compliance with laws could adversely affect, among 
other things, our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Violations of law could 
also cause an event of default under our Credit Facility, which if not waived, could result in the acceleration of any 
outstanding indebtedness, could trigger cross defaults under other agreements to which we are a party (such as certain 
derivative contracts), and would impair our ability to obtain working capital advances and letters of credit. Such events 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Third parties who fail to provide products or services to us or our customers as agreed could harm our 
business.
We purchase fuel and other products from suppliers and resell to customers. If the fuel and other products we sell fail 
to meet the specifications we have agreed to with customers, we could incur material liabilities if such products cause 
physical damage to a vessel or aircraft or result in other losses such that a customer initiates a claim or a lawsuit for 
which we settle or results in a decision against us.  In addition, our relationship with our customers could be adversely 
affected and adverse publicity about any allegations of contaminated products may negatively affect us, regardless of 
whether the allegations are true. Although in most cases our agreements with suppliers provide that we have recourse 
against our suppliers for products that fail to meet contractual specifications, if the terms of such agreements are not 
adequate to protect our interests, we may not be able to enforce such recourse. In the event we are able to pursue it, 
such recourse cannot be assured and may be costly to enforce. For example, several of our supply agreements are 
with foreign entities, including foreign governments, and are governed by the laws of foreign jurisdictions. If a supplier 
breaches such agreement, then we may incur the additional costs of determining our rights and obligations under the 
agreement, under applicable foreign laws, and enforcing an agreement in a foreign jurisdiction. Any material liability 
in excess of any applicable insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flows.

We also use third parties to provide various services to our customers, including into plane fueling at airports, fueling 
of vessels in port and at sea and delivering land-based fuel. The failure of these third parties to perform these services 
in accordance with contractual terms for any reason, such as their inability to supply specified fuel or an interruption 
of their business because of weather, environmental or labor difficulties or political unrest, could affect our relationships 
with our customers and subject us to claims and other liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Information technology (“IT”) failures and data security breaches, including as a result of cybersecurity attacks, 
could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition, subject us to increased operating 
costs, and expose us to litigation.
We rely heavily on our computer systems, information technology and network infrastructure across our operations, 
particularly as we seek to grow our technology offerings, digitize our business and drive internal efficiencies. Despite 
our implementation of security and back-up measures, our technology systems are vulnerable to damage, disability 
or failures due to physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, operational error, or other catastrophic 
events. Our technology systems are also subject to cybersecurity attacks including malware, other malicious software, 
phishing email attacks, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data, the unauthorized release, corruption or loss 
of our data, loss or damage to our data delivery systems, and other electronic security breaches. Due to the large 
number of transactions that run through our systems each day, significant system down-time or slow-down could have 
a material impact on our ability to conduct business, process and record transactions, as well as make operational 
and financial decisions. In addition, as we continue to grow the volume of transactions in our businesses, our existing 
IT systems infrastructure, applications and related functionality may be unable to effectively support a larger scale 
operation, which can cause the information being processed to be unreliable and impact our decision-making or damage 
our reputation with customers.  We have also been increasing our use of cloud-based technology and computing 
platforms operated by third parties. If our use of these cloud services is disrupted either due to system failures, denial 
of service or other cyberattacks and computer viruses, or if the infrastructure which allows us to connect to the third 
party systems is interrupted, it could adversely impact our operations and our business.

In addition to our own vulnerabilities, our reliance on email transmissions over public networks to process certain 
transactions exposes us to risks associated with the failure of our customers, business partners and other third parties 
to use appropriate controls to protect sensitive information, as well as to risks of on-line fraud and email scams. 
Furthermore, despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and prevent future cybersecurity attacks, it is 
possible that our business, financial and other systems could be compromised, especially because such attacks can 
originate from a wide variety of sources including persons involved in organized crime or associated with external 

12

service providers. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or use electronic means to induce us to 
enter into fraudulent transactions. Past and future occurrences of such attacks could damage our reputation and our 
ability to conduct our business, impact our credit and risk exposure decisions, cause us to lose customers or revenues, 
subject us to litigation and require us to incur substantial expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve 
these issues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows.

We currently maintain insurance to protect against cybersecurity risks and incidents. However, insurance coverage 
may not be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, 
insurance coverage may be insufficient or may not cover certain of these cybersecurity risks and, even if available, 
the insurance proceeds received for any loss or damage may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities without 
materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to breach, theft, loss or misuse that could increase 
operational costs, result in regulatory penalties and adversely affect our results of operation and financial 
condition.
In connection with various businesses we operate, such as our transaction management and payment processing 
businesses, we have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information from our employees, customers 
(both corporate and individual consumers), suppliers and other third parties, some of which may be subject to privacy 
and security laws, regulations and customer imposed controls. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, process, 
transmit and retain sensitive information regarding these parties. Despite our efforts to protect this information, our 
facilities and systems and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, 
misplaced  or  lost  data  and  programming  and  human  errors  that  could  potentially  lead  to  such  information  being 
compromised.

Failure to adequately protect this information could lead to substantial fines, penalties, third party liability, remediation 
costs, potential cancellation of existing contracts and inability to compete for future business. Due to legislative and 
regulatory rules, we may be required to notify the owners of such information of any data breaches, which could harm 
our business relationships, reputation and financial results, as well as subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory 
authorities. Furthermore, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data security in the U.S. and 
abroad (particularly in the European Union through the General Data Protection Regulation that will go into effect in 
May 2018). Substantial changes in applicable regulations may require us to make costly changes to our systems. 
Although  we  have  taken  steps  to  address  these  concerns  by  implementing  network  security  and  internal  control 
measures, these steps may not prevent a data security breach and any data security breach may have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Implementation of our growth strategy may place a strain on our management, operational and financial 
resources, as well as our information systems. 
A  key  element  of  our  business  strategy  has  been  the  growth  of  our  business  through  acquisitions  and  strategic 
investments. However, this growth strategy may place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources, 
as well as our information systems and expose us to additional business and operating risks and uncertainties, including:

•

•

•

•
•

•

•

•

our ability to effectively and efficiently integrate the operations, financial reporting, and personnel of acquired
businesses and manage acquired businesses or strategic investments, while maintaining uniform standards
and controls;
the diversion of management’s time and attention from other business concerns, the potentially negative impact
of changes in management on existing business relationships and other disruptions of our business;
the risks associated with entering into businesses or markets in which we may have no or limited direct prior
experience;
the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers of the acquired businesses;
a decrease in our liquidity resulting from a material portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity being
used to fund acquisitions and a corresponding increase in our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur
additional debt to fund acquisitions;
the ability to integrate the IT systems and technology of acquired businesses into our existing infrastructure
and manage those systems and technologies that cannot be effectively integrated;
the requirement to write down acquired assets in the event the acquired business or strategic investment is
worth less than we paid for or invested in it;
capital expenditure requirements exceeding our estimates;

13

•

•

the assumption of material liabilities, exposure to litigation, regulatory noncompliance or unknown liabilities
associated with the acquired businesses, and no or limited indemnities from sellers or ongoing indemnity
obligations to purchasers; and
the need to implement internal controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies
that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies.

These risks may result in an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition or result in costs that 
outweigh the financial benefit of such opportunities. Furthermore these acquisitions or strategic investments may result 
in us incurring substantial additional indebtedness and other expenses or consummating potentially dilutive issuances 
of equity securities to fund the required capital investment.  This could adversely affect the market price of our common 
stock, inhibit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise restrict our operations.

We  may  not  be  able  to  fully  recognize  the  anticipated  benefits  of  our  acquisitions  and  other  strategic 
investments. 
As part of our growth strategy, we have been pursuing acquisition opportunities complementary to our business portfolio. 
From time to time, we may also enter into strategic investments such as joint venture arrangements or equity investments 
intended to complement or expand a portion of our business. Our ability to successfully implement our growth strategy 
depends  on  our  ability  to  find  attractive  acquisition  candidates  or  strategic  investments  and  consummate  such 
transactions on economically acceptable terms.  Before making acquisitions or other strategic investments, we conduct 
due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each 
investment. We rely, among other things, on our due diligence, representations and warranties of the sellers, financial 
statements and records of target businesses to establish the anticipated revenues and expenses and whether the 
acquisitions or strategic investments will meet our internal guidelines for current and future potential returns. Our due 
diligence investigation and other information we rely on with respect to any opportunity may not reveal or highlight all 
relevant  risks  and  issues  that  may  be  necessary  or  helpful  in  evaluating  such  opportunity.  Consequently,  these 
transactions could result in (i) an adverse impact on our overall profitability if the acquisitions or strategic investments 
do not achieve the projected financial results, (ii) unanticipated costs that may impact our results of operations, and 
(iii) increased  demands  on  our  cash  resources  that  may,  among  other  things,  impact  our  ability  to  explore  other
opportunities. If our acquisitions or strategic investments do not achieve the financial results anticipated, it could
adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.

Integration difficulties, or any other factors that make operating the acquired businesses more challenging following 
the completion of the acquisitions, may also prevent us from realizing the benefits from the recent acquisitions or any 
future acquisitions to the extent, or in the time frame, anticipated by us. We have incurred, and expect to continue 
incurring,  expenses  related  to  the  integration  of  acquisitions. These  transaction  and  integration  expenses  could, 
particularly in the near term, exceed the savings and synergies that we expect to achieve from the elimination of 
duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings related to the integration of the 
acquired businesses following the completion of the recent acquisitions. Any of these factors could have an adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

As a result of our acquisition activity, our goodwill and intangible assets have increased substantially in recent 
years and we have incurred, and may continue to incur, impairments to goodwill or intangible assets. 
When we acquire a business, a substantial portion of the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to goodwill and 
other identifiable intangible assets. In accordance with applicable acquisition accounting rules, we are required to 
record as goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet the amount by which the purchase price exceeds the net fair 
value of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired as of the acquisition date. As of December 31, 2017, 
we had goodwill of $845.5 million and net intangible assets of $279.7 million. We review our indefinite-lived intangible 
assets,  including  goodwill,  for  impairment  annually  in  the  fourth  fiscal  quarter  or  whenever  events  or  changes  in 
circumstances indicate that a potential impairment exists. Factors that may be considered in assessing whether goodwill 
or intangible assets may be impaired include a decline in our stock price or market capitalization, reduced estimates 
of future cash flows in our annual operating plan and slower growth rates in our industry.  

Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions 
based on a number of factors including industry experience, internal benchmarks, and the economic environment. We 
also rely heavily on projections of future operating performance, however, if our annual operating plan is not achieved 
or if there are other variations to our estimates and assumptions, particularly in the expected growth rates and profitability 
embedded in our cash flow projections or the discount rate used, there is the potential for a partial or total impairment 
of the carrying amount of goodwill within one or more of our reporting units.

14

During the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded an impairment charge of $91.9 million, of which $72.3 million was 
attributable to the write-off of goodwill in our marine segment, and $7.9 million associated with intangible assets, 
primarily  customer  relationships.  The  impairment  within  our  marine  segment  was  driven  principally  by  growing 
competitive pressures in maritime markets, including the decline of maritime shipping volumes along with lower demand 
for price risk management products and our ultimate decision in the fourth quarter to exit our marine business in certain 
international  markets.  See  Note  7  in  the  accompanying  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  for  more 
information. Due to continual changes in market and general business conditions, we cannot predict whether, and to 
what extent, our goodwill and long-lived intangible assets may be impaired in future periods. Any resulting impairment 
loss would have a negative effect on our results of operations.

Adverse conditions or events affecting the aviation, marine and land transportation industries may have a 
material adverse effect on our business.
Our business is focused on the marketing of fuel and other related products and services primarily to the aviation, 
marine and land transportation industries, which are generally affected by economic cycles. Therefore, weak economic 
conditions can have a negative impact on the business of our customers which may, in turn, have an adverse effect 
on  our  business.  For  example,  our  marine  segment  has  been  significantly  impacted  by  the  economic  conditions 
adversely affecting the maritime industry. In addition, any political instability, terrorist activity, military action that disrupts 
shipping, flight operations or land transportation or natural disasters and other weather-related events, will adversely 
affect  our  customers  and  may  reduce  the  demand  for  our  products  and  services.  For  example,  during  2017,  an 
earthquake in Mexico and Hurricanes Irma and Harvey resulted in business interruptions and supply disruptions which 
negatively impacted our results of operations. Our business could also be adversely affected by increased merger 
activity in the aviation, marine or land transportation industries, which may reduce the number of customers that 
purchase our products and services, as well as the prices we are able to charge for such products and services. For 
example, the shipping industry has gone through a period of significant consolidation in recent years, which has created 
a concentration of volume among a smaller number of shipping companies. Larger shipping companies often have 
greater leverage, are more sophisticated purchasers of fuel and have greater ability to buy directly from major oil 
companies, which can negatively impact our value proposition to these types of customers.

In addition, the aviation, marine and land transportation industries are subject to continuing changes in laws and 
regulations, including environmental regulations mandating or incentivizing alternative energy sources or attempting 
to control or limit emissions and pollution. Complying with these and other laws and regulations may require capital 
expenditures by our customers or otherwise increase our customers’ operating costs, which could in turn, reduce the 
demand for our products and services or impact the pricing or availability of the products we sell. Although the ultimate 
impact of any regulations is difficult to predict accurately, they could have a material adverse effect on our business 
or on the businesses of our customers.

Our business is subject to seasonal variability, which can cause our revenues and operating results to fluctuate 
and adversely affect the market price of our shares.
Our  operating  results  are  subject  to  seasonal  variability.  Seasonality  results  from  numerous  factors,  including 
traditionally higher demand for natural gas and home heating oil during the winter months and for aviation and land 
fuel during the summer months, as well as other seasonal weather patterns.  As such, our results for the second and 
third quarters of the year in our aviation segment tend to be the strongest and our results for the fourth and first quarters 
of the year in our land segment tend to be the strongest. However, extreme or unseasonable weather conditions can 
substantially reduce demand for our products and services which can, in turn, adversely impact our results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that seasonal variability factors will continue in future periods. Accordingly, results for any 
one quarter may not necessarily be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any other quarter or for the full 
fiscal year. These seasonal fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may adversely affect the market price of our 
shares.

We may be unable to realize the level of benefit that we expect from our restructuring activities and cost 
reduction initiatives which may hurt our profitability and our business otherwise might be adversely affected. 
We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and seek the most cost effective means and efficient 
structure to serve our customers and suppliers and respond to changes in the markets in which we operate. In line 
with this commitment, we have in the past and are likely to, in the future, divest of certain non-core assets, exit lines 
of businesses that are not achieving the desired return on investment, or otherwise restructure certain of our operations 
in an effort to improve cost competitiveness and profitability. For example, we exited our rail business in the fourth 
quarter of 2017. We also engaged in cost reduction initiatives, principally in our marine segment in 2016 and throughout 
our organization in 2017, and restructuring activities during the fourth quarter of 2017. We continue to evaluate additional 
restructuring activities, cost reduction opportunities and potential divestitures. 

15

We may not be able to achieve the level of benefit that we expect to realize from our past or future restructuring activities 
or divestitures. We may also materially alter various aspects of our business, or our business model, and there can 
be no assurance that any such changes will be successful or that they will not ultimately have a negative effect on our 
business and results of operations. Finally, restructuring activities and divestitures may result in restructuring charges 
and material write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  

Changes in the market price of fuel may have a material adverse effect on our business.
Fuel prices are impacted by many factors beyond our control, including:

•
•
•
•

•
•
•

•
•
•
•
•

global economic conditions;
changes in global crude oil and natural gas prices;
expected and actual supply and demand for fuel;
the ability or willingness of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) to set and maintain
production levels for oil;
oil and gas production levels by non-OPEC countries;
geopolitical conditions;
laws and regulations related to environmental matters, including those mandating or incentivizing alternative
energy sources or otherwise addressing global climate change;
changes in pricing or production controls by various organizations and oil producing countries;
technological advances affecting energy consumption or supply;
energy conservation efforts;
price and availability of alternative fuels and energy sources; and
weather.

If fuel prices increase, our customers may not be able to purchase as much fuel from us because of their credit limits 
with us and the resulting adverse impact on their business could cause them to be unable to make payments owed to 
us for fuel purchased on credit. They may also choose to reduce the amount of fuel they consume in their operations 
to reduce costs or comply with new environmental regulations to obtain associated incentives. For example, in the 
shipping industry a number of container ships sail at reduced speeds, known as “slow steaming,” to conserve fuel and 
reduce carbon emissions. In any such event, the volume of orders from our customers may thereafter decrease and 
we may not be able to replace lost volumes with new or existing customers. In addition, if fuel prices increase, our own 
credit limits could prevent us from purchasing enough fuel from our suppliers to meet our customers’ demands or could 
require us to prepay for fuel purchases which would impair our liquidity.

Conversely,  extended  periods  of  low  fuel  prices,  particularly  when  coupled  with  low  price  volatility,  such  as  we 
experienced during 2016 and 2017, can also have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall profitability. 
This outcome can be due to a number of factors, including reduced demand from our customers involved in the oil 
exploration sector and for our price risk management products. Low fuel prices also facilitate increased competition 
by reducing financial barriers to entry and enabling existing, lower-capitalized competitors to conduct more business 
as a result of lower working capital requirements.

Finally, we maintain fuel inventories for competitive or logistical reasons. Because fuel is a commodity, we have no 
control over the changing market value of our inventory although we may manage or hedge this price exposure with 
derivatives. Our inventory is valued using the weighted average cost methodology and is stated at the lower of average 
cost or market. A rapid decline in fuel prices could cause our inventory value to be higher than market, resulting in our 
inventory being marked down to market or the inventory itself sold at lower prices. While we attempt to mitigate these 
fluctuations through hedging, such hedges may not be fully effective. Accordingly, if the market value of our inventory 
is less than our average cost and to the extent our hedges are not effective at mitigating fluctuations in prices, we 
could record a write down of inventory on hand and incur a non-cash charge or suffer losses as fuel is sold, which 
could adversely impact our earnings.

Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect 
our business and future operating results.
Because we offer fuel products and services on a worldwide basis, our business is subject to risks associated with 
doing business internationally. Our business and future operating results could be harmed by a variety of factors, 
including, but not limited to:

16

•

•
•
•
•

•

•
•

trade protection measures and import, export and other licensing requirements, which could increase our costs
or prevent us from doing certain business internationally;
the costs of hiring and retaining senior management for overseas operations;
difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations, which could reduce our productivity;
changes in regulatory requirements, which may be costly and require significant time to implement;
laws restricting us from repatriating profits earned from our activities within foreign countries, including making
distributions;
governmental actions that may result in the deprivation of our contractual rights or the inability to obtain or
retain authorizations required to conduct our business;
political risks, including changes in governments; and
terrorism, war, civil unrest and natural disasters and other weather-related events.

In particular, we operate in certain international markets which have been plagued by corruption and have uncertain 
regulatory environments, either of which could have a negative impact on our operations there. Furthermore, many 
countries in which we operate have historically been, and may continue to be, susceptible to recessions or currency 
devaluation.

We also operate in certain high-risk locations that have been experiencing military action, terrorist activity or continued 
unrest which could disrupt the supply of fuel or otherwise disrupt our operations in those areas. An act of terror could 
result in disruptions of fuel supply and oil markets, and our facilities could be direct or indirect targets. Terrorist activity 
may also hinder our ability to transport fuel if our means of transportation become damaged as a result of an attack. 
In these high-risk locations, we may also incur substantial operating costs, including maintaining the safety of our 
personnel. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel in these locations and there is a risk of 
serious injury or loss of life of employees or subcontractors.

Finally, the U.S. may potentially withdraw from or renegotiate various trade agreements and take other actions that 
would change current trade policies of the U.S. We cannot predict the impact, if any, of these or other proposed changes 
to our business. However, it is possible that these proposed changes could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. It is likely that some policies adopted by the new administration will benefit us and 
others will negatively affect us. Until we know what changes are enacted, we will not know whether in total we benefit 
from, or are negatively affected by such changes.

Material disruptions in the availability or supply of fuel would adversely affect our business.
The success of our business depends on our ability to purchase, sell and coordinate delivery of fuel and related services 
to our customers. Political instability, natural disasters and other weather-related events, transportation, terminal or 
pipeline capacity constraints, terrorist activity, piracy, military action or other similar conditions or events may disrupt 
the availability or supply of fuel. Decreased availability or supply of fuel or other petroleum products may have a negative 
impact on our sales and margins and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we rely on a single or limited 
number of suppliers for the provision of fuel and related products and services in certain markets. These parties may 
have significant negotiating leverage over us, and if they are unable or unwilling to supply us on commercially reasonable 
terms, our business would be adversely affected.

We face intense competition and, if we are not able to effectively compete in our markets, our revenues and 
profits may decrease.
Competitive pressures in our markets could adversely affect our competitive position, leading to a possible loss of 
market share or a decrease in prices, either of which could result in decreased revenues and profits. Our competitors 
are numerous, ranging from large multinational corporations, which have significantly greater capital resources than 
we do, to relatively small and specialized firms. Industry developments, such as fuel price transparency, procurement 
technology tools and increasing customer sophistication may, over time, reduce demand for our services and thereby 
exacerbate the competition. In addition to competing with resellers, we also compete with the major oil producers that 
market fuel and other energy products directly to the large commercial airlines, shipping companies and commercial 
and industrial users. Although many major oil companies have been divesting their downstream assets, some continue 
to compete with us in certain markets while others may decide to reenter the market in the future. Our business could 
be adversely affected because of increased competition from these oil companies, who may choose to increase their 
direct marketing in order to compete with us or provide less advantageous price and credit terms to us than to our fuel 
reseller competitors.

17

If we are unable to retain our senior management and key employees, our business and results of operations 
could be harmed.
Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and 
key personnel. Although we have employment or severance agreements with certain of our key employees, these 
agreements do not prevent those individuals from ceasing their employment with us at any time. If we are unable to 
retain  existing  senior  management  and  key  personnel,  or  to  attract  other  qualified  senior  management  and  key 
personnel on terms satisfactory to us, our business could be adversely affected. While we maintain key man life 
insurance with respect to certain members of senior management, our coverage levels may not be sufficient to offset 
any losses we may incur and there is no assurance that we will continue to maintain key man life insurance in the 
future.

Our failure to comply with the requirements of our Credit Facility and Term Loans could adversely affect our 
operating flexibility.
We have the ability to borrow money pursuant to a Credit Facility and Term Loans that impose certain operating and 
financial covenants on us, which, among other things, restrict our ability to (i) pay dividends or make certain other 
restricted payments, (ii) incur additional debt, (iii) create liens, (iv) sell assets, and (v) engage in mergers or acquisitions. 
Our failure or inability to comply with the requirements of these facilities, including meeting certain financial ratios or 
other covenants, could limit the availability under our Credit Facility or result in an event of default. An event of default, 
if not cured or waived, would permit acceleration of any outstanding indebtedness under these facilities, could trigger 
cross defaults under other agreements to which we are a party (such as certain derivative contracts), and would impair 
our ability to obtain working capital advances and letters of credit, any of which could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our operations may be adversely affected by legislation and competition from other energy sources and new 
or advanced technology.
Fuel competes with other sources of energy, some of which are less costly on an equivalent energy basis. There have 
been significant governmental incentives and consumer pressures to increase the use of alternative fuels in the United 
States and abroad. A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing more fuel 
efficient engines, hybrid engines and alternative clean power systems. The more successful these alternatives become 
as a result of governmental incentives or regulations, technological advances, consumer demand, improved pricing 
or otherwise, the greater the potential negative impact on pricing and demand for our products and services and 
accordingly, our profitability.

On March 28, 2017, the U.S. President signed an executive order directing the Environmental Protection Agency 
(“EPA”) and other executive agencies to review their existing regulations, orders, guidance documents and policies 
that potentially burden the development of energy resources. It remains unclear how and to what extent these executive 
actions will impact the regulation of GHG emissions at the federal level. Even if federal efforts in this area are slow, 
state, local and/or foreign governments may enact legislation or regulations that attempt to control or limit GHGs such 
as carbon dioxide. Such laws or regulations could impose costs tied to carbon emissions, operational requirements 
or restrictions, or additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities. They could also provide a cost advantage to 
alternative energy sources, result in other costs or requirements, such as costs associated with the adoption of new 
infrastructure and technology to respond to new mandates, or impose costs or restrictions on end users of fuel. For 
example, some of our customers in the transportation industry may be required to purchase allowances or offsets or 
incur other costs to comply with existing or future requirements relating to GHG. Finally, the focus on climate change 
could also negatively impact the reputation of our fuel products or services. The occurrence of any of the foregoing 
events could put upward pressure on the cost of fuel relative to other energy sources, increase our costs and the prices 
we charge our customers, reduce the demand for our products, and therefore adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Insurance coverage for some of our operations may be insufficient to cover losses, which may have a material 
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We maintain insurance to cover various risks associated with the operation of our business. Certain risks, however, 
such as environmental risks, are not fully insurable and our insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses, 
costs, or liabilities. Accordingly, our insurance policies may not adequately cover or may have exclusions of coverage 
for certain losses. Therefore, our insurance coverage may not be available or, if available, may not be adequate to 
cover claims that may arise.

Furthermore, our ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance and the cost of such insurance may be affected 
by significant claims and conditions in the insurance market over which we have no control. If the cost of insurance 

18

increases, we may decide to discontinue certain insurance coverage, reduce our level of coverage or increase our 
deductibles/retentions in order to offset the cost increase. In addition, our existing types and levels of insurance coverage 
could become difficult or impossible to obtain in the future. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by 
insurance, the loss of insurance coverage or a material increase in the cost of insurance could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Current and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
We are currently, and may in the future be, involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our 
business. Lawsuits and other administrative or legal proceedings as well as any governmental investigations can 
involve substantial costs, including the costs associated with investigation, litigation and possible settlement, judgment, 
penalty or fine. Although we generally maintain insurance to mitigate certain exposures, costs associated with lawsuits 
or other legal proceedings may exceed the limits of insurance policies, which could adversely impact our results of 
operations. Furthermore, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely 
affected if a judgment, penalty or fine is not fully covered by insurance.

Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations.
The majority of our business transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars. In particular markets, however, payments 
to certain of our fuel suppliers and from certain of our customers are denominated in local currency. We also have 
certain liabilities, primarily for local operations, including income and transactional taxes, which are denominated in 
foreign currencies. This subjects us to foreign currency exchange risk. For example, the strengthening of the U.S. 
dollar relative to the British pound and other currencies may harm our results of operations as the local currency results 
of our U.K. operations may translate into fewer U.S. dollars. Currency fluctuations could also impact our customers 
based outside of the U.S., who may closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets on our products 
and services, which in turn, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Although we generally use hedging strategies to manage and minimize the impact of foreign currency exchange risk 
when available, these hedges may be costly and at any given time, only a portion of this risk may be hedged. Accordingly, 
our exposure to this risk may be substantial and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could adversely affect our 
profitability.

The U.K.’s proposed withdrawal from the European Union (“E.U.”) could harm our business and financial 
results.
On June 23, 2016, the U.K. held a referendum in which British voters approved an exit from the E.U., commonly 
referred to as “Brexit”. On March 29, 2017, the U.K. government initiated the exit process under Article 50 of the Treaty 
of the European Union, commencing a period of up to two years for the U.K. and the other E.U. member states to 
negotiate the terms of the withdrawal. Uncertainty over the terms of the U.K’s departure from the E.U. could cause 
political and economic uncertainty in the U.K. and the rest of Europe, which could harm our business and financial 
results. A withdrawal could, among other outcomes, disrupt the free movement of goods, services and people between 
the U.K. and the E.U., undermine bilateral cooperation in key geographic areas and significantly disrupt trade between 
the U.K. and the E.U. or other nations as the U.K. pursues independent trade relations. These factors pose a risk to 
the overall U.K. economy and as a result, our operations in the U.K., particularly in our land segment, as well as our 
global operations, could be adversely impacted.

Finally,  Brexit  could  lead  to  legal  uncertainty  and  potentially  divergent  national  laws  and  regulations  as  the  U.K. 
determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate. We may incur additional costs and expenses as we adapt to such 
potentially divergent regulatory frameworks. The effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the U.K. makes to 
retain access to E.U. or other markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. Given the lack of 
comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade and legal implications the withdrawal of the U.K. from the 
E.U. would have and how such withdrawal would affect us. In addition, Brexit may lead other E.U. member countries 
to consider referendums regarding their E.U. membership. Adverse consequences concerning Brexit or the E.U. could 
include deterioration in global economic conditions, instability in global financial markets, political uncertainty, continued 
volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse changes in the cross-border agreements currently in place, any of 
which could have an adverse impact on our financial results in the future.

19

Current and proposed derivatives legislation and rulemaking could have a material adverse effect on our 
business.
The Dodd Frank Wall Street Transparency and Accountability Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) provides for federal 
regulation of the over the counter derivative markets both for commodities and securities, and gives the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and the SEC broad authority to regulate such markets and their participants. 
This includes, among others, derivative transactions linked to crude oil, refined products and natural gas prices. The 
Dodd-Frank Act and the rules being promulgated thereunder subject certain swap participants to capital and margin 
requirements  and  business  conduct  standards.  If  we  or  our  derivatives  counterparties  are  subject  to  additional 
requirements imposed as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, this may increase our transaction costs or make it more 
difficult for us to enter into hedging transactions on favorable terms. Our inability to enter into hedging transactions on 
favorable terms, or at all, could increase our operating expenses and put us at increased exposure to risks of adverse 
changes in energy commodities prices.  Further, on December 30, 2016, the CFTC re-proposed new position limits 
rules for public comment, which would limit trading in options, futures, and swaps contracts related to certain agricultural, 
metal, and energy commodities, including energy commodities in which we currently engage in derivative transactions, 
and solicited public comment. These rules have not been finalized, and we cannot currently predict whether or when 
the re-proposed rules will be adopted, in what form the rules will be adopted, or the effect of the final rules, if any, on 
our businesses. Any such regulations could also subject our derivatives counterparties to limits on commodity positions 
and thereby have an adverse effect on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business or on the cost of our 
hedging activity.

In addition, other legislation regulating the use of derivatives that certain foreign jurisdictions have adopted or are in 
the process of adopting, could have a material adverse effect on our business. One of the most significant pieces of 
E.U. financial services legislation in recent years, the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (“MiFID II”) and the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (“MiFIR”), went into effect on January 3, 2018. As a result of the available 
exemptions from MiFID II licensing, we have experienced minimal disruption in our ability to continue to conduct our 
business since these regulations took effect in the E.U., although we will continue to evaluate the availability of these 
exemptions as our business grows or changes in the future. In addition, new rules have been enacted on “position 
limits,” which places a limit on the number of commodity derivative contracts we can hold at one time that are traded 
on a “E.U. trading venue,” which includes E.U. Regulated Markets/Exchanges. Although we do not believe these limits 
pose an immediate threat on our ability to hedge risk or carry out our existing business activities, we will continue to 
evaluate whether these limits may have any adverse business impact in the future.

Any new (or newly implemented) regulations and international legislation could:

• materially increase the cost of our derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral, which
could adversely affect our cash flows and liquidity, or require us to obtain licenses and subject us directly or
indirectly to additional reporting and other requirements);

• materially alter the terms of our derivative contracts;
•
•

reduce our ability to offer derivative and other price management products to our customers;
require  that  we  limit  our  derivatives  activities  to  avoid  being  subject  to  burdensome  requirements  and
regulations;
reduce the demand for our price risk management services;
reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter;
increase price volatility in the commodities we buy and sell (and derivatives related to those commodities);
affect cash flow and liquidity due to margin calls;
reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing commodity price contracts; and
increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties.

•
•
•
•
•
•

If the increased cost of derivative contracts is substantial or we reduce or limit our derivatives activities as a result of 
any such legislation or rules, our profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected.  Any of these 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition, and our results of operations and 
cash flows.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

20

Item 2. Properties

The following table sets forth our principal properties, the majority of which are leased, as of February 7, 2018. We 
consider all of our properties and facilities to be suitable and adequate for our present needs and do not anticipate 
that we will experience difficulty in renewing or replacing those leases that expire in 2018 in any material respect.

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
PROPERTIES 

Location

Principal Use

9800 Northwest 41st Street
Miami, FL 33178, USA
62 Buckingham Gate
London, United Kingdom SW1E 6AJ
238A Thompson Road #08 01/10
Novena Square Tower A
Singapore 307684
Office No. 2003, Swiss Tower
Plot No. Y3, Jumeirah Lakes Towers
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Praia do Flamengo, 200, 22nd floor
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 22210 030
Forum 2, Building N, Level 4, Radial
Santa Ana Belén (Lindoral), Pozos,
Santa Ana San José, Costa Rica
605 North Highway 169, 
Suites 1100 & 1200
Plymouth, MN 55441, USA
25 Mill Street
Parish, NY 13131, USA
Strommen 6
9400 Norresundby, Denmark
6000 Metcalf Avenue
Overland Park, KS 66202, USA
8650 College Boulevard
Overland Park, KS 66210, USA
Causeway End, Brinkworth,
Chippenham SN15 5DN,
United Kingdom
300 Flint Ridge Road
Webster, Texas 77598, USA
Fantoftvegen 38, 5072 
Bergen, Norway
2320 Milwaukee Way, 
Tacoma, Washington 98421, USA
4920 Southern Boulevard
Virginia Beach, VA  23462, USA
1B North Mole Road (C.P. No. 1360)
Gibraltar
The Docks, Falmouth, Cornwall, 
TR11 4NR, United Kingdom

Executive, administrative, operations and sales office 
for corporate, aviation, land and marine segments
Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation, land and marine segments
Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation and marine segments

Lease Expiration

August 2031

June 2028

March 2020

Sales and marketing office for aviation and marine 
segments

March 2022

Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation, land and marine segments
Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation and marine segments

November 2021

December 2019

Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment

June 2018

Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation and land segments
Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation, land and marine segments
Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment

Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for land 
segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for marine 
segment
Administrative, operations and sales office for marine 
segment

March 2020

Month-to-month

August 2024

August 2024

Owned

Owned

November 2023

June 2026

Owned

May 2021

February 2037

21

Location
Huskisson Dock No.1 
Regent Road
Liverpool, United Kingdom
Lange Kleiweg 28, 8th Floor
Rijswijk, Netherlands 2228

Principal Use

Administrative, operations and sales office for marine 
segment

Lease Expiration
February 2029

Administrative, operations and sales office for 
aviation, land and marine segments

September 2022

22

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On July 20, 2016, we were informed that the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) is conducting an investigation 
into the aviation fuel supply industry, including certain activities by us and other industry participants at an airport in 
Central America. In connection therewith, we were served with formal requests by the DOJ about its activities at that 
airport and its aviation fuel supply business more broadly. We are cooperating with the investigation.

From time to time, we are under review by the IRS and various other domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards 
to income tax and indirect tax matters and are involved in various challenges and litigation in a number of countries, 
including, in particular, U.S., Brazil, Denmark and South Korea, where the amounts under controversy may be material. 
See Notes 9 and 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding certain tax 
matters.

We are a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business including, 
but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property damage, 
demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and administrative 
claims. We are not currently a party to any such claim, complaint or proceeding that we expect to have a material 
adverse effect on our business or financial condition. However, any adverse resolution of one or more such claims, 
complaints or proceedings during a particular reporting period could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated 
financial statements or disclosures for that period. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

23

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer 
Purchases of Equity Securities

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol INT. As of December 29, 
2017, the closing price of our stock on the NYSE was $28.14. The following table sets forth, for each quarter in 2017
and 2016, the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported by the NYSE.

2017
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

2016
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

$

$

Price

High

Low

47.49 $
38.67
40.16
36.64

49.50 $
51.01
49.38
47.30

34.79
34.64
32.28
25.80

35.13
42.95
44.14
38.79

As of February 7, 2018, there were 370 shareholders of record of our common stock.

Cash Dividends
The following table sets forth the amount, the declaration date, record date and payment date for each quarterly cash 
dividend declared in 2017 and 2016.

Per Share Amount

Declaration Date

Record Date

Payment Date

2017
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

2016
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

$

$

0.0600
0.0600
0.0600
0.0600

March 3, 2017
May 25, 2017
October 4, 2017

March 17, 2017
June 9, 2017
October 16, 2017
December 1, 2017 December 15, 2017

April 7, 2017
July 7, 2017
November 6, 2017
January 5, 2018

March 3, 2016
May 26, 2016

March 18, 2016
0.0600
0.0600
June 10, 2016
0.0600 September 12, 2016 September 23, 2016
0.0600
November 30, 2016 December 16, 2016

April 8, 2016
July 1, 2016
October 12, 2016
January 6, 2017

Our Credit Facility and Term Loans restrict the payment of cash dividends to a maximum of the sum of (i) $100.0 million
plus (ii) 50% of the cumulative consolidated net income for each fiscal quarter beginning with the fiscal quarter ended 
March 31, 2016, plus (iii) 100% of the net proceeds of all equity issuances made after October 2013. For additional 
information regarding our Credit Facility and Term Loans, see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements, included herein, and “Liquidity and Capital Resources” in “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

24

Stock Performance
This graph compares the total shareholder return on our common stock with the total return on the Russell 2000 Index 
and  the  S&P  Energy  Index  for  the  five year  period  from  December 31,  2012  through  December 31,  2017.  The 
cumulative return includes reinvestment of dividends.

$250

$200

$150

$100

$50

$0

12/12

12/13

12/14

12/15

12/16

12/17

World Fuel Services Corporation

Russell 2000

S&P Energy

Equity Compensation Plans

The following table summarizes securities authorized for issuance related to outstanding restricted stock units (“RSUs”) 
and stock settled stock appreciation rights (“SSAR Awards”) under our 2016 omnibus plan (the “2016 Plan”) and 
available for future issuance under our 2016 Plan as of December 31, 2017 (in millions, except weighted average price 
data), as well as the 2006 omnibus plan, as amended and restated (the “2006 Plan”):

25

Plan name or description

2016 Plan
2006 Plan

(a) Maximum
number of
securities to be
issued upon
exercise of
outstanding

RSUs and SSAR

Awards

average

(b) Weighted
exercise price 
of outstanding 
RSUs and SSAR 

Awards(1)

1.0
1.2

$
$

14.68
9.71

(c) Number
of securities
remaining
available for
future issuance
under equity
compensation
plan (excluding

securities
reflected in
column (a))

3.4
—

(1) Calculated without taking into account shares of common stock subject to the RSUs reported in column (a) and
that will become issuable following vesting of such RSUs without any cash consideration or other payment required.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table presents information with respect to repurchases of common stock made by us during the quarterly 
period ended December 31, 2017 (in thousands, except average price per share):

Period

10/1/2017 - 10/31/2017
11/1/2017 - 11/30/2017
12/1/2017 - 12/31/2017
Total

Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased (1)

Average Price

Paid Per
Share

Total Number of
Shares Purchased
as Part of Publicly
Announced Plans

or Programs

— $
—
—
— $

—
—
—
—

May Yet Be 

Approximate Dollar 
Value of Shares that 
Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs (2)
100,000
100,000
100,000
100,000

— $
—
—
— $

(1) These amounts include shares purchased as part of our publicly announced programs and shares owned and
tendered by employees to satisfy the required withholding taxes related to share-based payment awards, which
are not deducted from shares available to be purchased under publicly announced programs.

(2) In October 2017, our Board of Directors approved a new common stock repurchase program which replaced the
remainder of the existing program and authorized the purchase of up to $100.0 million in common stock (the
“Repurchase Program”). The Repurchase Program does not require a minimum number of shares of common
stock  to  be  purchased,  has  no  expiration  date  and  may  be  suspended  or  discontinued  at  any  time. As  of
December 31, 2017, $100.0 million remains available for purchase under the Repurchase Program. The timing
and amount of shares of common stock to be repurchased under the Repurchase Program will depend on market
conditions, share price, securities law and other legal requirements and factors.

For information on repurchases of common stock for the first three quarters of 2017, see the corresponding Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q.

26

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

The  following  selected  consolidated  financial  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  consolidated  financial 
statements and related notes thereto and Part II, Item 7 of this report appearing under the caption, “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other financial data and “Risk Factors” 
included elsewhere in this 2017 10 K Report. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating 
results to be expected in the future. All financial information presented has been prepared in U.S. dollars and in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”).

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
(In millions, except earnings and dividends per share data)

Revenue
Cost of revenue
Gross profit
Operating expenses (8)
Income from operations
Non-operating expenses, net (9)
Income (loss) before income
taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income (loss) including
noncontrolling interest
Net income (loss) attributable
to noncontrolling interest
Net income (loss) attributable 
to World Fuel (10)
Basic earnings (loss) per 
common share (10)
Basic weighted average
common shares
Diluted earnings (loss) per 
common share (10)
Diluted weighted average
common shares
Cash dividends declared per
common share

For the Year ended December 31,

2017

(1)(2)

2016

(3)(4)

2015

(4)(5)

2014

(4)(6)

2013

(4)(7)

$33,695.5
32,763.3
932.2
886.6
45.6
(66.7)

$27,015.8
26,116.8
899.0
710.1
188.9
(46.7)

$30,381.4
29,520.4
861.0
615.3
245.7
(27.9)

$43,391.8
42,572.7
819.1
542.4
276.7
(1.9)

$41,559.9
40,807.8
752.2
488.5
263.7
(15.4)

(21.1)
149.2

(170.3)

(0.1)

(170.2)

(2.50)

68.1

(2.50)

68.1

0.24

$

$

$

$

142.1
15.7

126.4

—

126.5

1.82

69.3

1.81

69.8

0.24

$

$

$

$

217.7
47.2

170.5

(3.9)

174.5

2.49

70.2

2.47

70.7

0.24

$

$

$

$

274.8
53.6

221.1

(3.3)

224.5

3.17

70.8

3.15

71.3

0.15

$

$

$

$

248.3
46.0

202.3

4.4

198.0

2.78

71.2

2.76

71.8

0.15

$

$

$

$

2017

(1)(2)

2016

As of December 31,
(4)(5)

2015

(3)(4)

2014

(4)(6)

2013

(4)(7)

Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable, net
Total current assets
Total assets
Total current liabilities
Total long-term liabilities
Total equity (10)

$

372.3
2,705.6
3,940.4
5,587.8
2,718.6
1,131.3
1,738.0

$

582.5
1,812.6
3,246.0
4,525.3
1,754.2
865.3
1,905.9

$

302.3
2,308.2
3,675.2
4,878.1
2,241.9
776.8
1,859.4

$

292.1
2,538.6
3,815.5
4,735.2
2,518.9
545.9
1,670.5

$

698.6
2,344.0
3,836.6
5,412.6
2,182.7
1,290.1
1,940.0

27

(1) In 2017, we acquired the assets of certain ExxonMobil affiliates in Italy, Germany, Australia and New Zealand and
completed five additional acquisitions which were not material, individually or in the aggregate. The financial
position and results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements
since their respective acquisition dates.

(2) Operating expenses for 2017 includes goodwill and other impairments of $91.9 million and restructuring related
charges of $59.6 million. Provision for income taxes for 2017 includes a $143.7 million expense related to the one-
time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings recorded as a result of the Tax Act.

(3) In 2016, we acquired the assets of certain ExxonMobil affiliates in Canada and two airports in France on November
1st, and the U.K. and one airport in France on December 1st, as well as all of the outstanding stock of PAPCO, Inc.
(“PAPCO”)  and Associated  Petroleum  Products,  Inc.  (“APP”)  on  July  1st.  We  also  completed  six  additional
acquisitions which were not material, individually or in the aggregate. The financial position and results of operations
of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition
dates.

(4) Certain prior period amounts have been revised to reflect the impact of adjustments made to our provision for

income taxes.

(5) In 2015, we acquired all the outstanding stock of Pester Marketing Company (“Pester”) on September 1st and
completed four additional acquisitions which were not material, individually or in the aggregate. The financial
position and results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements
since their respective acquisition dates.

(6) In 2014, we acquired i) all of the outstanding stock of Watson Petroleum Limited (now known as WFL (UK) Limited)
(“Watson Petroleum”) on March 7th, ii) all of the outstanding stock of Colt International, L.L.C. (“Colt”) on July 29th,
and iii) completed three additional acquisitions which were not material, individually or in the aggregate. The
financial position and results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial
statements since their respective acquisition dates.

(7) In 2013, we completed three acquisitions which were not material individually or in the aggregate. The financial
position and results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated financial statements
since their respective acquisition dates.

(8) Included in operating expenses are total non cash compensation costs associated with share based payment
awards  of  $21.2  million  for  2017,  $19.3  million  for  2016,  $17.0  million  for  2015,  $15.8  million  for  2014,  and
$16.7 million for 2013 and intangible amortization expense of $41.9 million for 2017, $39.7 million for 2016, $30.4
million for 2015, $27.0 million for 2014, and $22.6 million for 2013.

(9) Included in non-operating income (expenses), net for 2014 is a gain of $18.1 million related to the sale of our crude
oil joint venture interests. The after-tax gain, net of certain related operating expenses was $9.9 million, or $0.14
per basic and diluted share.

(10) In 2017, we repurchased 1.7 million shares of common stock for an aggregate value of $61.9 million. In 2016, we
repurchased 1.0 million shares of common stock for an aggregate value of $41.2 million. In 2015, we repurchased
1.6 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate value of $70.5 million. In 2014, we repurchased 0.2 million
shares of our common stock for an aggregate value of $10.0 million.

Item 7.  Management’s  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of 
Operations

The  following  discussion  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  “Item 6 –  Selected  Financial  Data,”  and  with  the 
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this 2017 10 K 
Report. The following discussion may contain forward looking statements, and our actual results may differ materially 
from the results suggested by these forward looking statements. Some factors that may cause our results to differ 
materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward  looking statements are described in 
“Item 1A – Risk Factors” and under “Forward-Looking Statements.”

28

Business Overview

We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and 
services in the aviation, marine and land transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our product and 
service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment with respect to natural gas and power and 
transaction and payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers. Our intention is to become 
a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment 
services and technology solutions across the energy product spectrum. We also seek to become a leading transaction 
and payment management company, offering payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers, 
principally in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries.

The overall aviation market remains strong, reflecting healthy airline financial performance and strong overall demand. 
Our aviation segment has benefited from our increased logistics capability and expanded footprint from the acquisition 
of international aviation fueling operations from various ExxonMobil affiliates, which has facilitated our expansion into 
additional airport locations. The aviation segment has also benefited from increased sales to government customers, 
which include the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and other government 
and military customers. Sales to government customers account for a  material portion of our aviation segment's 
profitability.  We  expect  our  government-related  activity  to  remain  strong,  although  we  believe  the  related  profit 
contribution will decrease in 2018 as a result of compressed margins associated with contract renewals. Sales to 
government customers are driven by global events and military-related activities and can therefore significantly change 
from period to period and materially impact our results of operations.

Our land segment has grown primarily through acquisitions as we seek to build out our land fuel distribution capabilities, 
primarily in the U.S. and U.K. Recently, our land segment has been negatively impacted by lower profitability from 
our supply and trading activities as a result of market conditions, specifically within the U.S., which we do not expect 
will improve in the near future. In addition, our operating results in the U.S. and U.K. in recent years have been 
adversely impacted by unseasonably warm winter weather conditions. In contrast, our land segment has benefited 
from sales to government customers and we expect such activity to remain strong in the near term. We are focused 
on realizing the synergies associated with our acquisitions, implementing a single common technology platform and 
driving greater leverage and ratability in our operating model.

Over the course of 2017, our marine segment was adversely impacted by the weak conditions within the global 
shipping and offshore oil exploration markets and as a result, our marine segment experienced lower overall volumes 
in our core resale business as compared to historical levels. We also experienced lower demand for our price risk 
management products as a result of low fuel prices and limited market volatility. Due to growing competitive pressures 
in maritime markets, including the prolonged decline of maritime shipping volumes along with lower demand for price 
risk management products and our decision to exit our marine business in certain international markets, we expect 
lower than previously anticipated sales and operating margins.  

We  continue  to  rationalize  our  operating  model  to  gain  efficiencies  through  various  initiatives  that  are  ongoing 
throughout the company, including moving to cloud-based solutions. Furthermore, during the fourth quarter, we began 
an enterprise-wide restructuring plan that is designed to streamline the organization, and reallocate resources to 
better align our organizational structure and costs with our strategy, ultimately to improve operating efficiencies. The 
restructuring program involves reviewing non-core businesses and investments, our organizational structure, and 
expected commercial opportunities in the markets we serve.  We will also consider our existing technology platforms 
in connection with our ongoing enterprise resource planning platform upgrade, specifically with an aim to more fully 
integrate recent acquisitions and increase associated profit contribution. While these activities are ongoing, we expect 
the majority of these activities to be completed over the course of 2018.

29

Reportable Segments

We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. In our aviation segment, we offer 
fuel and related products and services to major commercial airlines, second and third tier airlines, cargo carriers, 
regional and low cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional operators, private aircraft, 
military fleets and the U.S. and foreign governments as well as intergovernmental organizations. In our land segment, 
we offer fuel, lubricants, power and natural gas solutions through Kinect, our global energy management services 
platform,  and  related  products  and  services  to  customers  including  petroleum  distributors  operating  in  the  land 
transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and government customers. 
Our marine segment product and service offerings include fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad 
base of customers, including international container and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time charter 
operators, offshore rig owners and operators, the U.S. and foreign governments as well as other fuel suppliers. Within 
each of our segments we may enter into derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations and also 
to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs.

In our aviation and land segments, we primarily purchase and resell fuel and other products, and we do not act as 
brokers. Profit from our aviation and land segments is primarily determined by the volume and the gross profit achieved 
on fuel sales and a percentage of card payment and processing revenue. In our marine segment, we primarily purchase 
and resell fuel and also act as brokers for others. Profit from our marine segment is determined primarily by the volume 
and gross profit achieved on fuel resales and by the volume and commission rate of the brokering business. Profitability 
in our segments also depends on our operating expenses, which may be materially affected to the extent that we are 
required to provide for potential bad debt.

Corporate expenses are allocated to each segment based on usage, where possible, or on other factors according to 
the nature of the activity. We evaluate and manage our business segments using the performance measurement of 
income from operations.

The results of operations include the results of the fueling operations acquired from certain ExxonMobil affiliates in 
during 2017.

Selected financial information with respect to our business segments is provided in Note 13 to the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements included in this 2017 10 K Report.

Results of Operations

2017 compared to 2016
Revenue. Our revenue for 2017 was $33.7 billion, an increase of $6.7 billion, or 24.7%, as compared to 2016. Our 
revenue during these periods was attributable to the following segments (in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Total

2017
14,538.2 $
10,958.0
8,199.3
33,695.5 $

2016
10,914.4 $
8,918.8
7,182.5
27,015.8 $

$ Change

3,623.9
2,039.1
1,016.7
6,679.7

$

$

Revenues in our aviation segment were $14.5 billion for the year ended 2017, an increase of $3.6 billion, or 33.2% as 
compared to 2016. The increase in aviation revenues was driven by higher average jet fuel prices per gallon sold 
during  the year ended 2017, where the average price per gallon sold was $1.83, as compared to $1.53 in 2016. The 
overall increase in revenue was also driven by higher volumes from foreign military-related activity and our international 
fueling operations, where total volumes for the year ended 2017 were 7.9 billion gallons, an increase of 11.4%, as 
compared to 2016.

Revenues in our land segment were $11.0 billion for the year ended 2017, an increase of $2.0 billion, or 22.9%, as 
compared to 2016. The increase in land revenues primarily resulted from a higher average fuel price per gallon sold 
during the year ended 2017, where the average price per gallon sold was $1.84, as compared to $1.66 in 2016. The 
increase was also due to an increase in volumes from acquired businesses, where volumes for the year ended 2017
were 5.9 billion gallons, an increase of 10.7%, as compared to 2016.

30

Revenues in our marine segment were $8.2 billion for the year ended 2017, an increase of $1.0 billion, or 14.2%, as 
compared to 2016. The increase was driven primarily by a 34.8% increase in the average price per metric ton sold, 
to $308.88 for the year ended 2017, as compared to $229.2 in 2016. Volumes in our marine segment for the year 
ended 2017 were 26.5 million metric tons, a decrease of 4.8 million metric tons or 15.3%, as compared to 2016, driven 
principally by lower volumes in Asia.

Gross Profit. Our gross profit for 2017 was $932.2 million, an increase of $33.3 million, or 3.7%, as compared to 2016. 
Our gross profit was attributable to the following segments (in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Total

2017

2016

$ Change

$

$

440.5 $
365.8
126.0
932.2 $

401.0 $
348.5
149.5
899.0 $

39.5
17.3
(23.5)
33.3

Our aviation segment gross profit for the year ended 2017 was $440.5 million, an increase of $39.5 million, or 9.9%, 
as compared to 2016. The increase in aviation gross profit was due to increased activity from our government-related 
business, including certain spot government supply opportunities and increased volumes and profitability from our 
international fueling operations. These increases were partially offset by lower gross profit per gallon sold in our physical 
inventory business, as a result of unfavorable jet fuel price movements.

Our land segment gross profit for the year ended 2017 was $365.8 million, an increase of $17.3 million, or 5.0%, as 
compared to 2016. The increase in land segment gross profit was primarily driven by the benefit derived from recently 
acquired businesses, and were partially offset by continued lower profits from our supply and trading activities in North 
America.

Our marine segment gross profit for the year ended 2017 was $126.0 million, a decrease of $23.5 million, or 15.7%, 
as compared to 2016. Over the course of 2017, the marine segment continued to be adversely impacted by the 
prolonged weakness in the overall maritime industry, lower overall volumes and profitability in our core resale business, 
primarily in the Asia Pacific region, and our decision to exit certain markets, combined with further declines in profits 
from the sale of price risk management products globally.

Operating Expenses. Total operating expenses for 2017 were $886.6 million, an increase of $176.5 million, or 24.9%, 
as compared to 2016. The following table sets forth our expense categories (in millions):

Compensation and employee benefits
General and administrative
Goodwill and other impairments
Restructuring charges
Total

2017

2016

$ Change

$

$

428.2 $
306.9
91.9
59.6
886.6 $

413.3 $
296.8
—
—

710.1 $

14.9
10.1
91.9
59.6
176.5

The $14.9 million increase in compensation and employee benefits and the $10.1 million increase in general and 
administrative expenses was principally due to the inclusion of expenses of acquired businesses.

Goodwill and other impairments of $91.9 million were primarily attributable to the $72.3 million impairment of goodwill 
in our marine segment, $7.9 million associated with intangible assets, primarily customer relationships in both the 
marine and land segments, and certain impairments of property and equipment within our marine segment. The 
restructuring charges of $59.6 million were comprised primarily of costs associated with exiting two business activities, 
our railcar business and an underperforming capital-intensive distributor program. 

31

Income (loss) from Operations. Our income from operations for 2017 was $45.6 million, a decrease of $143.3 million, 
or 75.9%, as compared to 2016. Income from operations during these periods was attributable to the following segments 
(in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment

Corporate overhead - unallocated
Total

2017

2016

$ Change

192.9 $

(7.9)
(57.8)
127.2
81.6
45.6 $

160.5 $
70.8
30.2
261.5
72.7
188.9 $

32.4
(78.8)
(88.1)
(134.4)
8.9
(143.3)

$

$

Our income from operations, including unallocated corporate overhead, for the year ended 2017 was $45.6 million, a 
decrease  of  $143.3  million  as  compared  to  2016. The  decline  was  primarily  attributable  to  our  marine  and  land 
segments, specifically as a result of the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and the restructuring charges recorded 
in 2017. In our marine segment, loss from operations for the year ended 2017 was $57.8 million, a decrease of $88.1 
million as compared to 2016. Our marine segment continued to be adversely impacted by the prolonged weakness in 
the overall maritime industry. Limited fuel price volatility continued to result in decreased demand for our price risk 
management offerings. The lower fuel price environment resulted in lower overall unit margins in 2017 as compared 
to 2016. In our land segment, loss from operations for the year ended 2017 was $7.9 million, a decrease of $78.8 
million as compared to 2016. Our land segment continued to be adversely impacted by lower profits from our supply 
and trading activities in North America, as well as increased acquisition-related costs that were directly attributable to 
our acquired businesses. The declines in our income from operations in our marine and land segments were partially 
offset by an increase in our aviation segment of $32.4 million, or 20.2%, where our aviation segment benefited from 
increased  profitability  from  our  government-related  business,  and  increased  volumes  and  profitability  from  our 
international fueling operations.

Non-Operating Expenses, net. We had non-operating expenses, net of $66.7 million and $46.7 million, for the year 
ended 2017 and 2016, respectively, driven principally by higher average borrowings, fees associated with our receivable 
purchase program and interest rates. 

Income Taxes. For the year ended 2017, our effective income tax rate was (707.1)% and our income tax provision 
was $149.2 million, as compared to an effective income tax rate of 11.0% and an income tax provision of $15.7 million
in 2016. The higher effective income tax rate for 2017, as compared to 2016, resulted principally from the effects of 
the Tax Act's $143.7 million one-time transition tax on historical accumulated foreign earnings. Without the one-time 
tax charge, the effective tax rate for 2017 would have been (25.9)%. 

As a result of the Tax Act, we recorded an income tax charge of $157.4 million, payable over eight years, which includes 
the $143.7 million one-time transition tax. As we intend to use our U.S. net operating losses, we expect to only pay 
approximately $100.0 million over the eight-year period.

Net Loss and Diluted Earnings per Common Share. Our net loss for the year ended 2017 was $170.2 million as 
compared to net income of $126.5 million in 2016. Diluted loss per common share for the year ended 2017 was $2.50
per common share as compared to diluted earnings per common share of $1.81 in 2016.

2016 compared to 2015
Revenue. Our revenue for 2016 was $27.0 billion, a decrease of $3.4 billion, or 11.1%, as compared to 2015. Our 
revenue during these periods was attributable to the following segments (in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Total

2016
10,914.4 $
8,918.8
7,182.5
27,015.8 $

2015
11,739.8 $
9,274.3
9,367.2
30,381.4 $

$ Change

(825.4)
(355.5)
(2,184.7)
(3,365.6)

$

$

32

Revenues in our aviation segment were $10.9 billion for the year ended 2016, a decrease of $0.8 billion, or 7.0% as 
compared to 2015. The decline in aviation revenues was driven by lower average jet fuel prices per gallon sold during 
the year ended 2016, where the average price per gallon sold was $1.53, as compared to $1.85 in 2015. The overall 
decline attributable to jet fuel prices was partially offset by increased volume, where volumes for the year ended 2016 
were 7.1 billion gallons, an increase of 12.4%, as compared to 2015.

Revenues in our land segment were $8.9 billion for the year ended 2016, a decrease of $0.4 billion, or 3.8%, as 
compared to 2015. The decline in land revenues primarily resulted from a lower average fuel price per gallon sold 
during the year ended 2016, where the average price per gallon sold was $1.66, as compared to $1.88 in 2015.  The 
overall decline was partially offset by an increase in volumes from new customers and acquired businesses, where 
volumes for the year ended 2016 were 5.4 billion gallons, an increase of $433.2 million, or 8.8%, as compared to 2015.

Revenues in our marine segment were $7.2 billion for the year ended 2016, a decrease of $2.2 billion, or 23.3%, as 
compared to 2015. The decrease was driven primarily by a 20.1% decline in the average price per metric ton sold, to 
$229.17 for the year ended 2016, as compared to $286.9 in 2015. Volumes in our marine segment for the year ended 
2016 were 31.4 million metric tons, a decrease of 1.3 million metric tons or 4.0%, as compared to 2015.

Gross Profit. Our gross profit for 2016 was $899.0 million, an increase of $38.0 million, or 4.4%, as compared to 2015. 
Our gross profit during these periods was attributable to the following segments (in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Total

2016

2015

$ Change

$

$

401.0 $
348.5
149.5
899.0 $

361.9 $
309.5
189.6
861.0 $

39.1
39.0
(40.1)
38.0

Our aviation segment gross profit for the year ended 2016 was $401.0 million, an increase of $39.1 million, or 10.8%, 
as compared to 2015. The increase in aviation gross profit was due to increased volume attributable to the core resale 
business in North America and Europe, as well as increased activity in our U.S. and foreign military-related businesses.

Our land segment gross profit for the year ended 2016 was $348.5 million, an increase of $39.0 million, or 12.6%, as 
compared to 2015. The increase in land segment gross profit was primarily driven by recently acquired businesses, 
including PAPCO, APP and acquisitions in Kinect, our global energy management services business. Increases in our 
land segment were partially offset by lower demand in the U.K. due to unseasonably warm weather conditions. 

Our marine segment gross profit for the year ended 2016 was $149.5 million, a decrease of $40.1 million, or 21.1%, 
as compared to 2015. The marine segment continued to be adversely impacted by the prolonged weakness in the 
overall maritime industry. The lower fuel price environment combined with lower price volatility, led to decreased demand 
for our price risk management offerings, which contributed to lower overall unit margins.

Operating Expenses. Total operating expenses for 2016 were $710.1 million, an increase of $94.8 million, or 15.4%, 
as compared to 2015. The following table sets forth our expense categories (in millions):

Compensation and employee benefits
Provision for bad debt
General and administrative
Total

2016

2015

$ Change

$

$

413.3 $
15.4
281.4
710.1 $

365.8 $

7.5
242.1
615.3 $

47.5
8.0
39.3
94.8

Of the $47.5 million increase in compensation and employee benefits, $29.4 million was due to expenses related to 
acquired businesses and $18.1 million was due to compensation for new hires to support our growing global business. 
The $39.3 million increase in general and administrative expenses was principally due to expenses related to acquired 
businesses.

33

Income from Operations. Our income from operations for 2016 was $188.9 million, a decrease of $56.8 million, or 
23.1%, as compared to 2015. Income from operations during these periods was attributable to the following segments 
(in millions):

Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment

Corporate overhead - unallocated
Total

2016

2015

$ Change

$

$

160.5 $
70.8
30.2
261.5
72.7
188.9 $

132.2 $
101.4
73.0
306.5
60.9
245.7 $

28.3
(30.6)
(42.7)
(45.0)
11.8
(56.8)

Our income from operations, including unallocated corporate overhead, for the year ended 2016 was $188.9 million, 
a decrease of $56.8 million, or 23.1%, as compared to 2015.  The decline was attributable to our marine segment and 
our land segment. In our marine segment, income from operations for the year ended 2016 was $30.2 million, a 
decrease of $42.7 million, or 58.6%, as compared to 2015. Our marine segment continued to be adversely impacted 
by the prolonged weakness in the overall maritime industry. The lower fuel price environment, combined with lower 
price volatility and to a lesser extent, increased competition, led to decreased demand for our price risk management 
offerings and lower overall unit margins in 2016 as compared to 2015. In addition, certain large marine customers 
experienced financial challenges, which created disruption and resulted in lower sales to such customers. In our land 
segment, income from operations for the year ended 2016 was $70.8 million, a decrease of $30.6 million, or 30.1%
as compared to 2015 due to the higher compensation expenses and increased amortization expenses related to 
acquired businesses. The declines in our income from operations in our marine and land segments were partially offset 
by increases in our aviation segment of $28.3 million, or 21.4%, where our aviation segment benefited from increased 
volume attributable to our core resale business in North America and Europe, and increased activity in our U.S. and 
foreign military-related businesses.

Non-Operating Expenses, net. We had non-operating expenses, net of $46.7 million and $27.9 million, for the year 
ended 2016 and 2015, respectively. Increased debt costs of $8.8 million resulted from higher average borrowings in 
2016 as compared to 2015. Also, in connection with the December 2016 bankruptcy filing of our former joint venture 
partner, we wrote off approximately $7.5 million of outstanding amounts owed to us, during the three months ended 
December 31, 2016. These expenses were offset by a $4.4 million positive change related to foreign currency exchange 
during 2016 as compared to 2015.

Income Taxes. For the year ended 2016, our effective income tax rate was 11.0% and our income tax provision was 
$15.7 million, as compared to an effective income tax rate of 21.7% and an income tax provision of $47.2 million in 
2015. The lower effective income tax rate for 2016, as compared to 2015, resulted principally from differences in the 
results of our subsidiaries in tax jurisdictions with different income tax rates.

Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Common Share. Our net income for the year ended 2016 was $126.5 million, a 
decrease of $48.0 million, or 27.5%, as compared to 2015. Diluted earnings per common share for the year ended 
2016 was $1.81 per common share, a decrease of $0.66 per common share, or 26.7%, as compared to 2015.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flows
The following table reflects the major categories of cash flows for 2017, 2016 and 2015. For additional details, please 
see the consolidated statements of cash flows in the consolidated financial statements.

Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by financing activities

$

2017

2016

2015

205.2 $
(180.1)
(361.6)

205.2 $
(428.5)
340.9

447.5
(144.8)
(17.0)

34

2017 compared to 2016
Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was $205.2 million in each 2016 and 2017. Cash flows 
related to cash collateral with financial counterparties decreased $175.9 million as a result of reduced hedging activity. 
This change was offset by increased cash flows from net accounts receivable and accounts payable balances, which 
were $168.0 million higher primarily as a result of higher fuel prices during 2017, as compared to 2016. Operating 
cash flow impact of the year over year net income decrease of $296.7 million was primarily offset by increased income 
taxes payable and deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the Tax Act, including the one-time transition tax on 
accumulated foreign earnings recorded in 2017 and the non-cash operating expenses related to the goodwill and other 
impairment charges recorded in 2017.

Investing Activities. For 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $180.1 million as compared to $428.5 million
for 2016. The $248.4 million decrease in cash used in investing activities was principally due to a decrease in the cash 
used for the acquisition of businesses in 2017 as compared to 2016. 

Financing Activities. For 2017, net cash used in financing activities was $361.6 million as compared to $340.9 million
net cash provided by financing activities for 2016. The $702.5 million change was principally due to a $684.7 million
decrease in net borrowing under our credit facility in 2017 as compared to 2016. This reduction in borrowing was 
facilitated by the ability to use foreign cash without incurring additional U.S. tax costs as a result of the recently enacted 
Tax Act.  Additionally, cash used for common stock repurchases increased $20.8 million in 2017 as compared to 2016.

2016 compared to 2015
Operating Activities. For 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $205.2 million as compared to $447.5 
million for 2015. The $242.2 million decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to year-over-year changes in 
assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions. Cash flows from changes in inventory resulted in a cash use of $130.9 million in 
2016 as  compared  to  2015,  primarily  as  a  result  of  additional  inventory  in  support  of  overall  volume  increases, 
specifically in our aviation and land segments. Additionally, cash flows from net accounts receivable and accounts 
payable balances, decreased $86.9 million primarily to fund the working capital needs of the aviation fueling business 
acquired.  In 2016, changes in short-term derivative assets provided cash of 163.7 million as compared to $81.5 million
in 2015. This $82.3 million positive cash flow change was offset by a $43.3 million negative cash flow change in short-
term derivative liabilities, reported within accrued expenses and other current liabilities, both of which primarily related 
to a decline in fuel prices.

Investing Activities. For 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $428.5 million as compared to $144.8 million
for 2015. The $283.7 million increase in cash used in investing activities was principally due to a increase in the cash 
used for the acquisition of businesses in 2016 as compared to 2015.

Financing Activities. For 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $340.9 million as compared to net cash 
used in financing activities of $17.0 million for 2015. The $357.9 million change was principally due to a $328.4 million
increase in net borrowing under our credit facility in 2016 as compared to 2015.

Other Liquidity Measures
Cash and Cash Equivalents. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $372.3 million
and $698.6 million, respectively. Our primary uses of cash and cash equivalents are to make strategic investments, 
primarily acquisitions, and to purchase inventory. We are provided unsecured trade credit by nearly all of our suppliers 
for our fuel purchases; however, a small number of suppliers require us to either prepay or provide a letter of credit. 
Increases in oil prices can negatively affect liquidity by increasing the amount of cash needed to fund fuel purchases 
as well as reducing the amount of fuel which we can purchase on an unsecured basis from our suppliers.

Credit Facility and Term Loans. As of December 31, 2017, our Credit Facility permitted us to borrow up to  $1.26 billion, 
with a sublimit of  $400.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances. We had outstanding 
borrowings under our Credit Facility totaling $60.0 million as of December 31, 2017 compared to $325.2 million as of 
December 31, 2016. Our issued letters of credit under the Credit Facility totaled $8.6 million as of December 31, 2017
compared to $8.3 million as of December 31, 2016. We also had $835.8 million in Term Loans outstanding as of 
December 31, 2017 compared to $840.0 million as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2017, the unused 
portion of our Credit Facility was $1,191.4 million compared to $926.5 million, as of December 31, 2016. Borrowings 
under our Credit Facility and Term Loans related to base rate loans or Eurodollar rate loans bear floating interest rates 
plus applicable margins. As of December 31, 2017, the applicable margins for base rate loans and Eurodollar rate
loans were 1.50% and 2.50%, respectively. Letters of credit issued under our Credit Facility are subject to letter of 

35

credit fees of 0.25% as of December 31, 2017, and the unused portion of our Credit Facility is subject to commitment 
fees of 0.35% as of December 31, 2017.

On January  30, 2018, we amended our Credit Facility and elected to prepay $300.0 million of our outstanding Term 
Loans and decrease the borrowing capacity of our Credit Facility to approximately $1.16 billion. The Credit Facility 
continues to have a sublimit of $400.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances and we 
have the right to request increases in available borrowings up to an additional $200.0 million, subject to the satisfaction 
of certain conditions. The Credit Facility matures in October 2021. 

Our liquidity, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and availability under the Credit Facility, fluctuates based on a 
number of factors, including the timing of receipts from our customers and payments to our suppliers as well as 
commodity prices. Availability under our Credit Facility is principally limited by the ratio of adjusted total debt to adjusted 
EBITDA, as defined in the agreement, which limits the total amount of indebtedness we may incur to not more than 
3.5 to 1. Accordingly, our availability under the Credit Facility may fluctuate from period to period.

Our Credit Facility and our Term Loans contain certain financial and other covenants with which we are required to 
comply. Our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our Credit Facility and our Term Loans could result in 
an event of default. An event of default, if not cured or waived, would permit acceleration of any outstanding indebtedness 
under the Credit Facility and our Term Loans, trigger cross defaults under certain other agreements to which we are 
a party and impair our ability to obtain working capital advances and issue letters of credit, which would have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As of December 31, 2017, 
we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants contained in our Credit Facility and our Term Loans.

Other  Credit  Lines  and  Receivables  Purchase Agreements.  Additionally,  we  have  other  uncommitted  credit  lines 
primarily  for  the  issuance  of  letters  of  credit,  bank  guarantees  and  bankers’  acceptances. These  credit  lines  are 
renewable on an annual basis and are subject to fees at market rates. As of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016, our outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees under these credit lines totaled $272.0 million and $176.5 
million, respectively. We also have Receivables Purchase Agreements (“RPAs”) that allow for the sale of our accounts 
receivable. We had sold accounts receivable of $377.3 million and $235.5 million under the RPAs, as of December 31, 
2017 and 2016, respectively.

Short-Term Debt. As of December 31, 2017, our short-term debt of $25.6 million primarily represents the current 
maturities (within the next twelve months) of Term Loan borrowings, certain promissory notes related to acquisitions 
and capital lease obligations.

ERP. We previously committed to undertake a multi-year project designed to drive greater improvement in operating 
efficiencies and optimize scalability, particularly when integrating future acquisitions. We planned to accomplish this 
in part by a global design and deployment of an upgrade to our existing ERP platform. We made certain provider 
determinations and completed design phases of the upgrade, and the overall costs incurred to date have not been 
material. Our digital transformation is predicated on bringing agility to business teams and driving improved operational 
performance  through  technology  solutions.  In  connection  with  our  recently  announced  restructuring  plan,  the 
organizational structure will be assessed and the ultimate solutions deployed by us will be geared towards facilitating 
an optimized and collaborative workforce, coupled with an exceptional experience to our customers and suppliers. 
These restructuring activities may have a material impact on our timing and overall expected cost of the project. If we 
fail to successfully implement the upgrade to our existing ERP platform, or other technology platforms we decide upon, 
or should we experience material delays, or fail to properly manage the project, our ability to grow our business could 
be adversely affected. Estimating the expected expenditures related to these activities is highly complex and is subject 
to variables that can materially change our costs. Should the actual costs exceed our estimates, our liquidity and 
results of operations could be adversely affected.

36

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2017 and available funds from our Credit Facility, 
together with cash flows generated by operations, remain sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure 
requirements for at least the next twelve months. In addition, to further enhance our liquidity profile, we may choose 
to raise additional funds which may or may not be needed for additional working capital, capital expenditures or other 
strategic investments. Our opinions concerning liquidity are based on currently available information. To the extent 
this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, future availability of trade credit or other sources 
of financing may be reduced and our liquidity would be adversely affected. Factors that may affect the availability of 
trade credit or other forms of financing include our financial performance (as measured by various factors, including 
cash provided by operating activities), the state of worldwide credit markets, and our levels of outstanding debt. 
Depending on the severity and direct impact of these factors on us, financing may be limited or unavailable on terms 
favorable to us.

Contractual Obligations and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
Our contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements are set forth below. For additional information on any 
of the following and other contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements, see Notes 8 and 9 in the notes 
to the consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this 2017 10 K Report.

Contractual Obligations
Debt and Interest Obligations. These obligations include principal and interest payments on fixed rate and variable rate, 
fixed term debt based on the expected payment dates.

Other Obligations. These obligations primarily consist of deferred compensation arrangements.

Unrecognized Income Tax Liabilities. As of December 31, 2017, our gross liabilities for unrecognized income tax 
benefits  (“Unrecognized  Tax  Liabilities”),  including  penalties  and  interest,  were  $72.6  million.  The  timing  of  any 
settlement of our Unrecognized Tax Liabilities with the respective taxing authority cannot be reasonably estimated.

As of December 31, 2017, our contractual obligations were as follows (in millions):

Debt and interest obligations
Operating lease obligations
Employment agreement obligations
Derivatives obligations
Purchase commitment obligations
Other obligations
Total

Total
1,011.0 $

$

165.2
0.9
64.2
516.4
20.9

$

1,842.8 $

< 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

> 5 years

51.8 $
39.7
0.9
57.6
502.2
10.2
719.9 $

147.2 $
56.7
—
6.7
14.2
9.0

240.4 $

809.9 $
36.4
—
—
—
1.3

847.6 $

2.0
32.4
—
—
—
0.5
34.9

 Additionally, we have certain purchase contracts, that run through 2026, under which we agreed to purchase annually 
between 1.72 million barrels and 2.00 million barrels of aviation fuel at future market prices.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees. In the normal course of business, we are required to provide letters of credit 
to certain suppliers. A majority of these letters of credit expire within one year from their issuance, and expired letters 
of credit are renewed as needed. 

As of December 31, 2017, we had issued letters of credit and bank guarantees totaling $280.6 million under our Credit 
Facility and other uncommitted credit lines. For additional information on our Credit Facility and other credit lines, see 
the discussion in “Liquidity and Capital Resources” above.

Surety Bonds. In the normal course of business, we are required to post bid, performance and other surety-related 
bonds. The majority of the surety bonds posted relate to our aviation and land segments. We had outstanding bonds 
that were executed in order to satisfy various security requirements of $44.6 million as of December 31, 2017.

37

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated 
financial statements included elsewhere in this 2017 10 K Report, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. 
GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets 
and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to unbilled revenue and related 
costs of sales, bad debt, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, certain accrued liabilities, and income taxes. We 
base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and 
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different 
assumptions or conditions.

We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of 
operations. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other significant accounting policies, see Note 1 
to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in this 2017 10-K Report.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Bad Debt
Our accounts receivables credit terms are generally 30-60 days. Accounts receivable balances that are not paid within 
the terms of the sales agreement are generally subject to finance fees, based on the outstanding balance.  Credit 
extension, monitoring and collection are performed for each of our business segments. Each business segment has 
a  credit  function  that  is  responsible  for  establishing  credit  limits  and  approving  limits  above  previously  approved 
amounts, and managing the overall quality of the credit portfolio. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers 
and adjust credit limits based upon payment history and the customer’s current creditworthiness, as determined by 
our review of our customer’s credit information. We extend credit on an unsecured basis to most of our customers. 
Accounts receivable are deemed past due based on contractual terms agreed to with our customers. Although we 
analyze customers’ payment history and creditworthiness, we cannot predict with certainty that the customers to whom 
we extend credit will be able to remit payments on a timely basis, or at all. Because we extend credit on an unsecured 
basis to most of our customers, there is a possibility that any accounts receivable not collected will ultimately need to 
be written off. Write-offs for the year ended December 31, 2017 did not have a material impact on our consolidated 
statement of operations.

We continuously monitor the composition of accounts receivable, collections and payments from our customers and 
maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon our historical experience with our customers, current 
market and industry conditions affecting our customers and any specific customer collection issues that we have 
identified. Principally based on these factors, an internally derived risk-based reserve is established on a quarterly 
basis. In addition to a risk-based reserve, a specific reserve is established for certain customers, based on customer 
receivable  balances,  overall  exposure,  payment  history,  current  and  expected  market  conditions,  business 
developments, and other factors that influence the likelihood of collectability.

Historical payment trends may not be an accurate indicator of current or future credit worthiness of our customers, 
particularly in difficult economic and financial markets. As a result of the limited predictability inherent in estimating 
which customers are less likely or unlikely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may 
not be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for estimated credit losses would have 
an adverse effect on our results of operations.  If credit losses exceed established allowances, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. For additional information on the credit risks 
inherent in our business, see “Item 1A – Risk Factors” in this 2017 10 K Report.

Inventories
Inventories are valued primarily using weighted average cost, and first-in first-out in certain limited locations, and are 
stated at the lower of average cost and net realizable value. We utilize a variety of fuel indices and other indicators of 
market value. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in reduction of our inventory valuation, which could 
have an adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment. Historically, these 
adjustments have not had a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations. Components of inventory 
include fuel purchase costs, the related transportation costs and changes in the estimated fair market values for 
inventories included in a fair value hedge relationship.

38

Business Combinations
We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price 
of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using the fair values determined by 
management as of the acquisition date. We calculate the fair value based on the present value of estimated future 
cash flows. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at the time, acquisition-
related costs incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.  

Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets
Goodwill arises because the purchase price paid reflects numerous factors, including the strategic fit and expected 
synergies these acquisitions bring to our existing operations. Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is reviewed at least 
annually at year-end (or more frequently under certain circumstances) for impairment.

Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level and is initially based on an assessment of qualitative 
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any individual reporting unit is less than its 
carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include a material adverse change in the markets where we 
operate, similar to the current conditions within the shipping and offshore markets, limited market volatility, which 
adversely impact our supply and trading activities, among others.  

To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we would compare the fair value of the reporting units to which goodwill 
was assigned to their respective carrying values to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. In calculating 
fair value, we use a combination of both an income and market approach as our primary indicator of fair value. Under 
the market approach we use a selection of global companies that correspond to each reporting unit to derive a market-
based multiple.  Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value 
of estimated future cash flows. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at 
the time, including our annual operating plan, which is completed annually during the fourth quarter and is approved 
by our Board of Directors. Our estimates are considered supportable assumptions that we believe are reasonable 
based on information available to us at that time, and are based on a number of factors including industry experience, 
internal  benchmarks  and  the  economic  environment.  Our  cash  flow  estimates  are  discounted  using  rates  that 
correspond to a weighted-average cost of capital consistent with those used internally for investment decisions.  

If our annual operating plan is not achieved or if there are other variations to our estimates and assumptions, particularly 
in the expected growth rates and profitability embedded in our cash flow projections or the discount rate used, there 
is the potential for a partial or total impairment of the carrying amount of goodwill within one or more of our reporting 
units. If we are required to impair all or a substantial amount of the goodwill attributable to one or more of our reporting 
units, our financial results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

In connection with our acquisitions, we record identifiable intangible assets at fair value. The determination of the fair 
values  of  our  identifiable  intangible  assets  involves  a  significant  amount  of  forecasting  and  other  assumptions 
associated with recently acquired businesses for which we may not have as much historical information or trend data 
as we would for our existing businesses. Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized over their 
estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess identifiable intangible assets not subject to 
amortization during the fourth quarter of each year for potential impairment. Our impairment analysis of our intangible 
assets not subject to amortization (primarily trademarks and/or trade names) generally involves the use of qualitative 
and quantitative analyses to estimate whether the estimated future cash flows generated as a result of these assets 
will be greater than or equal to the carrying value assigned to such assets. 

Revenue Recognition
We execute contracts with customers through a variety of methods including by executing a master supply or blanket 
sales agreement combined with a purchase order or delivery ticket, stand-alone contracts, or through spot transactions 
where fuel is delivered for immediate settlement. Our contracts primarily require us to deliver fuel and fuel-related 
products, while other arrangements require us to complete agreed-upon services.  Our contracts may contain fixed 
or variable pricing or some combination of those. 

The majority of our consolidated revenues are generated through the sale of fuel and fuel-related products.  Revenue 
from the sale of fuel is recognized when delivery is made to our customers and title has passed, the sales price is 
determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

39

Our fuel sales are generated as a fuel reseller as well as from inventory supply. When acting as a fuel reseller, we 
generally purchase fuel from the supplier, and contemporaneously resell the fuel to the customer, normally taking 
delivery for purchased fuel at the same place and time as the delivery is made to the customer. 

Revenue from services, including energy procurement advisory services and international trip planning support, and 
transaction and payment management processing, are recognized over the contract period when services have been 
performed and we have the right to invoice for those services. 

We record fuel sales and services on a gross basis as we generally take inventory risk, have latitude in establishing 
the sales price, have discretion in the supplier selection, maintain credit risk and are the primary obligor in the sales 
arrangement.

Whether the services have been performed and when title and risk of loss passes to the customer are the factors we 
take into consideration in deciding when to recognize revenue. These factors are readily determinable and consistently 
applied throughout our business. Therefore, we generally have not needed to make material estimates or assumptions 
with respect to revenue recognition.

Income Taxes
On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Tax Act.  This legislation will significantly change the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, 
reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a 
territorial tax system, GILTI, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-
owned  foreign  corporations,  and  introducing  certain  base  erosion  and  anti-abuse  minimum  tax  provisions.  The 
legislation is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as 
well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, 
any of which could increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. 

Because of the complexity of the GILTI tax rules effective in 2018, we continue to evaluate this provision of the Tax 
Act and the application of ASC 740, Income Taxes.  Under US GAAP, we are allowed to make an accounting policy 
choice of either (1) treating taxes due on future US GILTI inclusions as a current period expense when incurred (the 
"period cost method") or (2) factoring such amounts into our measurement of our deferred taxes (the "deferred method"). 
Our selection of an accounting policy with respect to the new GILTI tax rules will depend, in part, on analyzing our 
global income and our global structure to determine whether we expect to have future U.S. inclusions in taxable income 
related to GILTI and the impacts thereof.  We are currently analyzing this provision and have not made any adjustment 
related to potential GILTI tax in our financial statements and have not made a policy decision regarding whether to 
record deferred tax on GILTI since a reasonable amount cannot be determined.

The changes included in the Tax Act are broad and complex. The final transition impacts of the Tax Act may differ from 
those recorded as of December 31, 2017, possibly materially, due in part to changes in interpretations of the Tax Act, 
any legislative action to address questions that arise as a result of the Tax Act, any changes in accounting standards 
for income taxes or related interpretations in response to the Tax Act, or any other updates to current tax estimates 
that may be required.  In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 regarding the application of  ASC Topic 
740, Income Taxes, we anticipate that we will finalize our provisional estimates and determine the impact of any 
potential deferred tax related to GILTI during the measurement period and will reflect any necessary changes to those 
estimates in subsequent periods.  Any material revisions in our computations could adversely affect our financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Information  regarding  accounting  standards  adopted  during  2017  is  included  in  Note 1  to  the  accompanying 
consolidated financial statements included in this 2017 10 K Report.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Revenue Recognition (Topic 606): Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In May 2014, ASU 2014-09 was issued. 
Under this ASU and subsequently issued amendments, an entity is required to recognize the amount of revenue it 
expects to be entitled to for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The updated standard will replace 
most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP. This ASU provides alternative methods of transition, a full 
retrospective and a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach would result in recognition 
of the cumulative impact of a retrospective application as of the beginning of the period of initial application, which in 
our case is the period beginning January 1, 2018.

40

In preparation for adoption, we initially developed a cross-functional team and utilized a third-party service provider to 
assist us throughout our evaluation. In addition, we factored in the adoption into our ongoing enterprise resource 
planning platform upgrade, which we previously committed to perform.

We have completed our review of a representative sample of contracts across each of our revenue streams. Through 
this process, we have made determinations on how our revenue streams will be accounted for after adoption, concluding 
that we will have similar performance obligations and timing of revenue recognition under ASC 606, as compared to 
those prior to adoption.   

As a result of completing these activities, we have prepared and made accessible internally our revenue recognition 
policy,  which  captures  those  decisions.  We  conducted  an  initial  training  that  was  distributed  to  our  finance  and 
accounting organization and we are in the process of training our commercial and operational teams on the relevant 
facets of our revenue recognition policy. We execute contracts with customers through a variety of methods including 
by executing a master supply or blanket sales agreement combined with a purchase order, stand-alone contracts, or 
through spot transactions where fuel is delivered for immediate settlement. An important aspect of adoption is the 
design of our contract management review process and its impact on the control environment.  The ongoing training 
activities will also serve as a platform to communicate certain process changes associated with our contract review 
process.

We have selected the modified retrospective adoption approach, and there is no cumulative adjustment that would 
impact our financial statements materially.  We anticipate certain disclosure changes, specifically as it relates to the 
financial statement line items where certain costs are recorded.  Accordingly, the adoption of the new standard will 
not have a material impact on our financial statements after adoption.

Leases (Topic 842). In February 2016, ASU 2016-02, Leases, was issued. This standard will require all lessees to 
recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, except for leases with durations that are less 
than twelve months. This standard is effective at the beginning of our 2019 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating 
whether the adoption of this new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and 
related disclosures.

Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. In August 2016 
ASU 2016-15 was issued. The ASU provides guidance on classification of eight specific cash flows items. This standard 
is effective at the beginning of our 2018 fiscal year. We do not believe the adoption of this new guidance will have a 
material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business. In January 2017, ASU 2017-01 was issued. 
The update clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating 
whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of businesses. This standard is effective 
at the beginning of our 2018 fiscal year. We do not believe the adoption of this new guidance will have a material 
impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. In August 2017, 
ASU 2017-12 was issued. The ASU is targeted at simplifying the application of hedge accounting and is effective at 
the beginning of our 2019 fiscal year. The amended guidance aims at aligning the recognition and presentation of the 
effects of hedge instruments and hedge items. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of this new guidance 
will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

41

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Derivative and Financial Instruments Market Risk

We use commodity-based derivative contracts and financial instruments, when we deem it appropriate, to manage 
the  risks  associated  with  changes  in  the  prices  of  fuel  and  fuel-related  products,  fluctuations  in  foreign  currency 
exchange  rates  and  interest  rates,  or  to  capture  market  opportunities.  We  utilize  hedge  accounting  and  formally 
designate certain of our derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. Derivative instruments that 
are not designated are considered non-designated hedges and are designed to achieve an economic offset of the 
underlying price risk exposure. Financial instruments and positions affecting our financial statements are described 
below and are held primarily for hedging purposes. As a result, any changes in income associated with our derivatives 
contracts are substantially offset by corresponding changes in the value of the underlying risk being mitigated.

Commodity Price Risk 
Our commercial business segments use derivative instruments, primarily futures, forward, swap, and option contracts, 
in various markets to manage price risk inherent in the purchase and sale of fuel. Certain of these derivative instruments 
are utilized to mitigate the risk of price volatility in forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge relationship, and to 
mitigate the risk of changes in the price of  our inventory  in a fair value hedge relationship. In addition, we use derivatives 
as economic hedges or to optimize the value of our fuel inventory to capitalize on anticipated market opportunities. As 
of  December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016, the notional and fair market values of our commodity-based derivative 
instruments position were as follows (in millions, except weighted average contract price):

Commodity Contracts (In millions of BBL)

As of December, 31 2017

As of December, 31 2016

Hedge Strategy

Derivative
Instrument

Settlement

Period

Notional 
Net 
Long/
(Short)

Weighted 
Average 
Contract 

Price

Fair 
Value
Amount

Notional 
Net 
Long/
(Short)

Weighted 
Average 
Contract 

Price

Fair 
Value
Amount

Designated
hedge

Commodity
contracts hedging
inventory

2017
2018

— $

— $

(4.2)

77.808

Non-designated
hedge

Commodity
contracts

2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Thereafter

—
(3.0)
(1.3)
(0.7)
(0.1)
(0.2)

—
31.774
13.847
11.149
2.135
1.206

Total commodity derivative contracts

$

—
(41.0)

(41.0)

—
15.9
3.1
1.5
—
0.1
20.7
(20.3)

(3.2) $ 68.459 $
(1.0)

69.559

(10.7)
(5.0)

54.660
0.1
0.2
62.461
— 71.250
— 17.080
 —
4.340
—
—

(15.7)

13.9
5.5
0.7
0.6
0.1
—
20.8
5.1

$

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
We hedge our exposure to currency exchange rate changes, such as foreign-currency-denominated trade receivables, 
payables, or local currency tax payments. The foreign currency exchange rate risk results primarily from our international 
operations and is economically hedged using forward and swap contracts. The changes in the fair value of these 
foreign currency exchange derivatives are recorded in earnings. Since the gains or losses on the forward and swap 
contracts are substantially offset by the gains or losses from remeasuring the hedged foreign-currency-denominated 
exposure, we do not believe that a hypothetical 10% change in exchange rates at December 31, 2017 would have a 
material impact on our income from operations.

42

The foreign currency denominated notionals and fair values in U.S. dollars of our exposures from our foreign currency 
exchange derivatives at December 31, 2017 were primarily related to the following (in millions, except weighted average 
contract price):

Settlement Period

Unit

Notional 

Net Long/(Short)

Weighted Average

Contract Price

Fair Value
Amount

As of December, 31 2017

2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
2019
Total foreign currency exchange derivative contracts

CAD
CLP
DKK
EUR
GBP
KRW
MXN
NOK
PLN
EUR

(60.0)
(2,427.2)
(41.5)
(65.6)
(4.3)
(3,073.3)
(684.3)
(55.6)
(8.6)
(2.5)

1.252
631.619
6.290
1.182
1.328
1,136.582
19.109
8.030
3.626
1.143

$

$

0.4
(0.1)
(0.1)
(1.5)
(0.5)
(0.2)
1.6
0.5
(0.1)
(0.2)
(0.2)

The total fair value of these contracts at December 31, 2017 is $0.2 million, and will be settled in 2019. At December 31, 
2016, the fair value of our foreign currency exchange derivatives was $9.6 million, the majority of which settled in 2017. 
Refer to Note 4 for additional details.

Interest Rate
Borrowings under our Credit Facility and Term Loans related to base rate loans or Eurodollar rate loans bear floating 
interest rates plus applicable margins. As of December 31, 2017, the applicable margins for base rate loans and 
Eurodollar rate loans were 1.50% and 2.50%, respectively.  As of December 31, 2017, we had outstanding borrowings 
under our Credit Facility totaling $60.0 million and $835.8 million in Term Loans. As of December 31, 2017, the aggregate 
outstanding balance of our capital lease obligations was $10.4 million which bear interest at annual rates ranging from 
3.0% to 6.3%. Our remaining outstanding debt of $4.0 million as of December 31, 2017 primarily relates to acquisition 
promissory notes and loans payable to noncontrolling shareholders of a consolidated subsidiary which are payable in 
varying amounts throughout 2018 and bear interest at annual rates ranging from 3.5% to 8.6%.The weighted average 
interest rate on our short term debt was 2.7% as of December 31, 2017. A 1.0% fluctuation in the interest rate on our 
outstanding debt would result in a $9.0 million change in interest expense during the next twelve months.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The financial statements, together with the report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated February 28, 2018, 
and the Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited), are set forth in Item 15 of this 2017 10 K Report.

Item 9.  Changes  in  and  Disagreements  with Accountants  on Accounting  and  Financial 
Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed 
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within 
the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated 
to  our  management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  (“CEO”)  and  our  Chief  Financial  Officer  (“CFO”),  as 
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure.

43

As of the end of the period covered by this report, we evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of 
our CEO and CFO, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant 
to Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(e). Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls 
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2017.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as 
such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed 
to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our 
assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that 
receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; 
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use 
or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017
using the framework specified in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such assessment, management has concluded that 
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. 

The  effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December 31,  2017  has  been  audited  by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing 
herein.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely 
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2017.

It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system 
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent 
limitations of control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their 
goals under all potential future conditions.

Item 9B. Other Information

None.

44

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers (including our principal executive, 
financial  and  accounting  officers)  and  directors.  The  Code  of  Conduct  is  located  on  our  website  at  http://
www.wfscorp.com under “Investor Relations – Corporate Governance – Code of Conduct.” We intend to disclose any 
amendments to our Code of Conduct or waivers with respect to our Code of Conduct granted to our principal executive, 
financial and accounting officers on our website.

The remaining information regarding our directors, executive officers and corporate governance is incorporated herein 
by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“2018 Proxy”) to be 
filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information on executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference from our 2018 Proxy to be filed pursuant 
to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Shareholder Matters

Information on security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related shareholder matters is 
incorporated herein by reference from our 2018 Proxy to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the 
close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information on certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by 
reference from our 2018 Proxy to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2017.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Information on principal accounting fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from our 2018 Proxy to be 
filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017.

45

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1)

(i)(cid:3) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm(cid:3)
(ii)(cid:3) Consolidated Balance Sheets(cid:3)
(iii)(cid:3) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income(cid:3)
(iv)(cid:3) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity(cid:3)
(v)(cid:3) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows(cid:3)
(vi)(cid:3) (cid:49)otes to the Consolidated Financial Statements(cid:3)(cid:3)

49(cid:3)
51(cid:3)
52(cid:3)
53(cid:3)
54(cid:3)
56

(a)(2) Consolidated financial statement schedules have been omitted either because the required information is

set forth in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto, or the information called for is not
required.
The exhibits set forth in the following index of exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of

(b)

46

Exhibit No.
3.1

3.2

3.3

10.1

10.2

10.3

10.4

10.5

10.6

10.7

10.8

10.9

10.10

10.11

10.12

10.13

10.14

10.15

10.16

10.17
10.18

10.19

10.20

    Description
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 99.2 to our Current Report 
on Form 8 K filed on February 3, 2005).
 Articles  of  Amendment  to  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  (incorporated  by  reference  herein  to 
Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8 K filed on November 23, 2009).
 By Laws, amended and restated as of August 26, 2011 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 
to our Current Report on Form 8 K filed on August 29, 2011).
 Agreement between World Fuel Services Corporation and Michael J. Kasbar, dated March 14, 2008 
(incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8 K filed on March 20, 
2008). *
 Amendment No. 1, dated August 26, 2011, to Agreement between World Fuel Services Corporation and 
Michael J. Kasbar (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8 K 
filed on August 29, 2011). *
 Amendment No. 2, dated April 9, 2012, to Agreement between World Fuel Services Corporation and 
Michael J. Kasbar (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8 K 
filed on April 13, 2012). *
 Amendment No. 3, dated April 11, 2014, to Agreement between World Fuel Services Corporation and 
Michael J. Kasbar (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8 K 
filed on April 11, 2014). *
 Executive  Severance Agreement between  World Fuel  Services  Corporation  and  Ira  M.  Birns,  dated 
April 16, 2007 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8 K filed 
on April 16, 2007). *
World Fuel Services Corporation Executive Severance Policy, effective as of December 31, 2016
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2017 filed on July 28, 2017). *
2006 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement 
on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 27, 2009). *
2016 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-
K filed on June 2, 2016). *
Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan
and 2016 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.24 to our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on February 16, 2016). *
Form of Named Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus
Plan. *
Form of Named Executive Officer Long-Term Incentive Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 
2006  Omnibus  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  herein  to  Exhibit 10.1  to  our  Quarterly  Report  on 
Form 10 Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 filed on July 30, 2015). *
Form of Named Executive Officer 2017 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under 
the 2016 Omnibus Plan. *
Form  of  Named  Executive  Officer  2017  Performance-Based  Stock-Settled  Stock Appreciation Right 
Agreement under the 2016 Omnibus Plan. *
Form of Michael J. Kasbar Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 2006 and 2016 Omnibus
Plan. *
Form of Michael J. Kasbar Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus 
Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2014 filed on July 30, 2014). *
Form of Michael J. Kasbar Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (3-year Cliff Vesting)
under the 2006 Omnibus Plan and 2016 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit
10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on February 21,
2017). *
Form of Ira M. Birns Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 2006 and 2016 Omnibus Plan. *
Form of Ira M. Birns Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan
(incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2014 filed on July 30, 2014). *
Form  of  Michael  J.  Kasbar  and  Ira  M.  Birns  2016  Performance-Based  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Grant 
Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed on February 21, 2017). *
Form  of  Michael  J.  Crosby  and  John  P.  Rau  2015  Performance-Based  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Grant 
Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 filed on July 28, 2017). *

47

Exhibit No.
10.21

10.22

10.23

10.24

10.25

10.26

10.27

10.28

10.29

10.30

21.1
23.1
31.1
31.2
32.1

101

    Description
Form  of  Michael  J.  Crosby  and  John  P. Rau  2016  Performance-Based  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Grant 
Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan. *
Form of Michael J. Crosby and John P. Rau Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus 
Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2017 filed on July 28, 2017). *
Form of John P. Rau Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the 2006 Omnibus Plan (incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 
2017 filed on July 28, 2017). *
Form of Michael J. Crosby and John P. Rau Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the 2006 
Omnibus Plan. *
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2017, between 
World Fuel Services Corporation and Jeffrey P. Smith. *
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2013, among World Fuel 
Services Corporation, World Fuel Services Europe, Ltd. and World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, 
as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the financial institutions named therein 
as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 
October 11, 2013). *
Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and Joinder Agreement, 
dated as of January 30, 2015, among World Fuel Services Corporation, World Fuel Services Europe, 
Ltd. and World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative 
agent, and the financial institutions named therein as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2015).
Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and Joinder Agreement, 
dated as of October 26, 2016, among World Fuel Services Corporation, World Fuel Services Europe, 
Ltd. and World Fuel Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative 
agent, and the financial institutions named therein as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2016).
Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2017, 
among World Fuel Services Corporation, World Fuel Services Europe, Ltd. and World Fuel Services 
(Singapore) Pte Ltd, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the financial 
institutions named therein as lenders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 filed on July 28, 2017).
Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as January 30, 
2018, among World Fuel Services Corporation, World Fuel Services Europe, Ltd. and World Fuel 
Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, as borrowers, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the 
financial institutions named therein as lenders.
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or Rule 15d 14(a).
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or Rule 15d 14(a).
 Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley 
Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350).
 The following materials from World Fuel Services Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year 
ended  December  31,  2017,  formatted  in  XBRL  (Extensible  Business  Reporting  Language); 
(i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income,
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and
(v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

* Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this form,
pursuant to Item 15(b).

48

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of World Fuel Services Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  World  Fuel  Services  Corporation  and  its 
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive 
income, of shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, 
including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have audited 
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO).  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, and the results of their operations 
and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all 
material  respects,  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December 31,  2017,  based  on  criteria 
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective 
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. 
Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public 
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to 
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of 
material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting 
was maintained in all material respects.  

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks.  Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles 
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included 
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide 
a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect 
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions 
are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (iii) provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding 

49

prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Certified Public Accountants
Miami, Florida
February 28, 2018

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. 

50

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except per share data)

Assets:
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts receivable, net
Inventories
Prepaid expenses
Short-term derivative assets, net
Other current assets
Total current assets
Property and equipment, net
Goodwill
Identifiable intangible and other non-current assets
Total assets
Liabilities:
Current liabilities:
Current maturities of long-term debt and capital leases
Accounts payable
Customer deposits
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Long-term debt
Non-current income tax liabilities, net
Other long-term liabilities
Total liabilities
Commitments and contingencies
Equity:
World Fuel shareholders' equity:
Preferred stock, $1.00 par value; 0.1 shares authorized, none issued
Common stock, $0.01 par value; 100.0 shares authorized, 67.7 and 69.9
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
respectively
Capital in excess of par value
Retained earnings
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Total World Fuel shareholders' equity
Noncontrolling interest
Total equity
Total liabilities and equity

$

$

$

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

372.3 $

2,705.6
505.0
64.4
51.1
241.9
3,940.4
329.8
845.5
472.1

5,587.8 $

25.6 $

2,239.7
108.3
344.9
2,718.6
884.6
202.4
44.2
3,849.8

698.6
2,344.0
458.0
46.5
58.9
230.6
3,836.6
311.2
835.8
429.1
5,412.6

15.4
1,770.4
90.8
306.0
2,182.7
1,170.8
84.6
34.5
3,472.6

—

—

0.7
354.9
1,492.8
(126.5)
1,721.9
16.0
1,738.0
5,587.8 $

0.7
399.9
1,679.3
(154.8)
1,925.0
15.0
1,940.0
5,412.6

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

51

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions, except earnings per share data)

$

$
$

$

$

Revenue
Cost of revenue
Gross profit
Operating expenses:
Compensation and employee benefits
General and administrative
Goodwill and other impairments
Restructuring charges

Income from operations
Non-operating expenses, net:
Interest expense and other financing costs, net
Other income (expense), net

Income (loss) before income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
Net income (loss) attributable to World Fuel
Basic earnings (loss) per common share
Basic weighted average common shares
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share
Diluted weighted average common shares
Comprehensive income:
Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Cash Flow hedges, net of income tax benefit of $0.3,
$4.1, and $0.5 for 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Comprehensive income (loss) including noncontrolling 
interest
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to 
noncontrolling interest
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to World Fuel

For the Year ended December 31,

2017
33,695.5 $
32,763.3
932.2

2016
27,015.8 $
26,116.8
899.0

2015
30,381.4
29,520.4
861.0

428.2
306.9
91.9
59.6
886.6
45.6

(60.3)
(6.4)
(66.7)
(21.1)
149.2
(170.3)
(0.1)

(170.2) $
(2.50) $
68.1
(2.50) $
68.1

413.3
296.8
—
—
710.1
188.9

(39.2)
(7.5)
(46.7)
142.1
15.7
126.4
—

126.5 $
1.82 $
69.3
1.81 $
69.8

(170.3) $

126.4 $

30.1
(0.3)

29.8

(140.5)
1.5

(40.4)
(6.6)

(47.0)

79.5
1.6

365.8
249.5
—
—
615.3
245.7

(29.9)
2.0
(27.9)
217.7
47.2
170.5
(3.9)
174.5
2.49
70.2
2.47
70.7

170.5

(45.4)
(0.8)

(46.2)

124.3
(2.2)

126.4

$

(142.0) $

77.9 $

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

52

Accumulated
Comprehensive

Other
Loss

Total World
Shareholders’

Fuel
Equity

Noncontrolling

Interest

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In millions)

Balance as of December 31, 2014
Net income
Cash dividends declared
Investment by noncontrolling interest
Distribution of noncontrolling interest
Amortization of share-based payment
awards
Issuance (cancellation) of common
stock related to share-based payment
awards
Purchases of common stock tendered
by employees to satisfy the required
withholding taxes related to share-
based payment awards
Purchases of common stock
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2015
Net income
Cash dividends declared
Distribution of noncontrolling interest
Amortization of share-based payment
awards
Issuance (cancellation) of common
stock related to share-based payment
awards including income tax benefit
of $1.6 million
Purchases of common stock tendered
by employees to satisfy the required
withholding taxes related to share-
based payment awards
Purchases of common stock
Acquisition of remaining 49% equity
interest
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other
Balance as of December 31, 2016
Net income
Cash dividends declared
Distribution of noncontrolling interest
Amortization of share-based payment
awards
Issuance (cancellation) of common
stock related to share-based payment
awards
Purchases of common stock tendered
by employees to satisfy the required
withholding taxes related to share-
based payment awards
Purchases of common stock
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance as of December 31, 2017

Common Stock

Shares
72.1
—
—
—
—

Amount
0.7
$
—
—
—
—

Capital in
Excess of
Par Value
496.4
$
—
—
—
—

Retained
Earnings
$ 1,412.0
174.5
(16.8)
—
—

—

0.4

(0.1)
(1.6)
—
—
70.8
—
—
—

—

0.1

(0.1)
(1.0)

—
—
—
69.9
—
—
—

—

(0.4)

(0.1)
(1.7)
—
67.7

$

—

—

—
—
—
—
0.7
—
—
—

—

—

—
—

—
—
—
0.7
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
—
0.7

16.9

—

(7.3)
(70.5)
—
(0.1)
435.3
—
—
—

19.7

1.6

(4.6)
(41.2)

(10.9)
—
(0.1)
399.9
—
—
—

21.3

—

—

—

—
—

(0.3)
1,569.4
126.5
(16.6)
—

—

—

—
—

—
—
—
1,679.3
(170.2)
(16.3)
—

—

—

(4.3)
(61.9)
—
354.9

—
—
—
$ 1,492.8

$

$

(59.2) $

—
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
(50.3)
—
(109.5)
—
—
—

—

—

—
—

—
(45.4)
—
(154.8)
—
—
—

—

—

—
—
28.3

$

(126.5) $

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

53

$

1,849.9
174.5
(16.8)
—
—

16.9

—

(7.3)
(70.5)
(50.3)
(0.4)
1,895.9
126.5
(16.6)
—

19.7

1.6

(4.6)
(41.2)

(10.9)
(45.4)
(0.1)
1,925.0
(170.2)
(16.3)
—

21.3

—

9.5
(3.9)
—
0.5
(0.2)

—

—

—
—
4.0
0.1
10.0
—
—
(0.5)

—

—

—
—

7.2
(1.6)
—
15.0
(0.1)
—
(0.4)

—

—

Total
Equity
$ 1,859.4
170.5
(16.8)
0.5
(0.2)

16.9

—

(7.3)
(70.5)
(46.2)
(0.3)
1,905.9
126.4
(16.6)
(0.5)

19.7

1.6

(4.6)
(41.2)

(3.7)
(47.0)
—
1,940.0
(170.3)
(16.3)
(0.4)

21.3

—

(4.3)
(61.9)
28.3
1,721.9

$

—
—
1.5
16.0

(4.3)
(61.9)
29.8
$ 1,738.0

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(In millions)

For the Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

(170.3) $

86.0
9.3
21.2
13.9
91.9
25.7
(0.6)
(1.2)

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest
Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interest to 
net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 
Provision for bad debt
Share-based payment award compensation costs 
Deferred income tax provision (benefit)
Goodwill and other impairments
Restructuring charges
Foreign currency losses (gains), net 
Other
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable, net
Inventories
Prepaid expenses
Short-term derivative assets, net
Other current assets
Cash collateral with financial counterparties
Other non-current assets
Accounts payable
Customer deposits
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Non-current income tax, net and other long-term liabilities
Total adjustments
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired and other investments
Capital expenditures
Other investing activities, net
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities:
Borrowings of debt
Repayments of debt
Dividends paid on common stock
Purchases of common stock
Other financing activities, net
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents, as of beginning of period
Cash and cash equivalents, as of end of period
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

(366.6)
(43.9)
(19.7)
(0.2)
(13.9)
(26.7)
(30.3)
451.2
13.4
77.7
88.4
375.5
205.2

4,472.7
(4,749.7)
(16.3)
(61.9)
(6.3)
(361.6)
10.3
(326.2)
698.6
372.3

(120.7)
(54.0)
(5.4)
(180.1)

$

$

126.4

$

170.5

82.3
15.4
19.2
(36.0)
—
—
(11.8)
(7.5)

(506.8)
(49.5)
7.7
163.7
(20.4)
149.2
4.4
423.4
(26.3)
(121.9)
(6.4)
78.8
205.2

(430.8)
(36.1)
38.4
(428.5)

4,688.0
(4,280.3)
(16.6)
(41.2)
(9.0)
340.9
(1.5)
116.1
582.5
698.6

$

65.5
7.5
17.0
5.3
—
—
(7.3)
(5.0)

485.0
81.4
10.8
81.5
34.0
133.3
(1.9)
(481.5)
(17.5)
(141.9)
11.0
276.9
447.5

(96.9)
(51.0)
3.2
(144.8)

4,831.2
(4,752.0)
(15.3)
(70.5)
(10.5)
(17.0)
(5.5)
280.2
302.3
582.5

54

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS – (CONTINUED) 
(In millions)

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information
Cash paid during the year for:
Interest, net of capitalized interest
Income taxes

For the Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$
$

64.9 $
50.8 $

40.7 $
37.5 $

33.1
44.0

Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities
Cash dividends declared, but not yet paid, were $4.0 million and $4.1 million as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 
2016, respectively.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

55

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS

1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

World  Fuel  Services  Corporation  (the  “Company”)  was  incorporated  in  Florida  in  July  1984  and  along  with  its 
consolidated subsidiaries is referred to collectively in this Annual Report on Form 10 K (“2017 10 K Report”) as “World 
Fuel,” “we,” “our” and “us.”

We are a leading global fuel services company, principally engaged in the distribution of fuel and related products and 
services in the aviation, marine and land transportation industries. In recent years, we have expanded our product and 
service offerings to include energy advisory services and supply fulfillment with respect to natural gas and power and 
transaction and payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers. Our intention is to become 
a leading global energy management company offering a full suite of energy advisory, management and fulfillment 
services and technology solutions across the energy product spectrum. We also seek to become a leading transaction 
and payment management company, offering payment management solutions to commercial and industrial customers, 
principally in the aviation, land and marine transportation industries.

A. Basis of Presentation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  notes  include  our  parent  company  and  all  wholly owned  and 
majority owned subsidiaries and joint ventures where we exercise control. Our consolidated financial statements 
include the operations of an acquired business after the completion of the acquisition. The decision of whether or not 
to consolidate an entity requires consideration of majority voting interests, as well as effective economic or other control 
over the entity.  The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Our fiscal year-end is as of and for the year ended December 
31 for each year presented. All transactions among our businesses have been eliminated.

For additional information pertaining to our acquisitions, refer to Note 3.

Certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements and associated notes may not add due to rounding. All 
percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts.

B. New Accounting Standards

Adoption of New Accounting Standards

Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. In January 2017, Accounting 
Standards Update (“ASU”) 2017-04 was issued, which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment by eliminating 
the  requirement  to  perform  a  hypothetical  purchase  price  allocation. As  a  result,  an  entity  should  recognize  an 
impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed 
the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We have early adopted ASU 2017-04 and applied the new 
guidance for our goodwill impairment tests that were performed during the fourth quarter. 

Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted
Revenue Recognition (Topic 606): Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In May 2014, ASU 2014-09 was issued. 
Under this ASU and subsequently issued amendments, an entity is required to recognize the amount of revenue it 
expects to be entitled to for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The updated standard will replace 
most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP. This ASU provides alternative methods of transition, a full 
retrospective and a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach would result in recognition 
of the cumulative impact of a retrospective application as of the beginning of the period of initial application, which in 
our case is the period beginning January 1, 2018.

In preparation for adoption, we initially developed a cross-functional team and utilized a third-party service provider 
to assist us throughout our evaluation. In addition, we factored in the adoption into our ongoing enterprise resource 
planning platform upgrade, which we previously committed to perform. 

56

We have completed our review of a representative sample of contracts across each of our revenue streams. 
Through this process, we have made determinations on how our revenue streams will be accounted for after 
adoption, concluding that we will have similar performance obligations and timing of revenue recognition under ASC 
606, as compared to those prior to adoption.  

As a result of completing these activities, we have prepared and made accessible internally our revenue recognition 
policy, which captures those decisions. We conducted an initial training that was distributed to our finance and 
accounting organization and we continue to train our commercial and operational teams on the relevant facets of 
our revenue recognition policy. We identified and implemented appropriate changes to our business processes and 
controls to support our revenue recognition and associated disclosure requirements under the new standard.  An 
important aspect of adoption is the design of our contract management review process and its impact on the control 
environment.  The ongoing training activities will also serve as a platform to communicate certain process changes 
associated with our contract review process.

We have selected the modified retrospective adoption approach, and the cumulative adjustment did not have a 
material impact on our financial statements.  We anticipate certain disclosure changes, specifically as it relates to 
the financial statement line items where certain costs are recorded.  Accordingly, the adoption of the new standard 
will not have a material impact on our financial statements after adoption.

Leases (Topic 842): Leases. In February 2016, ASU 2016-02 was issued. This standard will require all lessees to 
recognize a right of use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, except for leases with durations that are less 
than twelve months. This standard is effective at the beginning of our 2019 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating 
whether the adoption of this new guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and 
related disclosures.

Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. In August 2016 
ASU 2016-15 was issued. The ASU provides guidance on classification of eight specific cash flows items. This standard 
is effective at the beginning of our 2018 fiscal year. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of this new 
guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business. In January 2017, ASU 2017-01 was issued. 
The update clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating 
whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of businesses. This standard is effective 
at the beginning of our 2018 fiscal year. We do not believe the adoption of this new guidance will have a material 
impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. In August 2017, 
ASU 2017-12 was issued. The ASU is targeted at simplifying the application of hedge accounting and is effective at 
the beginning of our 2019 fiscal year. The amended guidance aims at aligning the recognition and presentation of the 
effects of hedge instruments and hedge items. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of this new guidance 
will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

C. Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. 
Accordingly, actual results could materially differ from estimated amounts. We evaluate our estimated assumptions 
based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of 
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.

D. Cash and Cash Equivalents

Our cash equivalents consist principally of overnight investments, bank money market accounts and bank time deposits 
which have an original maturity date of less than 90 days. These securities are carried at cost, which approximates 
market value.

57

E. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Bad Debt

Our accounts receivables credit terms are generally 30-60 days. Accounts receivable balances that are not paid within 
the terms of the sales agreement are generally subject to finance fees, based on the outstanding balance.  Credit 
extension, monitoring and collection are performed for each of our business segments. Each business segment has 
a  credit  function  that  is  responsible  for  establishing  credit  limits  and  approving  limits  above  previously  approved 
amounts, and managing the overall quality of the credit portfolio. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers 
and adjust credit limits based upon payment history and the customer’s current creditworthiness, as determined by 
our review of our customer’s credit information. We extend credit on an unsecured basis to most of our customers. 
Accounts receivable are deemed past due based on contractual terms agreed to with our customers. Although we 
analyze customers’ payment history and creditworthiness, we cannot predict with certainty that the customers to whom 
we extend credit will be able to remit payments on a timely basis, or at all. Because we extend credit on an unsecured 
basis to most of our customers, there is a possibility that any accounts receivable not collected will ultimately need to 
be written off. Write-offs for the year ended December 31, 2017 did not have a material impact on our consolidated 
statement of operations.

We continuously monitor the composition of accounts receivable, collections and payments from our customers and 
maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon our historical experience with our customers, current 
market and industry conditions affecting our customers and any specific customer collection issues that we have 
identified. Principally based on these factors, an internally derived risk-based reserve is established on a quarterly 
basis. In addition to a risk-based reserve, a specific reserve is established for certain customers, based on customer 
receivable  balances,  overall  exposure,  payment  history,  current  and  expected  market  conditions,  business 
developments, and other factors that influence the likelihood of collectability.

Historical payment trends may not be an accurate indicator of current or future credit worthiness of our customers, 
particularly in difficult economic and financial markets. As a result of the limited predictability inherent in estimating 
which customers are less likely or unlikely to remit amounts owed to us, our provision for estimated credit losses may 
not be sufficient. Any write-off of accounts receivable in excess of our provision for estimated credit losses would have 
an adverse effect on our results of operations.  If credit losses exceed established allowances, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.

F. Inventories

Inventories are valued primarily using weighted average cost, and first-in first-out in certain limited locations, and are 
stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. We utilize a variety of fuel indices and other indicators of 
market value. Sharp negative changes in these indices can result in reduction of our inventory valuation, which could 
have an adverse impact on our results of operations in the period in which we take the adjustment.  Historically these 
adjustments have not had a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations. Components of inventory 
include fuel purchase costs, the related transportation costs and changes in the estimated fair market values for 
inventories included in a fair value hedge relationship.

G. Business Combinations

We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, under which the purchase price 
of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using the fair values determined by 
management as of the acquisition date. We calculate the fair value based on the present value of estimated future 
cash flows. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information available to us at the time. Acquisition-
related costs incurred in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

H. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

We measure the fair value of financial instruments using observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs 
reflect what market participants would use in pricing the instrument, based on publicly available market data obtained 
from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available and reflect 
internal market assumptions. 

58

The accounting guidance establishes the following fair value hierarchy:

Level 1 Inputs - Quoted prices in active markets.

Level 2 Inputs - Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets other than quoted prices included within Level 1, 
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model based valuations whose 
inputs are observable.

Level 3 Inputs - Inputs that are unobservable.

Our policy is to recognize transfers between levels as of the beginning of the reporting period in which the event or 
change in circumstance caused the transfer to occur. There were no significant changes to our valuation techniques 
during 2017 and 2016. For additional information pertaining to our fair value measurements, see Note 12.

I. Derivatives

We enter into financial derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations in aviation, land and marine 
fuel, to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs and to mitigate the risk due to changes in 
foreign currency exchange rates. While we currently believe that our derivative contracts will be effective in mitigating 
the associated price risks, it is possible that our derivative instruments will be ineffective at mitigating material changes 
in prices, which could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. At the inception and 
on an ongoing basis, we assess the hedging relationship to determine its effectiveness in offsetting changes in cash 
flows or fair value attributable to the hedged risk.

Our derivative contracts are recognized at their estimated fair market value in accordance with the accounting guidance 
for fair value measurements.  The fair value of our derivatives is derived using observable and certain unobservable 
inputs,  such  as  basis  differentials,  which  are  based  on  the  difference  between  the  historical  prices  of  our  prior 
transactions and the underlying observable data. Measurement of the fair value of our derivatives also requires the 
assessment of certain risks related to non-performance, which requires a significant amount of judgment. The effect 
on our income before income taxes of a 10% change in the model input for non-performance risk would not be material 
to our consolidated statements of operations.

If the derivative instrument is not designated as a hedge, changes in the estimated fair market value are recognized 
as a component of revenue, cost of revenue or other income (expense), net (based on the underlying transaction type) 
in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Derivatives which qualify for hedge accounting 
may be designated as either a fair value or cash flow hedge. For our fair value hedges, changes in the estimated fair 
market value of the hedging instrument and the hedged item are recognized in the same line item as the underlying 
transaction type in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. For our cash flow hedges, the 
effective portion of the changes in the fair market value of the hedging instrument is initially recognized as a component 
of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into the same line item as the underlying forecasted 
transaction when both are settled or deemed probable of not occurring. The ineffective portion of the changes in the 
estimated fair market value of the hedging instrument is recognized in the same line item as the underlying transaction 
type in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Cash flows for our hedging instruments 
used in our hedges are classified in the same category as the cash flow from the hedged items. If for any reason hedge 
accounting is discontinued, then any cash flows subsequent to the date of discontinuance will be classified in a manner 
consistent with the nature of the instrument. For more information on our derivatives, see Note 4.

J. Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  amortization.  Depreciation  and 
amortization are calculated primarily by using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
Costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized while expenditures for maintenance and repairs, which do 
not extend the life of the asset, are expensed. Upon sale or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and related 
accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is credited 
or charged to income. Long lived assets held and used by us are reviewed based on market factors and operational 
considerations for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an 
asset may not be recoverable.

59

Purchases of computer software are capitalized. External costs and certain internal costs directly associated with 
developing significant computer software applications for internal use are capitalized. Computer software costs are 
amortized using the straight line method over the estimated useful life of the software.

K. Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets

Goodwill arises because the purchase price paid reflects numerous factors, including the strategic fit and expected 
synergies these acquisitions bring to our existing operations. Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is reviewed at least 
annually at year-end (or more frequently under certain circumstances) for impairment.

Goodwill is evaluated for impairment at the reporting unit level and is initially based on an assessment of qualitative 
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any individual reporting unit is less than 
its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include a material adverse change in the markets where 
we operate, similar to the current conditions within the shipping and offshore markets, limited market volatility, which 
adversely impact our supply and trading activities, among others.  

To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we would compare the fair value of the reporting units to which goodwill 
was assigned to their respective carrying values to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. In 
calculating fair value, we use a combination of both an income and market approach as our primary indicator of fair 
value. Under the market approach we use a selection of global companies that correspond to each reporting unit to 
derive a market-based multiple. Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on 
the present value of estimated future cash flows. The estimated future cash flows are based on the best information 
available to us at the time, including our annual operating plan, which is completed annually during the fourth 
quarter and is approved by our Board of Directors. Our estimates are considered supportable assumptions that we 
believe are reasonable based on information available to us at that time, and are based on a number of factors 
including industry experience, internal benchmarks, and the economic environment. Our cash flow estimates are 
discounted using rates that correspond to a weighted-average cost of capital consistent with those used internally 
for investment decisions.  

If our annual operating plan is not achieved or if there are other variations to our estimates and assumptions, 
particularly in the expected growth rates and profitability embedded in our cash flow projections or the discount rate 
used, there is the potential for a partial or total impairment of the carrying amount of goodwill within one or more of 
our reporting units. If we are required to impair all or a substantial amount of the goodwill attributable to one or more 
of our reporting units, our financial results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

In connection with our acquisitions, we record identifiable intangible assets at fair value. The determination of the fair 
values  of  our  identifiable  intangible  assets  involves  a  significant  amount  of  forecasting  and  other  assumptions 
associated with recently acquired businesses for which we may not have as much historical information or trend data 
as we would for our existing businesses. Identifiable intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized over their 
estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that 
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess identifiable intangible assets not subject to 
amortization during the fourth quarter of each year for potential impairment. Our impairment analysis of our intangible 
assets not subject to amortization (primarily trademarks and/or trade names) generally involves the use of qualitative 
and quantitative analyses to estimate whether the estimated future cash flows generated as a result of these assets 
will be greater than or equal to the carrying value assigned to such assets. 

For information pertaining to our 2017 impairment assessment, see Note 7, Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets.

L. Other Investments

Our  other  investments  consist  primarily  of  equity  investments,  net  of  basis  adjustments.  These  investments  are 
accounted for under the equity method as we own less than 50% of the entities and exercise significant influence over 
the investee, but do not have operational or financial control. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had other 
investments of $70.9 million and $67.2 million, respectively, which are included within identifiable intangible and other 
non current  assets.  In  2017,  we  recorded  a  $9.0  million  other-than-temporary  impairment  charge  for  two 
underperforming  investments  in  the  land  segment,  which  is  included  in  goodwill  and  other  impairment  on  our 
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.

60

M. Revenue Recognition

We execute contracts with customers through a variety of methods including by executing a master supply or blanket 
sales agreement combined with a purchase order or delivery ticket, stand-alone contracts, or through spot transactions 
where fuel is delivered for immediate settlement. Our contracts primarily require us to deliver fuel and fuel-related 
products, while other arrangements require us to complete agreed-upon services.  Our contracts may contain fixed 
or variable pricing or some combination of those. 

The majority of our consolidated revenues are generated through the sale of fuel and fuel-related products.  Revenue 
from the sale of fuel is recognized when delivery is made to our customers and title has passed, the sales price is 
determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Our fuel sales are generated as a fuel reseller as well as from inventory supply. When acting as a fuel reseller, we 
generally purchase fuel from the supplier, and contemporaneously resell the fuel to the customer, normally taking 
delivery for purchased fuel at the same place and time as the delivery is made to the customer. 

Revenue from services, including energy procurement advisory services and international trip planning support, and 
transaction and payment management processing, are recognized over the contract period when services have been 
performed and we have the right to invoice for those services. 

We record fuel sales and services on a gross basis as we generally take inventory risk, have latitude in establishing 
the sales price, have discretion in the supplier selection, maintain credit risk and are the primary obligor in the sales 
arrangement.

Whether the services have been performed and when title and risk of loss passes to the customer are the factors we 
take into consideration in deciding when to recognize revenue. These factors are readily determinable and consistently 
applied throughout our business. Therefore, we generally have not needed to make material estimates or assumptions 
with respect to revenue recognition.

N. Share Based Payment Awards

We account for share based payment awards on a fair value basis. Under fair value accounting, the grant date fair 
value of the share based payment award is amortized as compensation expense, on a straight line basis, over the 
vesting period for both graded and cliff vesting awards. Annual compensation expense for share based payment 
awards is reduced by an expected forfeiture amount on outstanding share based payment awards.  We utilize our 
historical forfeiture rates to calculate future expected forfeitures. These estimates can vary significantly from actual 
forfeiture rates experienced. Our estimated forfeiture rates have historically approximated actual forfeitures.

O. Foreign Currency

The functional currency of our U.S. and foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar, except for certain subsidiaries which 
utilize their respective local currency as their functional currency. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are 
recognized upon settlement of foreign currency transactions. In addition, for unsettled foreign currency transactions, 
foreign currency translation gains and losses are recognized for changes between the transaction exchange rates and 
month end exchange rates. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other income (expense), 
net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income in the period incurred. 

Revenues and expenses of the subsidiaries that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar have been 
translated into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates prevailing during the period. The assets and liabilities of these 
subsidiaries have been translated at the rates of exchange on the balance sheet dates. The resulting translation gain 
and  loss  adjustments  are  recorded  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  as  a  separate  component  of 
shareholders’ equity. 

61

P. Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement 
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and income tax 
credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to 
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in income tax rates is recorded as a component of the 
income tax provision in the period that includes the enactment date.

Regular assessments are made on the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from our future taxable 
income. Our evaluation is based on estimates, assumptions, and includes an analysis of available positive and 
negative evidence, giving weight based on the evidence’s relative objectivity. Sources of positive evidence include 
estimates  of  future  taxable  income,  future  reversal  of  existing  taxable  temporary  differences,  taxable  income  in 
carryback years, and available tax planning strategies. Sources of negative evidence include current and cumulative 
losses in recent years, losses expected in early future years, any history of operating losses or tax credit carryforwards 
expiring unused, and unsettled circumstances that, if unfavorably resolved, would adversely affect future profit levels.

The remaining carrying value of our deferred tax assets, after recording the valuation allowance on our deferred tax 
assets, is based on our present belief that it is more likely than not that we will be able to generate sufficient future 
taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to utilize such deferred tax assets. The amount of the remaining deferred 
tax assets considered recoverable could be adjusted if our estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward 
period change favorably or unfavorably. To the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that some or all of the 
remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized, we must establish a valuation allowance against those deferred 
tax assets, resulting in additional income tax expense in the period such determination is made. To the extent a 
valuation allowance currently exists, we will continue to monitor all positive and negative evidence until we believe it 
is more likely than not that it is no longer necessary, resulting in an income tax benefit in the period such determination 
is made.

Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions, and in determining our provisions for income taxes, 
our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We 
establish reserves when, despite our belief that the income tax return positions are fully supportable, certain positions 
are likely to be challenged and we may ultimately not prevail in defending those positions.

Q. Earnings per Common Share

Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to World Fuel and available to 
common shareholders by the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock. Diluted earnings per 
common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to World Fuel and available to common shareholders 
by the sum of the weighted average number of shares of common stock and the number of additional shares of common 
stock that would have been outstanding if our outstanding potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially 
dilutive securities include restricted stock subject to forfeitable dividends, non vested RSUs and SSAR Awards. The 
dilutive effect of potentially dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the 
treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in the fair market value of our common stock 
can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive securities.

62

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the periods presented 
(in millions, except per share amounts):

Numerator:
Net income (loss) attributable to World Fuel
Denominator:
Weighted average common shares for basic earnings per
common share
Effect of dilutive securities
Weighted average common shares for diluted earnings per
common share
Weighted average securities which are not included in the
calculation of diluted earnings per common share because their
impact is anti-dilutive or their performance conditions have not
been met
Basic earnings (loss) per common share
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share

2. Accounts Receivable

2017

2016

2015

$

(170.2) $

126.5 $

174.5

68.1
—

68.1

69.3
0.5

69.8

1.4

(2.50) $
(2.50) $

$
$

1.3
1.82 $
1.81 $

70.2
0.5

70.7

1.0
2.49
2.47

We had accounts receivable of $2.7 billion and $2.3 billion, net of an allowance for bad debt of $27.8 million and $24.9 
million, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  Accounts receivable are written-off when it becomes apparent 
based upon customer circumstances that such amounts will not be collected.

We have Receivables Purchase Agreements (“RPAs”) with Wells Fargo  and Citibank, that allows for the sale of our 
accounts receivable, in an amount equal to either 90% or 100%, depending on the customer, of total balance, less a 
discount margin equivalent to LIBOR plus 1% to 3% and certain other fees, as applicable. Receivables sold under the 
RPAs are excluded from accounts receivable, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Under the terms 
of the RPAs, we retain a beneficial interest in certain of the sold accounts receivable of 10%, which is included in 
accounts receivable, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Fees and interest paid under the RPAs is 
recorded within "Interest expense and other financing costs, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income.

We had sold accounts receivable of $377.3 million and $235.5 million under the RPAs, as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively. In addition, we have a $15.9 million and $11.4 million retained beneficial interest in the transferred 
receivables as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The fees and interest paid under the RPA were $12.4 
million, $4.8 million, and $2.8 million, for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Under the RPAs, we sold $6.1 billion and 
$3.0 billion of accounts receivable during 2017 and 2016, respectively and collected $5.9 billion and $2.9 billion of 
accounts receivables during 2017 and 2016, respectively.

The following table sets forth activities in our allowance for bad debt (in millions):

Balance as of beginning of period
Charges to provision for bad debt
Write-off of uncollectible accounts receivable
Recoveries of bad debt
Translation Adjustments
Balance as of end of period

2017

2016

2015

24.9 $
9.3
(8.7)
2.0
0.3
27.8 $

25.0 $
15.4
(15.9)
0.3
0.2
24.9 $

25.7
7.5
(8.3)
0.5
(0.4)
25.0

$

$

63

3. Acquisitions and Divestitures

2017 Acquisitions

During the first quarter of 2017, we completed the acquisition of certain aviation fueling operations in Italy, Germany, 
Australia and New Zealand associated with the ExxonMobil transaction, further described below. We also completed 
five acquisitions during 2017 which were not material individually or in the aggregate. 

The following table summarizes the aggregate consideration paid for acquisitions during 2017 and the provisional 
amounts of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, recognized at the acquisition date. We are in the process of 
finalizing the valuations of certain intangible assets; thus, the provisional measurements of these acquired assets and 
assumed liabilities are subject to change and will be finalized no later than one year from the acquisition date.

(In millions)
Cash paid for acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired
Cash and cash equivalents
Amounts due to sellers
Non-monetary consideration
Estimated purchase price

Assets acquired:
Cash and cash equivalents
Property and equipment
Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets
Other current and long-term assets

Liabilities assumed:
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Long-term liabilities and deferred tax liabilities
Estimated purchase price

$

$

$

$

108.2
4.5
0.7
4.2
117.6

4.5
10.6
105.2
10.2

(3.7)
(9.1)
117.6

In connection with the 2017 acquisitions, we recorded goodwill of $63.5 million, of which $29.5 million is anticipated 
to be deductible for tax purposes. The goodwill, of which $51.3 million and $12.2 million is assigned to the aviation 
segment and land segment, respectively, is attributable primarily to the expected synergies and other benefits that we 
believe will result from combining the operations of the acquired businesses with the operations of World Fuel Services' 
aviation and land segments. The identifiable intangible assets consist of $41.7 million of customer relationships with 
weighted average lives of 8.0 years.  

The  financial  position,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  of  the  2017  acquisitions  have  been  included  in  our 
consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates and did not have a material impact on our 
consolidated revenue and net income for 2017. Accordingly, pro forma information for the 2017 acquisitions has not 
been provided as the impact is not material.

2016 Acquisitions

ExxonMobil
In the first quarter of 2016, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire from certain ExxonMobil affiliates their aviation 
fueling operations at more than 80 airport locations in Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, France, Australia 
and New Zealand. The transaction closed in phases with the Canada, France and U.K. locations closing during the 
fourth quarter of 2016 and the remaining locations closing during the first quarter of 2017. 

On July 1, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of PAPCO, Inc. (“PAPCO”) and Associated Petroleum 
Products,  Inc.  (“APP”).  PAPCO,  headquartered  in  Virginia  Beach,  Virginia  and APP,  headquartered  in  Tacoma, 
Washington are leading distributors of gasoline, diesel, lubricants, propane and related services in the Mid-Atlantic 
and the Pacific Northwest region of the U.S., respectively.
64

In addition to the above acquisitions, we completed six acquisitions in our land segment in 2016 which were not material 
individually or in the aggregate. 

The following table summarizes the aggregate consideration paid for the 2016 acquisitions and the amounts of the 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed recognized at the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation for the 2016
acquisitions is as follows:

(In millions)
Cash paid for acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired
Cash acquired
Amounts due to sellers
Purchase price

Assets acquired:
Cash and cash equivalents
Accounts and notes receivable
Inventories
Property and equipment
Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets
Other current and long-term assets

Liabilities assumed:
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Non-current income tax liabilities and other long term liabilities
Purchase price

$

$

$

$

424.3
2.6
20.0
446.9

2.6
62.8
39.0
100.3
291.9
14.8

(61.0)
(3.5)
446.9

In connection with the 2016 acquisitions, we recorded goodwill of $173.3 million of which $133.4 million is anticipated 
to be deductible for tax purposes.  The goodwill, of which $95.6 million and $77.7 million is assigned to the aviation 
segment and land segment, respectively,  is attributable primarily to the expected synergies and other benefits that 
we believe will result from combining the operations of the acquired businesses with the operations of World Fuel 
Services'  land  and  aviation  segments. The  identifiable  intangible  assets  consisted  of  $105.1  million  of  customer 
relationships and $3.9 million of other identifiable intangible assets with weighted average lives of 5.6 years and 2.1 
years, respectively, as well as $9.5 million of indefinite-lived trademark/trade name rights.

The following presents the unaudited pro forma results for 2016 and 2015 as if 2016  and 2015 acquisitions had 
been completed on January 1, 2015:

Revenue
Net income attributable to World Fuel

Earnings per common share:
Basic
Diluted

2016

(pro forma)

27,925.0
146.1

2.11
2.09

2015

(pro forma)

32,604.4
202.0

2.88
2.86

$
$

$
$

$
$

$
$

The  financial  position,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  of  the  2016  acquisitions  have  been  included  in  our 
consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition dates and did not have a material impact on our 
revenue and net income for the year ended December 31, 2016.

65

Tobras Distribuidora de Combustiveis Limitada
On June 23, 2016, we acquired the remaining 49% of the outstanding equity interest of Tobras from the minority owners 
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3.7 million in cash (the “Tobras Acquisition”).  Prior to the Tobras 
Acquisition, we owned 51% of the outstanding shares of Tobras and exercised control, and as such, we consolidated 
Tobras in our financial statements. As a result of the acquisition of the remaining equity interest of Tobras, we recorded 
a $10.9 million adjustment to capital in excess of par value on our consolidated balance sheets, which consisted of 
$3.7 million of cash paid and $7.2 million of non-controlling interest equity.

4. Derivative Instruments

The following describes our derivative classifications:

Cash Flow Hedges. Includes certain derivative contracts we execute to mitigate the risk of price volatility in forecasted 
transactions.

Fair Value Hedges. Includes derivative contracts we hold to hedge the risk of changes in the price of our inventory.

Non-designated Derivatives. Includes derivatives we primarily transact to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations in 
the form of swap or futures contracts as well as certain forward fixed price purchase and sale contracts, and for portfolio 
optimization. In addition, non-designated derivatives are held to hedge the risk of currency rate fluctuations.

The following table presents the gross fair value of our derivative instruments and their locations on the consolidated 
balance sheets (in millions):

Derivative Instruments

Balance Sheet Location

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments
Commodity contracts

Short-term derivative assets, net
Identifiable intangible and other non-current
assets
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities

Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Commodity contracts

Short-term derivative assets, net
Identifiable intangible and other non-current
assets
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities

Foreign currency contracts

Short-term derivative assets, net
Identifiable intangible and other non-current
assets
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Other long-term liabilities

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

Total derivatives

Gross Derivative Assets

Gross Derivative Liabilities

As of December 31,
2017
2016

As of December 31,
2017
2016

$

$

$

$

$

$
$

$

0.4

—
2.3
—
2.7

191.4

18.2
86.1
5.2
300.9

4.5

—
3.9
—
8.5
309.4

312.0

$

$

$

$

$

$
$

$

2.2

—
86.0
5.1
93.3

160.3

17.1
52.5
8.1
238.0

13.5

0.9
1.6

16.0
253.9

347.2

$

$

$

$

$

$
$

$

0.5

$

5.4

—
43.1
—
43.6

123.3

5.2
138.2
13.5
280.2

2.8

—
5.7
0.2
8.7
288.9

332.5

$

$

$

$

$
$

$

—
93.5
10.1
108.9

86.7

6.2
112.2
12.1
217.2

3.4

0.1
2.8

6.4
223.6

332.5

For information regarding our derivative instruments measured at fair value after netting and collateral see Note 12.

66

The following table summarizes the gross notional values of our commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative 
contracts used for risk management purposes that were outstanding as of December 31, 2017 (in millions):

Derivative Instruments

Commodity contracts
Buy / Long
Sell / Short

Foreign currency exchange contracts
Sell U.S. dollar, buy other currencies
Buy U.S. dollar, sell other currencies

As of December 31,
Units

2017

BBL
BBL

USD
USD

66.5
(75.9)

(255.8)
485.5

For additional information about our use of derivative instruments, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures 
About Market Risk.

The following table presents the effect and financial statement location of our derivative instruments and related hedged 
items in fair value hedging relationships on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (in millions):

Realized and Unrealized Gain

(Loss)

For the Year Ended 

December 31,

Realized and Unrealized Gain

(Loss)

For the Year Ended 

December 31,

Derivative
Instruments

Commodity
contracts

Total gain (loss)

Location

2017

2016

2015

Hedged Items
Inventories

Location

2017

2016

2015

Revenue
Cost of revenue

$ — $

(35.7)
$ (35.7)

— $ 49.3
37.5
$ 86.8

(25.3)
$ (25.3)

Revenue
Cost of revenue

$

$

— $ — $

13.0
13.0

10.8
$ 10.8

$

—
(70.7)
(70.7)

Total gain (loss)

We recognized net losses in income representing hedge ineffectiveness of $22.7 million and $14.5 million for the years 
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and net gains of $16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
There were no gains or losses for the year ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 that were excluded from the 
assessment of the effectiveness of our fair value hedges.

The following table presents the effect and financial statement location of our derivative instruments in cash flow hedging 
relationships on our accumulated other comprehensive income and consolidated statements of income and comprehensive 
income (in millions):

Amount of Gain (Loss)
Other Comprehensive

Recognized in Accumulated
Income (Effective Portion)

For the Year Ended

December 31,

Amount of Gain (Loss)

Reclassified from
Accumulated Other
(Effective Portion)

Comprehensive Income

Derivative Instruments

2017

Commodity contracts
Commodity contracts
Total gain (loss)

$

$

(7.8)
(0.1)
(7.9)

2016

$ (145.8)
178.1
32.3

$

2015

Location

$

$

106.5 Revenue
(105.4) Cost of revenue
Total gain (loss)

1.0

67

For the Year Ended

December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(41.3)
33.7
(7.6)

$

$

18.1
20.8
38.8

$

$

7.2
(5.3)
1.8

Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from 

Effectiveness Testing)

Location

Revenue
Cost of revenue
Total gain (loss)

For the Year Ended

December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

0.7
(15.4)
(14.8)

$

$

(13.7)
9.4
(4.4)

$

$

28.6
(17.8)
10.8

The effective portion of the gains or losses on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted 
transactions  are  initially  reported  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  and  subsequently 
reclassified into earnings once the future transaction affects earnings.

The following table presents the effect and financial statement location of our derivative instruments not designated as 
hedging instruments on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (in millions):

Amount of Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss)

Derivative Instruments - Non-designated

Location

Commodity contracts

Revenue
Cost of revenue

Revenue
Other (expense) income, net

Foreign currency contracts

Total gain

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features

For the Year Ended

December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

$

$
$

(0.5)
62.3
61.8

(3.2)
(7.8)
(11.0)
50.8

$

$

$

$
$

29.7
(31.6)
(1.9)

$ 171.7
(139.0)
32.7

$

10.0
(0.8)
9.2
7.3

$

$
$

4.1
9.5
13.6
46.3

We enter into derivative contracts which may require us to post collateral periodically. Certain of these derivative contracts 
contain credit-risk-related contingent clauses which are triggered by credit events. These credit events may include the 
requirement to post additional collateral or the immediate settlement of the derivative instruments upon the occurrence 
of a credit downgrade or if certain defined financial ratios fall below an established threshold. The following table presents 
the potential collateral requirements for derivative liabilities with credit-risk-contingent features (in millions):

Potential Collateral Requirements for 

Derivative Liabilities with 

Credit-Risk-Contingent Features

Net derivative liability positions with credit contingent features
Maximum potential collateral requirements

$
$

11.8
11.8

$
$

15.2
15.2

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, there was no collateral held by our counterparties on these derivative contracts with 
credit-risk-contingent features.

As of December 31,

2017

2016

68

5. Restructuring Charges

During the fourth quarter of 2017, we began an enterprise-wide restructuring plan that is designed to streamline the 
organization, and reallocate resources to better align our organizational structure and costs with our strategy. While 
these activities are ongoing, we expect the majority of these activities to be completed over the course of 2018, and 
based on activities being reviewed, we cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate cost that will be incurred. Specifically, 
as the restructuring plan involves reviewing non-core businesses and assets, our organizational structure, and expected 
commercial opportunities in the markets we serve. We will also consider our existing technology platforms, specifically 
with an aim to more fully integrate recent acquisitions and increase associated profit contribution. 

During the fourth quarter, we incurred $59.6 million in restructuring charges, comprised primarily of costs associated 
with exiting certain business lines, including completely exiting the railcar business, exiting a low return capital-intensive 
distributor program within the land segment, approximately $26.0 million non-cash impairment charge related to notes 
due from certain of those preferred distributors and employee and facility-related costs. As of December 31, 2017, 
approximately $32.0 million of total restructuring charges is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
on our consolidated balance sheet.

A summary of the restructuring charges we recorded by segment, are as follows:

Aviation

Land

Marine

Corporate

Business line exit costs
Employee and facility-related
Restructuring charges

$

$

— $
0.9
0.9 $

50.3 $
2.1
52.4 $

— $
1.4
1.4 $

Consolidated
50.3
9.4
59.6

— $
5.1
5.1 $

6. Property and Equipment

The amount of property and equipment and their respective estimated useful lives are as follows (in millions):

Land
Buildings and leasehold improvements
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures
Computer equipment and software costs
Machinery, equipment and vehicles

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

28.0 $
87.2
15.5
169.4
246.5
546.6
216.8
329.8 $

27.4
87.3
15.4
140.7
217.5
488.3
177.1
311.2

Estimated
Useful Lives

Indefinite
3 - 40 years
3 -  7  years
3 -  9  years
3 - 40 years

For  2017,  2016  and  2015,  we  recorded  depreciation  expense  of  $44.1  million,  $42.5  million  and  $35.1  million, 
respectively.

The amount of computer software costs, including capitalized internally developed software costs are as follows (in 
millions):

Computer software costs
Accumulated amortization
Computer software costs, net

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

108.0 $
80.3
27.7 $

94.5
69.5
25.0

Included in capitalized computer software costs are costs incurred in connection with software development in progress 
of $27.6 million and $12.5 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. For 2017, 2016 and 2015, we 

69

recorded amortization expense related to computer software costs of $11.0 million, $13.7 million and $10.7 million, 
respectively.

The assets and accumulated amortization recorded under capital leases are as follows (in millions):

Capital leases
Accumulated amortization
Capital leases, net

7. Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

25.5 $
16.0
9.5 $

24.4
8.2
16.2

In 2017, we used a combination of qualitative and quantitative factors to review goodwill and identifiable intangible 
assets for impairment for all of our reporting units. As a result of performing these assessments, we recorded an 
impairment charge of $80.2 million, of which $72.3 million was attributable to the write-off of goodwill in our marine 
segment, and $7.9 million associated with intangible assets, primarily customer relationships in both the marine and 
land segments. The impairment within our marine segment was driven principally by growing competitive pressures 
in  maritime  markets,  including  the  decline  of  maritime  shipping  volumes  along  with  lower  demand  for  price  risk 
management products and our ultimate decision in the fourth quarter to exit our marine business in certain international 
markets. 

Goodwill 

The following table provides information regarding changes in goodwill (in millions):

Aviation
Segment

Land

Segment

Marine
Segment

Total

As of December 31, 2015
2016 acquisitions
Adjustment of purchase price allocations
Foreign currency translation of non-USD functional
currency subsidiary goodwill
As of December 31, 2016
2017 acquisitions
Adjustment of purchase price allocations
Impairment charge
Foreign currency translation of non-USD functional
currency subsidiary goodwill
As of December 31, 2017

$

173.7 $
95.6
1.3

430.7 $
77.7
5.5

(3.7)
266.8
51.2
6.2
—

2.7

(17.3)
496.7
12.2
(0.1)
—

9.8

$

326.9 $

518.5 $

71.4 $

—
0.1

0.7
72.3
—
—
(72.3)

—
— $

675.8
173.3
6.9

(20.3)
835.8
63.5
6.0
(72.3)

12.5
845.5

70

Identifiable Intangible Assets

The following table provides information about our identifiable intangible assets (in millions):

As of December 31, 2017

As of December 31, 2016

Gross
Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization (1)

Net

Gross
Carrying
Amount

Accumulated
Amortization (1)

Net

Intangible assets subject to 
amortization:
Customer relationships  (2)
Supplier agreements
Others

Intangible assets not subject 
to amortization:
Trademark/trade name rights

$

$

373.8 $
38.7
40.0
452.5

40.3
492.9 $

(1) Includes the impact of foreign exchange

171.4 $
15.4
26.3
213.1

202.4 $
23.4
13.7
239.4

353.8 $
38.7
37.2
429.7

155.5 $
13.3
20.2
189.1

213.1 $

40.3
279.7 $

41.7
471.4 $

189.1 $

198.3
25.4
17.0
240.7

41.7
282.3

(2) Reflects recorded impairment charges for 2017 of $4.1 million and $3.0 million in our Marine and Land segments, respectively, which is presented
in "Goodwill and other impairments" on our Consolidated Statement of Income.

Intangible amortization expense for 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $41.9 million, $39.7 million and $30.4 million, respectively. 

The future estimated amortization of our identifiable intangible assets is as follows (in millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

8. Debt

$

$

41.0
34.5
29.9
26.6
23.6
83.7
239.4

As of December 31, 2017, we have a Credit Facility which permits borrowings up to approximately $1.26 billion, with 
a sublimit of  $400.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances. Under the Credit Facility, 
we  have  the  right  to  request  increases  in  available  borrowings  up  to  an  additional  $200.0  million,  subject  to  the 
satisfaction of certain conditions. The Credit Facility matures in October 2021. We had outstanding borrowings under 
our Credit Facility totaling $60.0 million and $325.2 million as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Our issued letters of credit under the Credit Facility totaled $8.6 million and $8.3 million as of December 31, 2017 and 
2016, respectively. We also had $835.8 million and $840.0 million in Term Loans outstanding as of December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, the unused portion of our Credit Facility was $1.19 billion
and $926.5 million, respectively. Availability under our Credit Facility is principally limited by the ratio of adjusted total 
debt to adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the revolving credit facility, which limits the total amount of indebtedness we 
may incur, and may therefore fluctuate from period to period.

Borrowings under our Credit Facility and Term Loans related to base rate loans or Eurodollar rate loans bear floating 
interest rates plus applicable margins. As of December 31, 2017, the applicable margins for base rate loans and 
Eurodollar rate loans were 1.50% and 2.50%, respectively. Letters of credit issued under our Credit Facility are subject 

71

to letter of credit fees of 0.25% as of December 31, 2017, and the unused portion of our Credit Facility is subject to 
commitment fees of 0.35% as of December 31, 2017.

Our Credit Facility and our Term Loans contain certain financial and other covenants with which we are required to 
comply. Our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our Credit Facility and our Term Loans could result in 
an event of default. An event of default, if not cured or waived, would permit acceleration of any outstanding indebtedness 
under the Credit Facility and our Term Loans, trigger cross defaults under certain other agreements to which we are 
a party and impair our ability to obtain working capital advances and issue letters of credit, which would have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As of December 31, 2017, 
we were in compliance with all financial and other covenants contained in our Credit Facility and our Term Loans.

On January  30, 2018, we elected to amend our Credit Facility (the “Amendment”), and prepay certain amounts on 
our Term Loans. The Amendment lowers the borrowing capacity of our Credit Facility to approximately $1.16 billion
with a sublimit of  $400.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit and bankers' acceptances.  Under the Credit Facility, 
we  have  the  right  to  request  increases  in  available  borrowings  up  to  an  additional  $200.0  million,  subject  to  the 
satisfaction of certain conditions. The Credit Facility matures in October 2021. In connection with the Amendment, we 
also elected to make a $300.0 million payment on the outstanding amounts owed on the Term Loans, representing 
additional capacity that is accessible by us. This payment was facilitated by an ability to use foreign cash without 
incurring additional U.S. tax costs as a result of the recently enacted Tax Act.

Outside of our Credit Facility we have other uncommitted credit lines primarily for the issuance of letters of credit, bank 
guarantees and bankers’ acceptances. These credit lines are renewable on an annual basis and are subject to fees 
at market rates. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, our outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees under these 
credit lines totaled $272.0 million and $176.5 million, respectively.

Substantially all of the letters of credit and bank guarantees issued under our Credit Facility and the uncommitted 
credit lines were provided to suppliers in the normal course of business and generally expire within one year of issuance. 
Expired letters of credit and bank guarantees are renewed as needed.

Our debt consisted of the following (in millions):

Credit Facility
Term Loans
Capital leases
Other
Total debt
Current maturities of long-term debt and capital leases
Long-term debt

As of December 31,

2017

2016

60.0 $
835.8
10.4
4.0
910.2
25.6
884.6 $

325.2
840.0
12.6
8.5
1,186.3
15.4
1,170.8

$

$

The capital lease obligations are payable in varying amounts through November 2023 and bear interest at annual 
rates ranging from 3.0% to 6.3% as of December 31, 2017.

As of December 31, 2017, the aggregate annual maturities of debt are as follows (in millions):

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

Year Ended December 31,

72

$

$

25.6
41.6
55.8
723.5
61.7
1.9
910.2

The following table provides additional information about our interest income, interest expense and other financing 
costs, net (in millions):

Interest income
Interest expense and other financing costs

9. Commitments and Contingencies

Surety Bonds

2017

2016

2015

6.0 $

(66.3)
(60.3) $

4.5 $

(43.7)
(39.2) $

5.0
(34.9)
(29.9)

$

$

In the normal course of business, we are required to post bid, performance and other surety-related bonds. The majority 
of the surety bonds posted relate to our aviation and land segments. We had outstanding bonds that were executed 
in order to satisfy various security requirements of $44.6 million and $52.8 million, as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, 
respectively.

Lease Commitments

As of December 31, 2017, our future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases were as follows 
(in millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Thereafter

$

$

39.7
31.0
25.7
21.3
15.1
32.4
165.2

We incurred rental expense for all properties and equipment of $40.3 million, $36.9 million and $31.6 million for 2017, 
2016 and 2015, respectively. Minimum payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $34.7 million
due in the future under non-cancelable subleases.

Sales and Purchase Commitments

As  of  December 31,  2017,  the  notional  value  associated  with  fixed  sales  and  purchase  commitments  under  our 
derivative programs amounted to $921.4 million and $516.4 million, respectively with delivery dates from 2018 through 
2023.  Additionally, we have certain purchase contracts that extend through 2026, under which we agreed to purchase 
annually between 1.72 million barrels and 2.00 million barrels of aviation fuel at future market prices.

73

Agreements with Executive Officers and Key Employees

We have an agreement with our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Michael J. Kasbar (“Mr. Kasbar”), 
for his continued employment with us which provides for an annual base salary as determined by our Compensation 
Committee in its sole discretion (currently $900,000), termination severance benefits, and such incentives and other 
compensation and amounts as our Compensation Committee may determine from time to time in its sole discretion. 
The current term of the Kasbar agreement, as amended, expired on December 31, 2017, and automatically extends 
for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice to the other at least one year prior to the 
expiration of the term that such party does not want to extend the term. Pursuant to his amended agreement, Mr. 
Kasbar is entitled to receive cash severance payments if: (a) we terminate his employment without cause following a 
change of control or for any reason other than death, disability or cause; (b) he resigns for good reason (generally a 
reduction in his responsibilities or compensation, or a breach by us), or resigns following a change of control; or (c) 
either he elects or we elect not to extend the term of the agreement, as amended. The severance payments are equal 
to $5.0 million for a termination following a change of control and $3.0 million in the other scenarios described above, 
a portion of which will be payable two years after the termination of Mr. Kasbar’s employment.

All of Mr. Kasbar’s outstanding SSAR Awards, restricted stock and RSUs (collectively, “outstanding equity awards”) 
will immediately vest in each scenario described in (a) and (b) above following a change of control, except for awards 
assumed or substituted by a successor company, in which case, such awards shall continue to vest in accordance 
with their applicable terms. In each scenario described in (a), (b) or (c) above where there has not been a change of 
control, Mr. Kasbar’s outstanding equity awards will generally vest over a two year period following termination of his 
employment, with any remaining unvested awards vesting on the last day of such two year period. For each scenario 
described above, awards with multiple annual performance conditions must satisfy certain other requirements in order 
to have their vesting terms accelerated.

We have also entered into employment agreements or separation agreements with certain of our other executive 
officers and key employees. These agreements provide for minimum salary levels, and, in most cases, bonuses which 
are payable if specified performance goals are attained. Some executive officers and key employees are also entitled 
to severance benefits upon termination or non-renewal of their contracts under certain circumstances.    

As  of  December 31,  2017,  the  approximate  future  minimum  commitments  under  these  agreements,  excluding 
discretionary and performance bonuses, are as follows (in millions):

2018

Deferred Compensation Plans

Year Ended December 31,

$

0.9

We maintain a 401(k) defined contribution plan which covers all U.S. employees who meet minimum requirements 
and  elect  to  participate. We  are  currently  making  a  match  contribution  of  50%  for  each  1%  of  the  participants' 
contributions up to 6% of the participants' contributions. Annual contributions by us are made at our sole discretion, 
as approved by the Compensation Committee. Additionally, certain of our foreign subsidiaries have defined contribution 
plans, which allow for voluntary contributions by the employees. In some cases, we make employer contributions on 
behalf of the employees. The expenses for our contributions under these plans were not material during each of the 
years presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.

We offer a non-qualified deferred compensation (“NQDC”) plan to certain eligible employees, excluding our named 
executive officers, whereby the participants may defer a portion of their compensation. We do not match any participant 
deferrals  under  the  NQDC  plan. Participants  can  elect  from  a  variety  of  investment  choices  for  their  deferred 
compensation and gains and losses on these investments are credited to their respective accounts. The deferred 
compensation payable amount under this NQDC plan is subject to the claims of our general creditors and was $5.8 
million and $4.3 million as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, which was included in other 
long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

74

Environmental and Other Liabilities; Uninsured Risks

Our business is subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including 
those  relating  to  fuel  storage  and  distribution,  terminals,  underground  storage  tanks,  the  release  or  discharge  of 
regulated materials into the air, water and soil, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of 
hazardous materials, and the exposure of persons to regulated materials. A violation of, liability under, or noncompliance 
with these laws and regulations, or any future environmental law or regulation, could result in material liabilities, including 
administrative,  civil  or  criminal  penalties,  remediation  costs  for  natural  resource  damages  as  well  as  third-party 
damages. From time to time, we may be responsible for remediating contamination at properties we own or lease and 
can be entitled to reimbursement for certain of these costs from state trust funds, as well as various third-party contractual 
indemnities and insurance policies, subject to eligibility requirements, deductibles,  and aggregate caps. Although we 
continuously review the adequacy of our insurance coverage, we may lack adequate coverage for various risks, 
including environmental claims. If we are uninsured or under insured for a claim or claims of sufficient magnitude 
arising out of our activities, it will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and 
cash flows.

We accrue for environmental assessment and remediation expenses when the future costs are probable and reasonably 
estimable. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, accrued liabilities for remediation were not material. It is not presently 
possible to estimate the ultimate amount of all remediation costs that might be incurred or the penalties that may be 
imposed.

Tax Matters

From time to time, we are under review by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to indirect tax 
matters and are involved in various challenges and litigation in a number of countries, including, in particular, Brazil 
and South Korea, where the amounts under controversy may be material. We believe that these assessments are 
without merit and are currently appealing the actions.

During  the  quarter  ended  December  31,  2016,  the  Korean  branch  (“WFSK”)  of  one  of  our  subsidiaries  received 
assessments  of  approximately  $10.6  million  (KRW  11.9  billion)  and  during  the  quarter  ended  June  30,  2017,  an 
assessment for an additional $17.9 million (KRW 20.1 billion) from the regional tax authorities of Seoul, South Korea 
(“SRTO”). The assessments primarily consist of fines and penalties for allegedly failing to issue Value Added Tax 
("VAT") invoices and report certain transactions during the period 2011-2014. These assessments do not involve failure 
to pay or collect VAT. We believe that these assessments are without merit and are currently appealing the actions. 

We are also involved in a number of tax disputes with federal, state and municipal tax authorities in Brazil, relating 
primarily  to  VAT  (ICMS)  tax  matters.  These  disputes  are  at  various  stages  of  the  legal  process,  including  the 
administrative review phase and the collection action phase, and include assessments of fixed amounts of principal 
and penalties, plus interest. 

When  we  deem  it  appropriate  and  the  amounts  are  reasonably  estimable,  we  establish  reserves  for  potential 
adjustments to our provision for the accrual of indirect taxes that may result from examinations or other actions by tax 
authorities. If events occur which indicate payment of these amounts is unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would 
result in the recognition of benefits in the period we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimates 
of any of our federal, state, and foreign indirect tax liabilities are less than the ultimate assessment, it could result in 
a further charge to expense. Except with respect to the matters described above, we believe that the final outcome of 
any pending examinations, agreements, administrative or judicial proceedings will not have a material effect on our 
results of operations or cash flows.

75

Other Matters

We are also a party to various claims, complaints and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business 
including, but not limited to, environmental claims, commercial and governmental contract claims, such as property 
damage, demurrage, personal injury, billing and fuel quality claims, as well as bankruptcy preference claims and tax 
and administrative claims. We have established loss provisions for these ordinary course claims as well as other 
matters in which losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. As of December 31, 2017, we had recorded 
certain reserves which were not material. For those matters where a reserve has not been established and for which 
we believe a loss is reasonably possible, as well as for matters where a reserve has been recorded but for which an 
exposure to loss in excess of the amount accrued is reasonably possible, we believe that such losses will not have a 
material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. However, any adverse resolution of one or more 
such  claims,  complaints  or  proceedings  during  a  particular  period  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our 
consolidated financial statements or disclosures for that period. 

Our estimates regarding potential losses and materiality are based on our judgment and assessment of the claims 
utilizing currently available information. Although we will continue to reassess our reserves and estimates based on 
future developments, our objective assessment of the legal merits of such claims may not always be predictive of the 
outcome and actual results may vary from our current estimates.

10. Shareholders’ Equity

Dividends

We declared aggregate cash dividends of $0.24 per share of common stock for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
Our Credit Facility and Term Loans have restrictions regarding the maximum amount of cash dividends allowed to be 
paid. The payment of the above referenced cash dividends was in compliance with the Credit Facility and Term Loans.

Stock Repurchase Programs

In October 2017, our Board of Directors approved a new common stock repurchase program which replaced the 
remainder  of  the  existing  program  and  authorized  the  purchase  of  up  to  $100.0  million  in  common  stock  (the 
“Repurchase Program”). The Repurchase Program does not require a minimum number of shares of common stock 
to be purchased, has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.  As of December 31, 
2017, $100.0 million remains available for purchase under the Repurchase Program. The timing and amount of shares 
of common stock to be repurchased under the Repurchase Program will depend on market conditions, share price, 
securities law and other legal requirements and factors. Under several of our repurchase programs, we repurchased 
1.6 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate value of $70.5 million during 2015, 1.0 million shares of our 
common stock for an aggregate value of $41.2 million during 2016 and 1.7 million shares of our common stock for an 
aggregate value of $61.9 million in 2017.

Share-Based Payment Plans

Plan Summary and Description

In May 2016, our shareholders approved the 2016 Omnibus Plan (the “2016 Plan”), which replaced our previously 
adopted 2006 Omnibus Plan, as amended and restated in 2009 (the “2006 Plan”). The 2016 Plan is administered by 
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”). The purpose of the 2016 
Plan is to (i) attract and retain persons eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan; (ii) motivate participants, by means of 
appropriate  incentives,  to  achieve  long range  goals;  (iii) provide  incentive  compensation  opportunities  that  are 
competitive with those of other similar companies; and (iv) further align participants’ interests with those of our other 
shareholders through compensation that is based on the value of our common stock. The goal is to promote the 
long term  financial  interest  of  World  Fuel  and  its  subsidiaries,  including  the  growth  in  value  of  our  equity  and 
enhancement of long term shareholder return. The persons eligible to receive awards under the 2016 Plan are our 
employees, officers, and members of the Board of Directors, or any consultant or other person who performs services 
for us.

The provisions of the 2016 Plan authorize the grant of stock options which can be “qualified” or “nonqualified” under 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, restricted stock, RSUs, SSAR Awards, performance shares and 
performance units and other share based awards. The 2016 Plan is unlimited in duration and, in the event of its 

76

termination, the 2016 Plan will remain in effect as long as any awards granted under it remain outstanding. No awards 
may be granted under the 2016 Plan after May 2026. The term and vesting period of awards granted under the 2016 
Plan  are  established  on  a  per  grant  basis,  but  options  and  SSAR Awards  may  not  remain  exercisable  after  the 
seven year anniversary of the date of grant.

Under the 2016 Plan, 2.5 million shares of common stock are authorized for issuance plus any shares of common 
stock with respect to awards that were granted under the 2006 Plan but are forfeited or canceled (e.g., due to the 
recipient's failure to satisfy applicable service or performance conditions) after May 2016. As of December 31, 2017, 
approximately 2.2 million shares of common stock were subject to outstanding awards under the 2016 and 2006 Plan 
(assuming maximum achievement of performance goals for restricted stock and target achievement of performance 
goals for RSUs, where applicable). 

The following table summarizes the outstanding awards issued pursuant to the 2016 Plan described above as of 
December 31, 2017 and the remaining shares of common stock available for future issuance (in millions):

Plan name

2016 Plan (1)
2006 Plan (2)

Restricted

Stock

—
0.3

RSUs

SSAR Awards
0.4
0.3

0.6
0.9

Remaining
shares of

common stock
available for

future

issuance

3.4

As  of  December 31,  2017,  unvested  RSUs  will  vest  between  February  2018  and August  2021  and  the

(1)
outstanding SSAR Awards will expire between March 2020 and May 2020.

As of December 31, 2017, unvested restricted stock will vest between February 2018 and February 2021,
(2)
unvested RSUs will vest between February 2018 and May 2019 and the outstanding SSAR Awards will expire in
March 2019.  RSUs granted to non employee directors under the 2006 Plan prior to 2011 remain outstanding until
the date the non employee director ceases, for any reason, to be a member of the Board of Directors.

Restricted Stock Awards

The following table summarizes the status of our unvested restricted stock outstanding and related transactions for 
each of the following years (in millions, except weighted average grant-date fair value price and weighted average 
remaining vesting term data):

Unvested
Restricted

Stock

Weighted

Average Grant
date Fair Value

Price

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Vesting Term
(in Years)
2.1

Aggregate

Intrinsic Value
70.2

As of December 31, 2014
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2016
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2017

1.5 $
0.2
(0.2)
(0.1)
1.4
0.1
(0.2)
(0.1)
1.2
—
(0.2)
(0.7)
0.3 $

77

41.18 $
49.95
39.63
41.84
42.69
42.92
40.40
43.30
43.10
—
43.69
41.50
45.80 $

54.9

1.4

55.7

0.8

9.7

0.9

The aggregate value of restricted stock which vested during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $7.8 million, $9.6 million and 
$9.9 million, respectively, based on the average high and low market price of our common stock at the vesting date.

RSU Awards

The following table summarizes the status of our RSUs and related transactions for each of the following years (in 
millions, except for weighted average grant date fair value data and weighted average remaining contractual life):

RSUs Outstanding

RSUs

Weighted

Average Grant
date Fair Value

Price

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life (in Years)
1.5

Aggregate

Intrinsic Value
36.9

As of December 31, 2014
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2015
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2016
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
As of December 31, 2017

0.8 $
0.3
(0.3)
—
0.7
0.7
(0.1)
(0.1)
1.2
0.6
(0.2)
(0.1)
1.6 $

38.55 $
51.00
38.80
42.65
43.10
44.23
42.78
44.78
43.28
37.74
43.06
42.43
41.01 $

28.0

55.7

43.9

1.7

1.6

1.4

The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs issued during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $7.7 million, $6.2 million and $15.3 
million, respectively.

SSAR Awards

The following table summarizes the status of our outstanding and exercisable SSAR Awards and related transactions 
for each of the following years (in millions, except weighted average exercise price and weighted average remaining 
contractual life data):

SSAR Awards Outstanding

SSAR Awards Exercisable

As of December 31, 2014
Granted
Exercised
As of December 31, 2015
Granted
Exercised
As of December 31, 2016
Granted
Exercised
As of December 31, 2017

0.2 $
—
—
0.2
0.1
—
0.3
0.4
—
0.7 $

Price
40.06 $
57.48
25.08
42.91
48.58
40.91
44.97
36.31
40.91
40.27 $

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

SSAR
Awards

Weighted
Average
Exercise

Price
35.81 $

Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value

SSAR
Awards

0.1 $

0.6

—

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
(in Years)
2.2

Life

2.2

1.3

0.4

0.1

42.06

0.2

42.15

0.7

0.2 $

42.76 $

—

Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
(in Years)
3.0

Life

2.5

2.4

3.0

1.6

—

0.3

—

78

The aggregate intrinsic value of SSAR Awards exercised during 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million and $0.5 million, 
respectively.

As discussed in Note 1, we currently use the Black Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of SSAR 
Awards granted to employees. The weighted average fair value of the SSAR Awards for 2017 was $8.82 and the 
assumptions used to determine such fair value were as follows: expected term of 4.3 years, volatility of 28.6%, dividend 
yields of 0.7% and risk-free interest rates of 1.8%. The weighted average fair value of the SSAR Awards for 2016 was 
$12.32 and the assumptions used to determine such fair value were as follows: expected term of 4.5 years, volatility 
of 29.8%, dividend yields of 0.5% and risk-free interest rates of 1.2%. The weighted average fair value of the SSAR 
Awards for 2015 was $14.78 and the assumptions used to determine such fair value were as follows: expected term 
of 4.3 years, volatility of 30.2%, dividend yields of 0.3% and risk-free interest rates of 1.2%. 

Unrecognized Compensation Cost

As of December 31, 2017, there was $47.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-
based payment awards, which is included as capital in excess of par value in the accompanying consolidated balance 
sheets. The unrecognized compensation cost as of December 31, 2017 is expected to be recognized as compensation 
expense over a weighted average period of 1.4 years as follows (in millions):

Year Ended December 31,

2018
2019
2020
2021
2022

$

$

18.8
19.6
4.4
4.5
0.2
47.4

Other Comprehensive Loss and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

Our other comprehensive loss, consisting of foreign currency translation adjustments related to our subsidiaries that 
have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar and cash flow hedges, was as follows (in millions):

Foreign
Currency
Translation
Adjustments

Cash Flow

Hedges

Accumulated
Comprehensive

Other
Loss

Balance as of December 31, 2015
Other comprehensive loss
Less: Net other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to 
noncontrolling interest
Balance as of December 31, 2016
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Less: Net other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to 
noncontrolling interest
Balance as of December 31, 2017

$

$

(108.7) $
(40.4)

1.6
(147.5)
30.1

(1.5)

(118.8) $

(0.8) $
(6.6)

—
(7.4)
(0.3)

—

(7.7) $

(109.5)
(47.0)

1.6
(154.8)
29.8

(1.5)
(126.5)

The foreign currency translation adjustment gains for 2017 were primarily due to the strengthening of the British Pound 
as compared to the U.S. dollar. The foreign currency translation adjustment losses for 2016 were primarily due to the 
strengthening of the U.S. dollar as compared to the British Pound. 

79

11. Income Taxes

U.S. and foreign income before income taxes consist of the following (in millions):

United States
Foreign

2017

2016

2015

$

$

(152.3) $
131.2
(21.1) $

(85.4) $
227.5
142.1 $

3.5
214.2
217.7

The income tax provision (benefit) related to income before income taxes consists of the following components (in 
millions):

Current:
U.S. federal statutory tax
State
Foreign

Deferred:
U.S. federal statutory tax
State
Foreign

Non-current tax expense (income)

2017

2016

2015

$

94.6 $
5.6
34.2
134.4

15.1
8.9
(10.0)
13.9
0.9

$

149.2 $

7.5 $
0.8
30.4
38.7

(29.3)
(4.2)
(2.5)
(36.0)
13.0
15.7 $

(9.9)
0.7
27.0
17.8

4.6
3.0
(2.3)
5.3
24.1
47.2

Non-current tax expense (income) is primarily related to income tax associated with the reserve for uncertain tax 
positions.

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follows:

U.S. federal statutory tax rate
Foreign earnings, net of foreign taxes
State income taxes, net of U.S. federal income tax benefit
U.S. tax on deemed dividends
Tax Act impact
Deferred tax impact on foreign unrepatriated earnings
Goodwill impairment
Sale of subsidiary
Uncertain tax positions
Tax authority settlements
Nontaxable interest income
Nondeductible interest expense
Valuation allowance
Other permanent differences
Effective income tax rate

2017

2016

2015

35.0 %
245.4
(51.8)
(14.0)
(704.3)
(65.5)
(81.5)
—
(4.1)
(10.0)
36.9
(12.6)
(19.6)
(61.0)
(707.1)%

35.0%
(42.4)
(1.5)
1.3
—
—
—
3.8
9.2
—
—
—
2.0
3.6
11.0%

35.0%
(28.3)
1.1
1.7
—
—
—
—
10.3
—
—
—
0.3
1.6
21.7%

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. President signed into law the Tax Act. This legislation will significantly change the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, including taxation of U.S. corporations, by, among other things, limiting interest deductions, 

80

reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate, altering the expensing of capital expenditures, adopting elements of a 
territorial tax system, GILTI, assessing a repatriation tax or “toll-charge” on undistributed earnings and profits of U.S.-
owned foreign corporations, and introducing certain anti-base erosion provisions. The legislation is unclear in certain 
respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS, as well as state tax authorities, and 
the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could increase certain 
adverse impacts of the legislation. 

For the year ended 2017, our effective income tax rate was (707.1)%, and our income tax provision was $149.2 million, 
as compared to an effective income tax rate of 11.0% and an income tax provision of $15.7 million for 2016. The higher 
effective income tax rate for 2017, as compared to 2016, resulted principally from the effects of the Tax Act's $143.7 
million one-time transition tax on historic accumulated foreign earnings.  Without the transition tax charge, the effective 
income tax rate for 2017 would have been (25.9)%.

For 2016, our effective income tax rate was 11.0%, for an income tax provision of $15.7 million, as compared to an 
effective income tax rate of 21.7% and an income tax provision of $47.2 million for 2015. The lower effective income 
tax rate for 2016 resulted primarily from differences in the results of our subsidiaries in tax jurisdictions with different 
income tax rates.

For 2015, our effective income tax rate was 21.7%, for an income tax provision of $47.2 million, as compared to an 
effective income tax rate of 19.5% and an income tax provision of $53.6 million for 2014. The higher effective income 
tax rate for 2015 compared to 2014, resulted primarily from differences in the results of our subsidiaries in tax jurisdictions 
with different income tax rates. 

Through September 30, 2017, we considered all of the earnings in our non-U.S. subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested 
and, accordingly, recorded no deferred income taxes. The passage of the Tax Act in December of 2017 dramatically 
changed the US taxation of foreign earnings. Following a transition period and one-time toll charge of our foreign 
earnings and profits, foreign dividends will be exempt from US federal income tax.  

We have analyzed our global working capital and cash requirements and the potential tax liabilities attributable to 
repatriation and have determined that we intend to continue our assertion to permanently reinvest $725 million of our 
foreign earnings in non-US business operations. For these investments, due to uncertainty in foreign law, it is not 
practical to determine the amount of deferred taxes payable if such earnings are not reinvested indefinitely. For the 
remaining $1.7 billion accumulated foreign earnings that are actually or deemed repatriated, we have made a reasonable 
provisional estimate of the associated foreign withholding and state income tax effects of $13.8 million.

81

The temporary differences which comprise our net deferred tax liabilities are as follows (in millions):

Gross Deferred Tax Assets:
Bad debt reserve
Net operating loss
Accrued and other share-based compensation
Accrued expenses
U.S. foreign income tax credits
Other income tax credits
Customer deposits
Investments
Cash flow hedges
Total gross deferred tax assets
Less: Valuation allowance
Gross deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Depreciation
Goodwill and intangible assets
Unrealized foreign exchange
Prepaid expenses, deductible for tax purposes
Deferred tax costs on foreign unrepatriated earnings
Unrealized derivatives
Other
Total gross deferred tax liabilities
Net deferred tax liability
Net deferred tax asset
Reported on the consolidated balance sheets as:
Identifiable intangible and other non-current assets for deferred tax assets, 
non-current

Non-current income tax liabilities, net for deferred tax liabilities, non-current

$

$

$

$

As of December 31,

2017

2016

3.5 $
23.0
18.8
11.7
—
0.2
1.9
1.3
3.2
63.7
24.6
39.1

(6.4)
(43.6)
(0.9)
(3.8)
(13.8)
(1.1)
(1.1)
(70.8)
31.7 $

—

12.8 $

44.5 $

4.5
38.6
26.2
5.0
7.8
0.2
6.3
—
4.6
93.2
7.1
86.1

(8.5)
(56.1)
(8.0)
(5.8)
—
(2.4)
(0.7)
(81.5)
—
4.6

20.6

16.0

82

As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had net operating losses (“NOLs”) of approximately $240.3 million and $106.2 
million, respectively. The NOLs as of December 31, 2017 originated in various U.S. states and countries including 
Argentina, Australia, South Africa,  Brazil, Puerto Rico, France, Italy, Canada, and the Netherlands. We have recorded 
a deferred tax asset of $23.0 million reflecting the benefit of the NOL carryforward as of December 31, 2017. This 
deferred tax asset expires as follows (in millions):

Expiration Date

Deferred
Tax Asset

December 31, 2020
December 31, 2021
December 31, 2022
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2025
December 31, 2026
December 31, 2027
December 31, 2028
December 31, 2029
December 31, 2031
December 31, 2032
December 31, 2033
December 31, 2034
December 31, 2035
December 31, 2036
December 31, 2037
Indefinite
Total

$

$

0.1
0.2
1.2
0.2
1.0
0.2
0.2
0.3
0.8
0.2
0.5
0.1
0.3
0.5
2.7
5.7
8.8
23.0

We  assessed  the  available  positive  and  negative  evidence  to  estimate  if  sufficient  future  taxable  income  will  be 
generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2017, a valuation 
allowance of $24.6 million has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax assets related to NOLs 
and other deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset 
considered realizable could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period change 
or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be 
given to subjective evidence such as growth projections.

We operated under a special income tax concession in Singapore which began January 1, 2008. Our current five year 
special income tax concession was effective on January 1, 2013. The special income tax concession is conditional 
upon our meeting certain employment and investment thresholds which, if not met in accordance with our agreement, 
may  eliminate  the  benefit  beginning  with  the  first  year  in  which  the  conditions  are  not  satisfied. The  income  tax 
concession reduces the income tax rate on qualified sales and derivative gains and losses. The impact of this income 
tax concession decreased (increased) foreign income taxes by $1.3 million, $2.7 million, and $(7.7) million for 2017, 
2016 and 2015 respectively. The impact of the income tax concession on basic earnings per common share was $0.02, 
$0.04, and $(0.11) for 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. On a diluted earnings per common share basis, the impact 
was $0.02, $0.04, and $(0.11) for 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. The special income tax concession in Singapore 
has been renewed effective January 1, 2018 for the next five year period.

83

Income Tax Contingencies

We recorded a decrease of $3.4 million of liabilities related to unrecognized income tax benefits (“Unrecognized Tax 
Liabilities”) and an increase of $19.8 million of assets related to unrecognized income tax benefits (“Unrecognized Tax 
Assets”) during 2017. In addition, during 2017, we recorded an increase of $1.4 million to our Unrecognized Tax 
Liabilities  related  to  a  foreign  currency  translation  loss,  which  is  included  in  other  income  (expense),  net,  in  the 
accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  income  and  comprehensive  income. As  of  December 31,  2017,  our 
Unrecognized Tax Liabilities, including penalties and interest, were $72.6 million and our Unrecognized Tax Assets 
were $25.4 million. During 2016, we recorded an increase of $14.4 million of liabilities related to Unrecognized Tax 
Liabilities and an increase of $3.2 million of assets related to Unrecognized Tax Assets.  In addition, during 2016, we 
recorded a decrease of $0.1 million to our Unrecognized Tax Liabilities related to a foreign currency translation gain, 
which  is  included  in  other  income  (expense),  net,  in  the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  income  and 
comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2016, our Unrecognized Tax Liabilities, including penalties and interest, 
were $62.2 million and our Unrecognized Tax Assets were $5.6 million.

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of gross unrecognized income tax liabilities for the year 
(in millions):

Gross Unrecognized Tax Liabilities – opening balance
Gross increases – tax positions in prior period
Gross decreases – tax positions in prior period
Gross increases – tax positions in current period
Gross decreases – tax positions in current period
Settlements
Lapse of statute of limitations
Gross Unrecognized Tax Liabilities – ending balance

2017

2016

2015

$

$

62.2 $
10.9
—
10.7
—
(23.0)
(2.1)
58.8 $

47.8 $
19.7
(15.4)
12.9
—
—
(2.8)
62.2 $

24.3
9.2
(4.8)
22.0
—
—
(2.9)
47.8

If our gross Unrecognized Tax Liabilities, net of our Unrecognized Tax Assets of $25.4 million, as of December 31, 
2017 are settled by the taxing authorities in our favor, our income tax expense would be reduced by $33.4 million 
(exclusive of interest and penalties) in the period the matter is considered settled in accordance with Accounting 
Standards Codification 740. This would have the impact of reducing our 2017 effective income tax rate by 158.2%. As 
of December 31, 2017, it does not appear that the total amount of our unrecognized income tax benefits will materially 
increase or decrease within the next twelve months.

We record accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits as income tax expense. Related 
to the uncertain income tax benefits noted above, for interest we recorded expense of $3.4 million during 2017 and 
income of $(0.7) million and an expense $0.9 million during 2016 and 2015, respectively. For penalties, we recorded 
expense of $0.1 million, $2.3 million and income of $0.3 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of 
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had recognized liabilities of $7.3 million and $4.3 million for interest and $6.5 million
and $6.5 million for penalties, respectively.

During the quarters ended March 31, 2017 and June 30, 2017, the Korean Branch of one of our subsidiaries received 
income tax assessment notices for $9.7 million (KRW 10.4 billion) for the years 2011 through 2014 from the South 
Korea tax authorities. We disagree with the Korean tax authorities' assessment and are appealing.

In many cases, our uncertain tax positions are related to tax years that remain subject to examination by the relevant 
taxing authorities. The following table summarizes these open tax years by jurisdiction with major uncertain tax positions:

84

Jurisdiction

United States
Korea
United Kingdom
The Netherlands
Greece
Denmark

12. Fair Value Measurements

Open Tax Year

Examination
in progress
2013 - 2016
2011 - 2014
2013 - 2015
None
None
2013 - 2015

Examination not

yet initiated

2017
2015 - 2017
2016 - 2017
2013 - 2017
2012 - 2017
2016 - 2017

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, accounts payable and accrued expenses 
and other current liabilities approximate fair value based on the short term maturities of these instruments. The carrying 
values of our debt and notes receivables approximate fair value since these instruments bear interest either at variable 
rates or fixed rates which are not materially different than market rates. Based on the fair value hierarchy, our debt of 
$0.9 billion and $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively, and our notes receivable 
of $44.9 million and $16.9 million as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively are categorized in 
Level 2.

Recurring Fair Value Measurements.

The following table presents information about our gross assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a 
recurring basis as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 (in millions):

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2017
Total Fair
Level 1
Inputs

Level 2
Inputs

Level 3
Inputs

Value

Assets:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency contracts
Cash surrender value of life insurance
Total assets at fair value

Liabilities:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency contracts
Total liabilities at fair value

Assets:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency contracts
Cash surrender value of life insurance
Total assets at fair value

Liabilities:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency contracts
Total liabilities at fair value

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

85

196.3 $

106.1 $

196.3 $

120.2 $

210.6 $

111.8 $

210.6 $

120.5 $

8.5
5.6

8.7

—
—

—

1.2 $
—
—
1.2 $

1.4 $
—
1.4 $

303.6
8.5
5.6
317.7

323.9
8.7
332.5

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2016
Total Fair
Level 1
Inputs

Level 2
Inputs

Level 3
Inputs

Value

273.6 $

—
—

273.6 $

236.6 $

—

236.6 $

55.3 $
16.0
4.0
75.3 $

88.8 $
6.4
95.2 $

2.3 $
—
—
2.3 $

0.7 $
—
0.7 $

331.2
16.0
4.0
351.2

326.1
6.4
332.5

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the periods presented. The fair values of our commodity 
contracts measured using Level 3 inputs were not material at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  

For our derivative contracts, we may enter into master netting, collateral and offset agreements with counterparties. 
These agreements provide us the ability to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations, request additional collateral 
when necessary or liquidate the collateral in the event of counterparty default. We net fair value of cash collateral paid 
or received against fair value amounts recognized for net derivative positions executed with the same counterparty 
under the same master netting or offset agreement.

86

The following tables summarize those commodity derivative balances subject to the right of offset as presented on 
our consolidated balance sheet. We have elected to offset the recognized fair value amounts for multiple derivative 
instruments executed with the same counterparty in our financial statements when a legal right of offset exists.

Fair Value as of December 31, 2017

Gross

Amounts
Recognized

303.6
8.5
312.0

Amounts

Gross
Offset

$ 228.4
6.7
$ 235.2

323.9
8.7
332.5

$ 228.4
6.7
$ 235.2

Net

Amounts
Presented

Cash

Collateral

$

$

$

$

75.1
1.7
76.9

95.4
2.0
97.4

$

$

$

$

21.2
—
21.2

39.2
—
39.2

Fair Value as of December 31, 2016

Gross

Amounts
Recognized

Amounts

Gross
Offset

Net Amounts
Presented

Cash

Collateral

331.2
16.0
347.2

$ 249.7
5.1
$ 254.8

326.1
6.4
332.5

$ 249.7
5.1
$ 254.8

$

$

$

$

81.5
10.9
92.4

76.5
1.2
77.7

$

$

$

$

27.1
—
27.1

2.0
—
2.0

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Gross
Amounts
Without
Right of
Offset

Net

Amounts

— $
—
— $

— $
—
— $

53.9
1.7
55.7

56.2
2.0
58.2

Gross
Amounts
Without
Right of
Offset

Net

Amounts

— $
—
— $

— $
—
— $

54.5
10.9
65.3

74.5
1.2
75.7

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Assets:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency
Total assets at fair value

Liabilities:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency
Total liabilities at fair value

Assets:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency
Total assets at fair value

Liabilities:
Commodities contracts
Foreign currency
Total liabilities at fair value

At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not present any amounts gross on our consolidated balance sheet where we 
had the right of setoff.

Concentration of Credit Risk

The  individual  over-the-counter  (OTC)  counterparty  exposure  is  managed  within  predetermined  credit  limits  and 
includes the use of cash-call margins when appropriate, thereby reducing the risk of significant nonperformance. 
At December 31,  2017, two counterparties  each  represented  over 10% of  our  credit  exposure  to  OTC  derivative 
counterparties for a total credit risk of 24.2 million.

13. Business Segments, Geographic Information, and Major Customers

Business Segments

We operate in three reportable segments consisting of aviation, land and marine. Corporate expenses are allocated 
to the segments based on usage, where possible, or on other factors according to the nature of the activity. Our 
operating segments are determined based on the different markets in which we provide products and services, which 
are defined primarily by the customers and the products and services provided to those customers. Accordingly, our 
aviation, land and marine segments are organized based on the specific markets their functional business components 
serve, which are primarily businesses and governmental customers operating in those respective markets.

87

In our aviation segment, we offer fuel and related products and services to major commercial airlines, second and third 
tier airlines, cargo carriers, regional and low cost carriers, airports, fixed based operators, corporate fleets, fractional 
operators,  private  aircraft,  military  fleets  and  the  U.S.  and  foreign  governments  as  well  as  intergovernmental 
organizations. In addition, we supply products and services to U.S. and foreign government, intergovernmental and 
military customers, such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).

In our land segment, we offer fuel, lubricants, power and natural gas solutions through Kinect, our global energy 
management  services  platform,  and  related  products  and  services  to  customers  including  petroleum  distributors 
operating in the land transportation market, retail petroleum operators, and industrial, commercial, residential and 
government customers. 

Our marine segment product and service offerings include fuel, lubricants and related products and services to a broad 
base of customers, including international container and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time charter 
operators, offshore rig owners and operators, the U.S. and foreign governments as well as other fuel suppliers. 

Within each of our segments we may enter into derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of market price fluctuations 
and also to offer our customers fuel pricing alternatives to meet their needs.

88

Information concerning our revenue, gross profit, income from operations, depreciation and amortization and capital 
expenditures by segment is as follows (in millions):

Revenue:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment

Gross profit:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment

Income from operations:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment

Corporate overhead - unallocated

Depreciation and amortization:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Corporate

Capital expenditures:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Corporate

For the Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

14,538.2 $
10,958.0
8,199.3
33,695.5 $

10,914.4 $
8,918.8
7,182.5
27,015.8 $

11,739.8
9,274.3
9,367.2
30,381.4

440.5 $
365.8
126.0
932.2 $

192.9 $

(7.9)
(57.8)
127.2
(81.6)
45.6 $

26.8 $
49.8
5.8
3.5
86.0 $

12.3 $
21.0
1.5
19.1
54.0 $

401.0 $
348.5
149.5
899.0 $

160.5 $
70.8
30.2
261.5
(72.7)
188.9 $

24.2 $
47.1
6.6
4.4
82.3 $

4.9 $
12.3
6.1
14.5
37.7 $

361.9
309.5
189.6
861.0

132.2
101.4
73.0
306.5
(60.9)
245.7

22.6
32.9
6.4
3.7
65.5

13.4
16.4
8.0
10.6
48.4

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

(1)

(2)

Includes a $52.4 million of restructuring charges and a $12.8 million impairment charge attributable to
certain long term assets in 2017.

Includes a $79.1 million impairment charge attributable to the impairment of goodwill and other long term
assets, and $1.4 million of restructuring charges in 2017.

89

Information concerning our accounts receivable, net, and total assets by segment is as follows (in millions):

Accounts receivable, net:
Aviation segment, net of allowance for bad debt of $10.8 and $6.6 as of
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively
Land segment, net of allowance for bad debt of $6.6 and $8.2 as of
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively
Marine segment, net of allowance for bad debt of $10.4 and $10.2 as of
December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively

Total assets:
Aviation segment
Land segment
Marine segment
Corporate

Geographic Information

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

$

$

1,013.0 $

874.7

817.9

2,705.6 $

2,240.4 $
2,091.4
1,097.1
158.9

5,587.8 $

776.0

737.5

830.5
2,344.0

2,050.6
1,928.5
1,287.7
145.8
5,412.6

Information concerning our revenue and property and equipment, net, as segregated between the Americas, EMEA 
(Europe,  Middle  East  and Africa)  and  the Asia  Pacific  regions,  is  presented  as  follows,  based  on  the  country  of 
incorporation of the relevant subsidiary (in millions):

Revenue:
United States
EMEA (1)
Asia Pacific (2)
Americas, excluding United States
Total

Property and equipment, net:
United States
EMEA
Asia Pacific
Americas, excluding United States
Total

For the Year ended December 31,

2017

2016

2015

$

$

17,938.0 $
7,553.3
4,923.0
3,281.2
33,695.5 $

14,368.8 $
6,018.6
4,271.1
2,357.2
27,015.8 $

15,496.3
6,382.2
5,863.4
2,639.5
30,381.4

As of December 31,

2017

2016

$

$

152.6 $
120.2
10.4
46.7
329.8 $

137.7
122.9
1.4
49.1
311.2

(1)

(2)

Includes revenue related to the U.K. of $5.0 billion, $4.1 billion and $4.7 billion for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

Includes revenue related to Singapore of $4.8 billion, $4.2 billion and $5.8 billion for 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.

90

Major Customers

During each of the years presented on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, none of 
our customers accounted for more than 10% of total consolidated revenue. Sales to government customers, which 
includes sales to the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency and NATO, have accounted for a material portion of our profitability 
in recent years and we expect this to continue in the foreseeable future. The profitability associated with our government 
business can be significantly impacted by supply disruptions, border closures, road blockages, hostility-related product 
losses, inventory shortages and other logistical difficulties that can arise when sourcing and delivering fuel in areas 
that are actively engaged in war or other military conflicts. Our sales to government customers may fluctuate significantly 
from time to time as a result of the foregoing factors, as well as the level of troop deployments and related activity in 
a particular region or area or the commencement, extension, renewal or completion of existing and new government 
contracts. Furthermore, changes in military policies or priorities, such as the decision to withdraw or reduce armed 
force levels in different geographies, can be sudden, subjecting us to losses or higher expenses associated with 
disposing of unused inventory, removal or abandonment of equipment and relocation of employees.

14. Summary Quarterly Information (Unaudited)

The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results for 2017 and 2016 (in millions, except earnings per share 
data):

Revenue
Gross profit
Net income including noncontrolling interest
Net income attributable to World Fuel
Basic earnings per common share (3)
Diluted earnings per common share (3)

Revenue
Gross profit
Net income including noncontrolling interest
Net income attributable to World Fuel
Basic earnings per common share (3)
Diluted earnings per common share (3)

March 31,

2017 

June 30,

2017

September 30,

December 31,

2017 (1)

2017 (2)

8,194.3 $
231.4 $
31.1 $
31.3 $
0.46 $
0.45 $

8,086.2 $
231.0 $
30.3 $
30.0 $
0.44 $
0.44 $

8,543.0 $
239.9 $
(37.9) $
(38.5) $
(0.57) $
(0.57) $

8,872.0
229.9
(193.7)
(193.1)
(2.86)
(2.86)

March 31,

2016

June 30,

2016

September 30,

December 31,

2016 

2016 

5,190.8 $
221.5 $
51.6 $
51.8 $
0.74 $
0.74 $

6,633.0 $
218.5 $
29.8 $
30.0 $
0.43 $
0.43 $

7,399.8 $
236.7 $
43.0 $
42.7 $
0.62 $
0.61 $

7,792.1
222.3
2.1
2.2
0.03
0.03

$
$
$
$
$
$

$
$
$
$
$
$

(1)

(2)

Includes a valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets of $76.9 million, due to our U.S. operations
generating a three-year cumulative loss during the quarter.

In the fourth quarter of 2017, we included in our operating expenses $91.9 million for goodwill and other impairment
related charges, $59.6 million for restructuring related charges and a one-time transition tax charge of $143.7
million which was reduced by the reversal of the third quarter valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred tax assets
of $76.9 million.

(3) Basic and diluted earnings per share are computed independently for each quarter and the full year based upon
respective weighted average shares outstanding. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly basic and diluted earnings
per share amounts may not equal the annual basic and diluted earnings per share amounts reported.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

We have elected not to include the voluntary, summary information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16.

91

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
Form 10 K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 28, 2018.

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORPORATION

/s/ MICHAEL J. KASBAR

 Michael J. Kasbar
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ IRA M. BIRNS

 Ira M. Birns
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Form 10 K has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 28, 2018.

Signature
/s/ MICHAEL J. KASBAR
Michael J. Kasbar

/s/ IRA M. BIRNS
Ira M. Birns

/s/ KEN BAKSHI
Ken Bakshi

/s/ JORGE L. BENITEZ
Jorge L. Benitez

/s/ STEPHEN J. GOLD
Stephen J. Gold

/s/ RICHARD A. KASSAR
Richard A. Kassar

/s/ JOHN L. MANLEY
John L. Manley

/s/ J. THOMAS PRESBY
J. Thomas Presby

/s/ STEPHEN K. RODDENBERRY
Stephen K. Roddenberry

/s/ PAUL H. STEBBINS
Paul H. Stebbins

Title
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

Director

92

Corporate Information

Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting will be held on May 24, 2018 at 8:00 a.m. EDT at the offices of Chadbourne & Parke LLP 
in the Credit Agricole Building located at 1301 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019-6022. 
The company will be furnishing proxy materials to shareholders on the internet rather than mailing printed copies
of those materials to each shareholder. A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials will be mailed to each
shareholder, which will provide instructions as to how shareholders may access and review the proxy materials for
the 2018 Annual Meeting on the website referred to in the Notice, or, alternatively, request a printed copy of the proxy
materials be sent to them by mail.

Independent Registered
Certified Public Accountants
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Miami, FL

Transfer Agent and Registrar
For change of address, lost stock certificates and other
stock certificate-related inquiries, please contact:

EQ Shareowner Services
Tel +1 800 468 9716 | +1 651 450 4064
Fax +1 866 729 7680
shareowneronline.com

By U.S. Mail
P.O. Box 64854
St. Paul, MN 55164-0854

By Courier
110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101
Mendota Heights, MN 55120

Stock Listing
The Company’s common stock is traded on the New York
Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol: INT

Shareholder Inquiries
For copies of the Company’s recent news releases and
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings,
including Forms 10-K and 10-Q and any exhibits thereto,
please contact:

Investor Relations
Ira M. Birns
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Tel +1 305 428 8000
E-mail investor@wfscorp.com

For copies of material filed by the Company with the
SEC, please contact:

The Office of Investor Education and Advocacy
100 F Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20549
Tel +1 800 732 0330

The SEC also maintains a website of materials
electronically filed by the Company, such as reports,
proxy information statements, and other documents at:
sec.gov

Corporate Contact Informration
World Fuel Services Corporation
9800 NW 41 Street
Miami, FL 33178
Tel +1 305 428 8000
wfscorp.com

819836ins.indd   4

3/20/18   1:09 PM

9800 NW  41 ST
MIAMI, FL 33178

+1 305 428 8000

wfscorp.com

819836Outside Covs.indd   1

3/20/18   1:11 PM

