
Our people share a passion to help meet the world’s current and increasing energy needs, while providing communities and countries the opportunity for social and economic growth due to the availability of reliable, affordable electric power.
We recognize that our people are our greatest asset, and they set the foundation of our ability to achieve the long-term goals we’ve set for the company. Without the leadership, diversity, skills and knowledge that our people bring to the work they do, the success we’ve achieved would not have been possible.
Our workforce is comprised of individuals from diverse backgrounds, cultures and disciplines. We do not view diversity simply as a responsibility to be met, a policy to implement, benefits to offer or a program to run. Our view on diversity and the value it brings to our company and the communities we serve is not defined by race, gender, age or orientations.
The people who track our finances, run our plants and restore power after storms reflect the customers and communities whose lives we are improving through the services we provide and the investments we make in local safety, infrastructure, education and environmental programs.
As a company, we recognize that the energy our people bring to their work makes everything possible. Guided by our shared values, our workforce is committed to operational excellence and meeting the world’s changing power needs. Our company tag line “We are the energy” underscores that our people are the energy that makes it all happen.
At AES, we know we need to have the right people in the right place at the right time to meet the company’s commitments and sustain our success, which is why we have a comprehensive approach to managing our talent and developing leaders. Our mission is improving lives by providing safe, reliable and sustainable energy solutions in every market we serve, thereby creating a competitive advantage for the company.
Refer to our sustainability report for more details about our demographics.
Our People material issues include global talent management and occupational safety and health.

