

The Power Of Inclusive Diversity.
At Allstate, we embrace our differences, which help us deliver better results for those we serve.

VIDEO
Inclusive diversity is one of Allstate's core values. Actively seeking out and leveraging the collective mixture of individual differences and similarities improves business outcomes for our workforce, the marketplace and our communities. From characteristics (age, gender, race, sexual orientation, disabilities etc.), to values and beliefs (religion, attitude, lifestyles, political views, etc.), along with our backgrounds and experiences (personal, educational, functional, etc.); we are committed to holding each other accountable for creating an inclusive environment where diverse perspectives are encouraged and embraced.
See available jobs at Allstate
Our commitment to inclusive diversity influences how we do business; it helps us connect with our customers and each other.

Allstate has been recognized as one of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity by DiversityInc for 13 consecutive years.

Learn more about Allstate's commitment to Inclusive Diversity.




Allstate believes diversity is one of the organization's greatest strengths and is committed to providing a diverse culture and inclusive working environment. 
See how Allstate is dedicated to providing workforce diversity. 



In order to evolve with the ever-changing marketplace, Allstate continues to grow with its customers and the communities they live and work in. 
Take a look at Allstate's efforts to adapt to marketplace diversity. 


The people we serve are so much more than just customers to our agents—they are neighbors, friends and familiar faces. This ability to connect and serve sets our agents apart from the others. 

Learn more about Allstate's commitment to community diversity. 



To foster a positive, inspirational and inclusive work environment, Allstate has established a number of employee resource groups to unite coworkers with one another. 

View Allstate's various employee resource groups.


Allstate likes to support small and diverse businesses, understanding that their success not only benefits the Allstate organization, but also local communities. 

See Allstate's commitment to providing supply chain diversity. 



Each year Allstate is involved in helping a number of programs, events and organizations 
that support minority or diverse groups across the country. 

Learn more about Allstate's diversity events and initiatives. 


