
Both clients and employees benefit from our inclusive culture
Diversity is reflected in everything that drives our success – from our people, corporate values and business strategy to our culture and history of giving back to our communities where we live and work.
Approximately 20,000 people form the foundation of Ameriprise Financial.1 This variety of experiences, opinions and lifestyles enhances our organization and helps us better understand each other and our clients. We embrace diversity at the highest levels of leadership:

We invest in our employees and strive to maximize the diverse experience on our teams to drive innovation, build talent and strengthen our client relationships.
We empower and encourage employees to grow and develop.
We welcome all employees to contribute ideas and add value to our strategies.
We volunteer time and contribute resources to organizations and people in need.
Our grant-making efforts are focused where we can best leverage our resources, meet needs in the community and match the interests of our employees.

Consumers, clients and employees can see that we're sensitive to their needs, accept and understand their perspectives, and value and support them and their communities.

Ameriprise Financial named a Best Place to Work for the 9th time by the Minneapolis/ St. Paul Business Journal2

Ameriprise Financial business resource networks
We demonstrate our commitment to inclusion through more than a dozen networks. These networks provide opportunities for professional development and relationship building while promoting awareness and community service.




BEN – Black Employee Network





CHAI – Jewish Employee Network





STRIVE – Abilities Network





EWEx – East-West Exchange, Asian-American Employee Network





HOLA – Hispanos, Latinos & Amigos Network





MECCA –Muslim Employees Connecting and Contributing to Ameriprise





FAMILY – Family and Life Stages Network





PRIDE – Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender Employee Network





SALT – Christian Employee Network





SANA – South Asian Network of Ameriprise





VETNET – Veteran's Employee Network





WIN – Women's Interest Network





YPN – Young Professionals Network



 
Advisor Networks




Christian Franchise Advisor Network





The Women's Empowerment Network



 

1Includes employees and advisors, per Ameriprise Financial 2016 10-K
2Human Rights Campaign Corporate Quality Index, 2017
3Minneapolis/ St. Paul Business Journal 2009-2014, 2016-2018


