Core Policy
To provide genuine equal opportunity to all people, it is the policy of Apache Corporation and its subsidiaries to base all employment-related decisions and actions exclusively on employment-related criteria. 
To provide genuine equal opportunity to all people, it is the policy of Apache Corporation and its subsidiaries to provide broad dissemination of job opportunities, as consistent with the nature of the positions.
To provide genuine equal opportunity to all people, it is the policy of Apache Corporation and its subsidiaries to review its employment-related policies and actions on a regular basis to ensure that their application is consistent with their intent.
Supplemental Policy
This supplemental policy is provided to clarify, but not to limit or alter the scope of the core policy, and to meet the requirements of various laws, regulations and contracts.
It is the policy of Apache Corporation and its subsidiaries to employ qualified persons of the greatest ability without discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment because of any protected group status, including race, color, religion, sex, familial status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, physical or mental disability or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. To implement this policy, we undertake that:

We will recruit, hire, train and promote qualified persons in all job titles, without regard to any protected group status;
We will base decisions on employment so as to further the principle of equal employment opportunity;
We will ensure that employment decisions are in accord with principles of equal employment opportunity by imposing only valid job requirements;
We will ensure that all personnel actions such as compensation, benefits, transfers, promotions, layoffs, return from layoff, Company sponsored training, education, tuition assistance, social and recreational programs will be administered without regard to protected group status.

Apache Corporation is a federal government contractor and, as such, has developed affirmative action plans and programs pursuant to Executive Order 11246, the 1973 Rehabilitation Act, and the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended.  Apache Corporation’s policy is to comply with these laws and the programs created pursuant to these laws.
Overall responsibility for the implementation of this policy and the affirmative action plans and programs is delegated to the Equal Employment Coordinator.
G. Steven Farris
Chairman and chief executive officer
July 15, 2008
 