

LGBTQ rights are human rights.
People should not be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
We’re honored to be rated one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) and to have received a perfect score on its Corporate Equality Index for 15 consecutive years.
In 2017, we dedicated a portion of the proceeds from our Pride Edition Apple Watch band to help support the work of GLSEN, PFLAG, The Trevor Project, and ILGA.
And we use our voice to advocate for LGBTQ rights and freedom around the world.


15 years
perfect score on HRC’s Corporate Equality Index



Erick, finance analyst, retail.



Quote by

I’ve gotten a lot from Apple. And I want to give something back.


Erick, finance analyst, retail





																	Read Erick’s story










Seven years ago, when Erick first began working at Apple in Shanghai, his mother gave him very clear advice. “Hide yourself,” she said. “Don’t tell anyone you’re gay.” But Erick found encouragement and support from his team. “I felt comfortable and relaxed talking to my manager. I didn’t feel scared to come out.” So he did. “I don’t need to hide anything. I’m very comfortable identifying myself as gay at work.” Erick wanted to help others feel comfortable, too. So he helped start a grassroots LGBTQ support group in Shanghai. “I’ve gotten a lot from Apple. And I want to give something back.”





Sprite, software engineer.



Quote by

We’re not afraid to adapt and change to become more welcoming. I think we walk the talk here. We don’t just say we embrace diversity and inclusion. We do it.


Sprite, software engineer





																	Read Sprite’s story










In 2009, Sprite lived in Hong Kong, was living as a man, and had just begun a career at Apple. A lot has changed since then. Sprite now lives in the United States, lives openly as a woman, and supports other trans people at Apple. When she transferred to California, she began the process of transitioning. “I was grateful I found support from my managers and coworkers during my journey.” Inspired by Apple’s involvement in the Human Rights Campaign, America’s largest civil rights organization working to achieve LGBTQ equality, Sprite found ways to make a difference herself. She became one of the first members of the Trans & Friends support group at Apple. And she helped create a process for Apple employees to update personal information to match their gender identity in internal systems like email. “We’re not afraid to adapt and change to become more welcoming. I think we walk the talk here. We don’t just say we embrace diversity and inclusion. We do it.”




