

Who you are as a person matters. We value you as much for who you are as for what you do.
One way we build an increasingly inclusive work environment is through our global network of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). These groups bring together individuals with common backgrounds and interests ranging from ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation, to life experiences and career paths. The groups collaborate with each other to offer joint programming and convene at our annual Inclusion and Diversity Summit to share best practices and participate in training.
Diversity is a key sustainable advantage that drives innovation and helps advance our business. That’s why we actively foster and encourage it.
Join one or more of our Employee Resource Groups as a member or ally to help build diverse perspectives into our culture, our work and our world.


Arconic African Heritage Network
The AAHN serves as a vital resource for people of African heritage and the broader organization.
We sponsor mentoring programs, professional training and webinars, career development and networking events, employee engagement opportunities and volunteer activities aimed at empowering members to reach their full potential. We also collaborate with the National Society of Black Engineers and Howard University, one of the country's premier historically black universities, to advance the academic and professional success of African heritage students and professionals.
These initiatives tangibly improve Arconic’s businesses and positively impact our communities.


Arconic Hispanic Network
The success of the Hispanic ERG at our Davenport, Iowa facility—Davenport HABLO—inspired the creation of a company-wide network of employees passionate about the culture and interests of the largest minority group in the United States.Founded in 2016, the Arconic Hispanic Network has hundreds of members working to celebrate Hispanic culture, support the attraction, retention and development of Hispanic employees and build external community partnerships that help support the STEM education and career success of Hispanics broadly.
What does that mission look like in action? Arconic Hispanic Network hosts conociéndonos, or “getting to know each other” events, that offer Hispanic perspectives on leadership. And network leadership participates in conferences and panel discussions with community partners on issues relevant to the Hispanic community.


Arconic Veterans Network
Veterans, active reservists and their allies worldwide have a home at Arconic and in the Arconic Veterans Network. Veterans bring a unique and valuable skill set to the broader organization, and our network helps promote their interests while creating a workplace camaraderie similar to what they experienced in military service.
By supporting efforts, such as Hiring Our Heroes, we attract talent from all branches of military service in the countries in which Arconic operates and provide mentoring and professional development opportunities designed to retain that talent. The Arconic Veterans’ Network also engages in community activities in partnership with American Corporate Partners by matching current and retired Arconic employees with veterans who are transitioning to the corporate world.


Arconic Women’s Network
With more than 40 chapters worldwide, Arconic Women’s Network (AWN)—one of our longest-running Employee Resource Groups—is a powerful catalyst for the advancement of women at Arconic. The network serves as a forum where members can develop mentorships and share experiences, information and resources with other members, other Employee Resource Groups, customers and community networks, such as the Society of Women Engineers and the Manufacturing Institute.
Each year, AWN participates in International Women’s Day to celebrate the achievements of women and call for an acceleration of gender parity. The group supports Arconic initiatives that break down barriers and improve gender representation, for which the company received the prestigious Catalyst Award in 2013.


EAGLE
EAGLE is Arconic’s network of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) employees and their allies. With hundreds of members in 13 countries, EAGLE works to create an affirming work environment where all employees are empowered to reach their full career potential while bringing their "whole selves" to work.
EAGLE has been instrumental in driving policy changes such as an expansion of domestic partnership and transgender health care benefits. For several consecutive years, Arconic has proudly received a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, a U.S. national benchmarking tool on corporate policies and practices pertinent to LGBT employees.


Next Generation Network 
Focused on early career professionals and those who have recently joined Arconic, the Next Generation Network helps develop and connect the next generation of leaders through activities, such as speed lunchtime learning sessions, community volunteer days, and engaging with Arconic’s interns.


