Our Priorities
Autoliv’s most important contribution to society and sustainability are our products that save over 30,000 lives a year and prevent countless more injuries. Long-term research, continuous product development and quality assurance of our products are of paramount importance for us. We also consider various sustainability aspects in our materials management and ensure compliance with different product regulations.
Research
Autoliv is not only developing and engineering technologies to enable more lives to be saved but also providing guidance, through research, on how to accomplish this goal.
Read more about our research activities.
Product Development
Our technology is the foundation for Autoliv’s strong position in real-life vehicle safety. We have pioneered innovation since the 1950s and incrementally innovate our passive portfolio to improve protection, such as active seatbelts and complementary airbag solutions.
Explore our products
Quality
Quality is a top priority for Autoliv. Our life-saving products never get a second chance and this is why we can never compromise on quality. Quality is also a key to our financial performance, since excellence in quality is critical for winning new orders, preventing recalls and maintaining low scrap rates. Therefore, we are fully committed to providing quality products and services to all our customers.
Explore how Quality relates to Autoliv's Strategy.
Materials Management
Autoliv Global materials management aims to ensure an optimized material catalogue and supply base within Autoliv that meets our global requirements for all functions and all products. Efficient materials management supports Autoliv’s 1P1P strategy, which aims to reduce cost and complexity. Our Materials Management team is responsible for defining preferred materials and their approved suppliers. As part of our work related to materials management, we have standards that define requirements for reporting the material composition of our supplied parts and the restrictions to which certain substances will be subject. The definitions of declarable, restricted and forbidden substances are based on customer specifications and subject to governmental regulations, including European Union ELV (end-of-life vehicles) and REACH regulations, and the US Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) disclosure rules related to Conflict Minerals. The work is supported by an internal material data system.
 
 

