





          Global Inclusion and Diversity in the Workplace.
      
At Baxter, inclusion and diversity is about building diverse, high-performing teams that are engaged and innovative, and advancing company culture so that every employee feels valued, respected and safe to be their authentic self. We are committed to attracting, motivating and retaining an inclusive and diverse workforce to better address the needs of our employees, customers, suppliers, patients and caregivers. By valuing differences, we make a difference in the lives of millions worldwide.
Our global inclusion strategy focuses on four key areas:
Workforce: Recruit and build diverse and high-performing teams that are engaged and innovative
Workplace: Advance the company’s inclusive culture where every employee feels valued, respected and safe to be their authentic self
Communities: Cultivate strategic and diverse supplier and community partnerships
Marketplace: Consider the needs of customers and their patients in all aspects of Baxter’s business

"Baxter is committed to fostering an inclusive work environment that attracts, engages and retains a diverse workforce to drive healthcare innovation that betters the lives of the patients we serve. Integrating different backgrounds and perspectives within all facets of our organization is what allows us to continue delivering on our mission to save and sustain lives." 
Joe Almeida, ​Chairman and CEO
"We've made our focus on global inclusion a long-term priority since an inclusive workplace is critical to our success and to employee satisfaction. In fact, we have a number of activities underway to help Baxter recruit, hire and retain talent from different backgrounds, cultures and experiences. And, we are committed to a culture where all employees can collaborate and work together effectively."
Jeanne Mason, Senior Vice President, Human Resources    




 
VIDEO


Valuing differences helps us make a difference in the lives of millions worldwide.






      To advance our global inclusion strategy...
  







      We Believe in Equal Opportunity
  
 As an equal opportunity employer, Baxter prohibits employment discrimination or harassment of applicants, employees and third parties due to race, color, religion or religious creed, gender, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status or any other basis protected by law.





      We Provide Inclusion & Diversity Training
  
 All employees complete inclusion and diversity training designed with a critical focus on unconscious bias, its effects and ways to mitigate and remove it. Baxter further engages employees thinking about their biases by embedding bias checks, specific suggestions and actions on ways to mitigate or remove biases, during key talent decisions, including hiring, giving feedback, talent review, etc. 





      We Lead with a Global Inclusion Council
  
 Baxter’s Global Inclusion Council (GIC) is chaired by the company’s Corporate Vice President–Americas, and is composed of approximately 15 senior leaders from the company’s businesses, regions and functions. These leaders serve as inclusion and diversity champions, advocates and thought leaders across the company. The GIC is responsible for advocating and driving the company’s global inclusion and diversity priorities, as well as developing and implementing local inclusion plans. The GIC continues to focus globally on advancing women and underrepresented minorities in leadership and driving inclusive leadership capabilities and culture.




      Supporting Education Programs
  
 We support and participate in education programs that promote diversity and inclusion in the next generation to enter the workforce.
[email protected], Expanding Minds with Real-World Science, a multi-year commitment to Chicago Public Schools to support teacher training and student development in healthcare and biotechnology.
Instituto Health Sciences Career Academy, a charter school in Chicago consisting predominantly of Latino students, which prepares students for success in healthcare careers.
Street Law Inc., a nonprofit organization dedicated to teaching law, democracy and human rights, particularly among groups underrepresented in the legal field.






      We Support Business Resource Groups
  
 Business Resource Groups (BRGs) provide a forum for employees to develop skills, experience valuable cultural connections and support key business initiatives. These groups support Baxter's business goals and aim to enhance personal growth and multicultural understanding, while strengthening relationships among employees, customers, business partners and community partners. Baxter has eight established BRGs: the African American Leadership Council, Asian Leadership Network, [email protected], Baxter Equality Network, Baxter Women Leaders, Baxter EnAbles, Early Career Professionals and BaxVets.





      We Value Military Experience
  
 Skills developed in the military are highly transferable to a career at Baxter and can help our employees carry out our mission of saving and sustaining lives. Leadership, courage, unmatched loyalty, problem solving, following through on commitments and delivering results are all attributes valued at Baxter and help foster an inclusive and diverse workforce across all levels of our organization. We are proud and grateful to employ military veterans and thank them for their contributions to our company and our country.









          Equal Employment Opportunity
   







