
AN INCLUSIVE ORGANIZATION
At Spectrum, we’re proud of our diverse and inclusive workforce, which
    enables us to fully appreciate, understand, and respond to the unique needs of our customers across
    our company’s 41-state footprint. We’re committed to fostering a culture of inclusion in which
    every employee feels respected, engaged, and able to reach their full potential so that together,
    we can all support Spectrum’s objectives to exceed customer expectations.


RECRUITMENT & HIRING
To compete in today’s marketplace, we must attract, recruit, select, develop
    and retain the best talent from among the broadest range of people, backgrounds, and perspectives.
    Spectrum continues to build an inclusive workplace and a corporate culture that draws on the
    strength of our diversity.  We’re proud of our relationships with organizations that help attract and develop diverse talent, including our partnerships with the Emma Bowen and T. Howard Foundations on our corporate summer internship
    program, and industry groups like Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) and the
    National Association for Multi-Ethnicity in Communications (NAMIC) that support our recruitment
    efforts.
OUR DIVERSITY & INCLUSION COMMITMENT
Spectrum’s efforts to foster an environment of inclusion, diversity and respect touches every facet of
    our company. In addition to our workforce, we are proud of the diverse programming we offer
    customers, our growing relationships with diverse suppliers, and our investment in communities to
    close the digital divide.
None of this is accomplished merely by chance. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion starts at the very top, with our Chairman and CEO, who chairs a steering committee of leaders from across our company’s business units and works with our Chief Diversity Officer and leaders to ensure our organization and practices reflect these goals. From recruitment and hiring, to education and training, to multicultural marketing, community outreach and supplier diversity, we are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that embraces diversity.
RETENTION & DEVELOPMENT
Spectrum offers a number of development opportunities for employees. These include Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) programs such as Rising Leaders, Betsy Magness Leadership Institute and the Executive Development Series.  Through National Association for Multi-Ethnicity in Communications (NAMIC), employees can participate in Leadership Seminars and its Executive Leadership Development Program. These external programs support our ability to enhance the diversity of our leadership.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS
As a Spectrum employee, you can take advantage of our corporate partnerships
    that provide professional development opportunities.
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
Spectrum products and services are powered by the
    company, Charter Communications. Charter Communications sees the importance of
    working with diverse suppliers and considers using businesses owned by
    minority, women, veteran, service-disabled veteran, LGBT, disabled persons
    and/or economically disadvantaged small businesses whenever possible. The
    company’s diverse spend is measured and communicated regularly to company
    leaders. Diverse suppliers can register with Charter’s Supplier Diversity
    program by emailing supplierdiversity@charter.com.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY STATEMENT
The Spectrum brand is powered and innovated by Charter Communications. Charter Communications reaffirms its commitment to providing equal opportunities for employment and advancement to qualified employees and applicants. Individuals will be considered for positions for which they meet the minimum qualifications and are able to perform without regard to race, color, sex, pregnancy, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability status, medical condition, genetic information, national origin, nationality, ancestry, citizenship status, veteran status, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, domestic partnership status, or any other basis protected by law.

