Recognizing that the oil and gas industry has historically struggled with creating an inclusive and diverse workforce, Chesapeake is committed to increasing our inclusion and diversity through proactive measures. 

The Chesapeake Inclusion & Diversity Council serves as an advisory body that reports to executive management and takes a leadership role in developing and promoting inclusion practices across the company. This includes providing insights to drive positive organizational behaviors and increasing understanding of and appreciation for how inclusion and diversity drive differential performance. The Council has commitment from the top, with Jim Webb, Executive Vice President – General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, serving as the Council Chair.Chesapeake’s Inclusion & Diversity Champions support and embody the mission of the Council. A group composed of individual contributors and leaders, our Champions help identify ways for the company to embrace inclusion and work to spark cultural change within their respective areas. They also provide feedback on challenges the company faces related to inclusion and diversity and help collaborate with other Champions to identify and implement solutions. To further an environment that promotes inclusion, and in support of our Equal Employment Policy, we offer annual inclusion and diversity training to all supervisors and above, as well as an annual analysis of the company’s population to determine if there are any areas particularly lacking in inclusion and diversity. Should our review reveal areas that need inclusion and diversity focus, our Human Resources team works directly with leadership to develop an action plan for improvement. Supporting VeteransRecognizing the talent veterans bring to our organization, we offer a veterans-only email address to give military candidates direct access to our talent acquisition team. Our recruiting team members are trained to review and translate military resumes for hiring managers to highlight the skills of veteran candidates.Each Veterans Day we honor our employees who served with recognition activities in each of our offices. And for those in active duty, Chesapeake offers a military differential pay benefit to all qualified, full-time employees who are called to serve or train for 30 or more days.



