To strengthen organizational capability, we develop  our employees’ and contractors’ skills and experience through our Invest in  People strategy.


workforce training and development
As part of our Invest in People strategy, discussions focused on continually improving individual performance are held between managers and employees. In 2017, our eligible employees completed these performance discussions and set annual developmental objectives.

Skill development occurs at each stage of our employees’ careers. For example, all new employees are expected to participate in the onboarding learning journey – including the New to Chevron workshop – within their first six months on the job. In 2017, 90 percent of new hires met this goal.

Our Horizons program is an accelerated development program that builds the technical competency of employees who have fewer than six years of industry experience. More than 2,100 employees were active in Horizons in 2017.

workforce engagement
Chevron strives to communicate openly with our more than 48,000 employees. In addition to our annual Worldwide Employee Town Hall, business units around the globe conduct town hall forums and meetings, addressing topics such as safety and business performance, as well as engaging with employees on a wide variety of other topics.

Every three years, we conduct a survey of our employees worldwide to understand their level of engagement, assess Chevron against the attributes of a high-performance organization, and measure the impact of our people development programs. This survey is supplemented by Pulse Surveys of our employees, which measure our progress and reinforce Chevron’s high-performance behaviors. Our most recent employee survey found a total employee engagement score of 90 percent – among the best in the oil and gas industry. In addition, 94 percent of employees surveyed reported that they “believe strongly in the goals and objectives of Chevron” and 93 percent reported being “proud to be a part of Chevron.”

