
Dedicated to Independent Insurance Agents – Your Local Insurance Adviser
In 1950, four independent insurance agents formed The Cincinnati Insurance Company.  Their dedication and commitment to the independent agency system remains our mission as we keep agents at the center of our identity. 
We believe that locally based agents have the relationships in their communities that lead to satisfied, loyal policyholders. We complement the service you receive from your local agent by employing local field representatives who are supported by associates at our headquarters in Fairfield, Ohio. These empowered field representatives take action to respond to agents and policyholders quickly and personally.
Financial Strength and Trustworthiness
Our parent company, Cincinnati Financial Corporation, is a FORTUNE 500® company and included in the 2018 FORTUNE 500 list of the largest U.S. companies. Cincinnati Financial operates through a family of insurance and financial services subsidiaries including The Cincinnati Insurance Company which itself has four insurance subsidiaries. Together, The Cincinnati Insurance Company and its subsidiaries are among the nation's top 25 property casualty insurer groups, based on 2017 net written premiums. Four independent insurance financial strength ratings agencies acknowledge our ability to meet financial obligations to policyholders. We believe it's important to act ethically, treating people the way we would want to be treated.
Our financial strength, stability and ethical approach allow us to better serve agents, help people recover financially after losses and build value for shareholders.

The Cincinnati Insurance Company stands among the nation's top 25 property casualty insurer groups, based on 2017 net written premiums.

Claims Service - Local, Fair and Prompt
We are in the business of helping policyholders recover financially after a loss. We look to pay all that is due under your policy after a covered loss. You'll appreciate the prompt and personal service our local claims representatives deliver to help you get back on track. 
We continuously strengthen service by offering agents and policyholders a stronger local presence, unparalleled claims service, and competitive insurance products for your business, home, auto and life insurance needs. 

