

 


                    Diversity                  
Each affiliated entity is committed to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities they serve. Fostering a diverse workforce benefits both employees and patients by offering an inclusive place to provide and receive care. Across our organization, men and women from different backgrounds serve on local hospital boards of trustees, in the c-suite, as medical staff leaders, in nursing and direct care positions, and in numerous other roles. While they may come from different experiences, they all share the same goal to provide high quality patient care.
Providing Culturally Competent Care
Our affiliated hospitals and other providers are equipped so they can respond to the unique needs of multicultural patient populations. All employees receive annual training designed to support and encourage an inclusive environment for healthcare delivery and customer service. Additional resources are available to assist with the delivery of healthcare, such as translation and technology services and responding to cultural issues for patients and families of different backgrounds.
Recruiting and Retaining Diverse Talent
As Equal Opportunity Employers, our organization is collectively committed to recruiting talented employees with valuable expertise from different races, religions, genders, sexual orientations and other protected classes. Our affiliates participate in local career fairs and business expos, work with recruiting sources to actively seek diverse applicants, and partner with colleges and schools with significant minority enrollment to identify highly qualified applicants.
 
Choosing Minority Suppliers and Vendors
Our commitment to diversity extends outside our organization to select minority-, woman- and service disabled veteran-owned suppliers. Through our ownership interest in HealthTrust, a group purchasing organization, we have increased the volume of materials purchased by minority vendors by nearly 80% since 2010.


