Diversity & Inclusion
The global nature of ConocoPhillips reflects diversity and inclusion in everything we do. Our workforce represents the international communities in which we live and work, bringing together talented people from a variety of backgrounds and experiences. Valuing everyone’s contribution isn’t just something we talk about. It’s what we seek to put into practice each day.
In the SPIRIT of valuing all people, ConocoPhillips believes that diverse opinions, ideas and perspectives are what fuels innovation throughout our company and we reinforce our belief through training for employees and supervisors. We strive to create an environment where people with diverse backgrounds can succeed and actively engage diverse applicants through our outreach partnerships and activities. Everyone’s contributions are valued here. We all play a role in giving our company a competitive business advantage.
In our partnership with campuses, we contribute to various student chapters and multicultural, military and disability programs; not just to pursue talent that aligns with our values, but also as a good citizen in the communities of which we are a part.
Consistent with our focus on excellence, ConocoPhillips aims to learn from and share best practices in diversity and inclusion – for the good of our enterprise, our employees, our vendors and our communities.
Employee Network Groups
In the SPIRIT of valuing all people, ConocoPhillips supports the following internal network groups in addition to many external partnerships:

The Asian American Network provides a medium for sharing, learning and supporting one another to become better leaders and increase contributions to achieve corporate goals.
The Global Support Staff Network acts as a catalyst and change agent so that all administrative support staffs are seen as integral parts of their business teams and given the opportunity to contribute to their fullest potential.
The Hispanic Network provides leadership on diversity and Hispanic issues and focuses on business and personal development to achieve corporate, individual and community objectives.
The Jane Phillips Society is a nonprofit civic and social charitable organization engaged in local community activities.
The Black Employee Network exchanges information to increase corporate insight, knowledge and personal development among people of African descent and improves the communities in which we live and work.
The New Hire Network provides recent hires an environment in which to meet and network while promoting professional growth, effective cross-functional communication, social and volunteer opportunities and encouragement in growth and development as a way to increase retention.
The Women’s Network encourages women to take an active role in personal and professional development, provide a forum to build strong relationships through networking and make a difference through women-oriented outreach activities.
The Patriot Employee Network exists to engage employees and their families in supporting our troops, wounded heroes and families of those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
The LGBTA Employee Network creates a forum where all people who support equality of opportunity and experience, in particular for our lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) employees, and their allies, can come together to network, develop and provide value back to ConocoPhillips.
The Parents Network provides support for a positive working parent experience by advocating for parent’s issues and creating a forum for parents to network.
The Native American Network promotes tribal cultural awareness through networking, sponsorship, community service and special events.
The Diversity Network of Alaska aims to help highlight the spectrum of diversity within the Alaska business unit by recognizing their similarities, promoting opportunities to learn about their differences, and celebrating their values and experiences.
The Diversity Network of Canada aims to engage and support staff by fostering a welcoming environment that recognizes and celebrates all the unique and individual diversities across ConocoPhillips Canada.

Click Here to Read More about Our Global Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion
