
Benefits
We offer competitive benefits to help our employees stay healthy, balance their work and personal life, and meet their long-term financial goals. We offer medical, dental, vision, 401(k) and RRSP plan with employer matching and immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, and opportunities for career advancement.
Benefits include:

Medical and prescription coverage (self and dependents)
Dental coverage (self and dependents)
Vision coverage (self and dependents)
Paid vacation and holidays
Paid sick days
Life insurance
Disability coverage
Voluntary benefits (US Only)
Accidental death and dismemberment insurance
Bereavement and civic duty leave
Tuition reimbursement
Employee assistance program
401(k) plan with company match (US Only)
RRSP plan with company match (Canada Only)



Growth-Oriented
Our culture is a progressive, growth-oriented work environment, where you’ll enjoy greater independence and career opportunity. We cultivate a culture where employees with different skills, perspectives, and experiences work together effectively to meet common goals. We encourage employees to explore new directions within the company, and to apply their skills across the full spectrum of opportunities.
Development programs include:

Leadership Development Program
Management Development Program
Internship Program
Internal Driver Development Program



Family Atmosphere
Our work environment nurtures a strong family atmosphere in which ideas and solutions come from employees who collaborate and share best practices. Providing accessibility to fresh food and consumer goods—and building better careers in the process— takes more than the concentrated efforts of innovative thinkers, collaborative teammates and fresh problem solving. It requires a community who share core values, a common purpose, and a singular mission to succeed—for our customers, for ourselves, for each other. That sense of shared success has driven Core-Mark from the start, and it continues to guide our Family of Employees today.
Core Values:

Integrity The highest standards of ethics and integrity. Always “do” the right thing. Being trustworthy through our words and actions.
Pioneering Leading through innovation. Embracing the entrepreneurial spirit. Courage to change.
Family Supporting each other to reach our full potential. Respect and care for all.
Committed Accountable for our performance. Striving for excellence in all we do.
Customer Centric The customer is our business. Flexibility to meet customer needs and expectations. Commitment to our customer’s success.

At Core-Mark, we celebrate difference and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our services and our community. Core-Mark is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.

