
Respect for People is intrinsic to the DuPont experience and a natural element of our Code of Conduct. Since our inception, we have strived to manifest Respect for People every day with every interaction with every human being. Fundamental to our Respect for People core value is our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
We hunger for diverse perspectives around the table and believe that Diversity & Inclusion will help accelerate our business growth by creating a vibrant and inclusive environment that values and develops an engaged and diverse workforce.






Legacy Wall
Martin Luther King, Jr. event - participant writes on the legacy wall








DuPont Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Celebration






That’s why we sponsor Diversity & Inclusion employee conferences featuring leading experts to engage and energize DuPonters to raise the bar and build on Diversity and Inclusion’s momentum. It’s why we invite inspirational leaders to celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. annually with our employees and encourage time for self-reflection. It’s why we feature employee perspectives during our global celebration of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities and commemorate the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. It’s why we champion the cause of workplace acceptance for all and embrace equality for all.
Our inclusiveness is what allows us to develop and grow as individuals and as a company. It’s why our senior leaders actively sponsor our employee resource groups and role model inclusive behaviors. Our employee resource groups play a crucial role in creating communities for employees at DuPont and provide employees a forum to discuss their needs, provide feedback to management and develop leadership skills, and are a source of support and mentoring to their members.
Our groups include: Bisexuals, Gays, Lesbians, Transgenders and Allies at DuPont (BGLAD); Corporate Black Employees Network; DuPont Asian Group; DuPont Early Career Network; DuPont Employees Hispanic Network; People with Disabilities and Allies; DuPont Veterans Network; DuPont Women's Network.

At DuPont, we understand that we can achieve our corporate vision only with the full commitment, participation, creativity, energy and cooperative spirit of our diverse workforce. It is the policy of our company not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, gender, disability, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, marital status, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status with respect to any terms or condition of employment, including hiring, promotion, demotion, transfer, recruitment, termination, rates of pay, or other forms of compensation or benefits and selection for training.
We are proud that our leaders and employees cherish diversity and inclusion and it shows in recognition received from external peers, customers and interested organizations acknowledging our commitment to diversity.
Employee Perspectives

