
At Emerson, we are committed to creating a global workplace that supports diversity and embraces inclusion. We take pride in the people who make Emerson great. We believe that bringing together bright, enthusiastic, and talented people from a variety of backgrounds and cultures promotes the birth of new ideas and an exciting energy level.Hiring a Talented WorkforceWe promote an environment where everyone can contribute and succeed at all levels of our business. We actively recruit and hire women and minorities to our management team, and we seek to create an employer of choice environment in terms of promotions, transfers, compensation, benefits, career mentoring, company-sponsored training, tuition assistance, and social and recreational programs for our employees. We offer networking and learning opportunities through groups such as our Women in Engineering Council; and we have an internal task force that meets to identify company initiatives and best practices that will support a diverse workforce.We constantly seek to increase the diversity of our workforce by participating in recruiting events at universities and business schools, and at job fairs during professional societies’ annual conferences, to find and engage qualified candidates for both entry- and executive-level positions.Key Partnerships in the United StatesSociety of Women EngineersWe are proud to be a corporate partner of the Society of Women Engineers (SWE), an organization dedicated to the advancement of women engineers. Through SWE, we conduct outreach and recruitment of female engineering talent for our company. Consortium for Graduate Study in Management  Emerson recruits candidates for our MBA Leadership Program through our partnership with the Consortium for Graduate Study in Management, the nation's largest diversity network which seeks to reduce the underrepresentation of African Americans, Native Americans and Hispanic Americans in education and business by linking corporate partners with top-tier students.Emerson was one of the first companies to become a Consortium corporate partner and participation has become a cornerstone of our MBA recruiting program. We regularly attend Consortium-sponsored job fairs and conducts interviews at their annual conference.Military VeteransAt Emerson, we believe that veterans bring a wealth of experience and capabilities that align with our company values. We welcome veterans to explore job opportunities at our company as they transition to their post-military careers.Leadership, familiarity with technology, learning agility and a competitive spirit are all skills that veterans have honed over the course of their military career and skills we value in our employees. Veterans play a role at many levels of the company across a variety of functions ranging from engineering and manufacturing to corporate strategy and business development to product planning and marketing.We recruit veterans across our global organization, and participate in events and partnerships to that end. Our recruiting team from Emerson Automation Solutions in Texas participates in the Service Academy Career Conference, which allow us to connect with high potential candidates that have graduated from service academies. Our Rosemount Measurement business has a Veterans Outreach Committee committed to establishing veteran friendly practices for recruiting, onboarding and retention.Emerson Commercial & Residential Solutions currently participates in The Veterans and Employers Connection in Miami Valley, Ohio. The community alliance is dedicated to facilitating meaningful, long-term employment of veterans in Miami Valley with a goal of local companies hiring 5,000 veterans by 2020. In 2015, Emerson received an award for being one of the top employers for hiring veterans in the area.Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.​​ 
