
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
Energy Transfer is a Texas-based company that began in 1995 as a small intrastate natural gas pipeline operator and is now one of the largest and most diversified investment grade master limited partnerships in the United States. Growing from roughly 200 miles of natural gas pipelines in 2002 to more than 83,000 miles of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), refined products, and crude oil pipelines today.  The Energy Transfer family of partnerships remains dedicated to providing exceptional service to its customers and attractive returns to its investors.
Through several transformative transactions, we have expanded our scope of services. While we remain committed to the natural gas industry, we enhanced our diversified portfolio of assets by making a strategic entrance into the NGL business through the acquisition of Louis Dreyfus’ NGL storage, fractionation and transportation operations in 2011. In 2012, we acquired Southern Union Company, a leading diversified natural gas company, which expanded our national footprint and added more than 20,000 miles of gathering and transportation pipelines to our portfolio. We made a strong entrance into the crude oil and refined products business by acquiring Sunoco, Inc. in 2012, including its interest in Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. 
(NYSE: SXL). 
Through the merger with Regency Energy Partners in 2015, we significantly diversified our footprint, both geographically and across business lines. 
We expanded our reach in the refined products and convenience store business with the acquisition of Susser Holdings Corporation, including its interest in Susser Petroleum Partners LP, 
(now Sunoco LP - NYSE: SUN). 
In April 2017, Energy Transfer Partners and Sunoco Logistics Partners merged. 
And in October 2018, Energy Transfer Equity and Energy Transfer Partners merged. 
The combined company, now called Energy Transfer LP (NYSE: ET), is one of the largest MLPs by Enterprise Value, with a fully integrated midstream/liquids platform. 
These acquisitions, together with our already robust asset base, have enabled Energy Transfer to become a premier provider of services to producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, and refined products.
Today, there are three publicly traded partnerships in the Energy Transfer Family.
Energy Transfer LP 
(NYSE: ET) owns and operates one of the largest and most diversified portfolios of energy assets in the United States, with a strategic footprint in all of the major domestic production basins. ET is a publicly traded limited partnership with core operations that include complementary natural gas midstream, intrastate and interstate transportation and storage assets; crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and refined product transportation and terminalling assets; NGL fractionation; and various acquisition and marketing assets. ET also owns Lake Charles LNG Company.
Sunoco LP 
(NYSE: SUN) is a master limited partnership that distributes motor fuel to approximately 9,200 convenience stores, independent dealers, commercial customers and distributors located in more than 30 states. SUN's general partner is owned by Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. 
(NYSE: ETE). .
 For more information, visit the Sunoco LP website at 
www.sunocolp.com.
USA Compression Partners, LP 
(NYSE: USAC) 
is a growth-oriented Delaware limited partnership that is one of the nation's largest independent providers of compression services in terms of total compression fleet horsepower. The Partnership partners with a broad customer base composed of producers, processors, gatherers and transporters of natural gas and crude oil. The Partnership focuses on providing compression services to infrastructure applications primarily in high-volume gathering systems, processing facilities and transportation applications. 
More information is available at usacompression.com.

