





Diversity and Inclusion

Diversity 
& Inclusion VisionWe Power Life with a diverse, inclusive and engaged 
culture that inspires all individuals to work together to operate a world-class 
energy business for our owners, customers, employees and communities.
Diversity & Inclusion MissionWe achieve our Vision by:
Attracting, recruiting and retaining a skilled, high-performing and diverse 
workforce that reflects our marketplace. 
Committing resources to 
cultivate an inclusive culture that respects employees' differences, recognizes 
and rewards their diverse talents, and helps them reach their full potential.
Engaging the community and a diverse network of suppliers to create value 
for our stakeholders.




At Entergy we recognize that: 



Diversity is a business imperative that helps to achieve business results.
 We understand that in order to be a leader, not only in our industry but also 
across all businesses, we must go beyond simply accepting "equal opportunity" 
as a legal requirement. We must value and embrace diversity as a strategic 
competitive advantage. In order to do this, we must develop and promote 
leadership capable of managing in a diverse environment.


Diversity is important because we are changing. The U.S. 
population is becoming increasingly diverse and the traditional definition of 
diversity -- race, gender, and age -- has evolved appropriately to include 
anything that makes us different from one another. We are a kaleidoscope not 
only of ideas, but also of various races, religions, generations, languages and 
cultural groups.


We are collectively stronger through an inclusive culture. Entergy is 
committed to not only create and maintain, but also leverage and value the 
richness of a diverse workforce so that every employee has an equal 
opportunity to contribute in significant ways to the effectiveness of the 
organization. Our employees will be highly regarded for valuing others and 
promoting the right of every person to reach his or her full potential; that 
means integrating our values into our daily interactions and behaviors.



		 







