
Diversity and Inclusion 
When our Founders H.O. Hirt and O.G. Crawford started an insurance exchange in 1925, they turned to the Golden Rule as a guiding principle and it continues to influence us today. Through the decades, fairness and integrity continue to guide both our behavior and our organizational policies and practices. Our inclusive environment makes it possible for all employees to make the most of the opportunities. We believe that when each of us contributes our best, we uphold ERIE's values and support our ability to grow our talent and our business.


DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION IN ACTION AT ERIE
Our Diversity and Inclusion Department was founded formally in 2010. The following year we enrolled employees in awareness workshops to ensure a common understanding of ERIE’s commitment to diversity and its impact on our business. Since then, we developed an internal faculty of employees who are certified to facilitate diversity training. 
ERIE takes a broad approach to problem solving and innovation and aligns cross-functional teams of employees to our diversity and inclusion business strategy. The teams that work with our Diversity and Inclusion Department include:
 

D&I Leadership Council - The council helps to drive and manage our diversity and inclusion business strategy. They’re responsible for developing, implementing and influencing initiatives, programs, policies and processes at ERIE. The council meets quarterly and represents members of ERIE’s management team from across ERIE’s geographic footprint.  
Employee Resource Groups - Whether it’s fostering an inclusive workplace or boosting brand awareness in traditional or emerging markets, Employee Resource Groups like synERgIzE, camaradERIE, expERIEnce and Multiplicity help address ERIE’s business opportunities. 


Affinity Networks – Affinity Networks focus on various dimensions of demographic diversity. The Affinity Networks are designed to foster diversity awareness and a culture of inclusion across our company by developing and delivering programs and activities. They’re voluntary, grassroots and open to all employees. The teams include the Women’s Affinity Network, Multi-Generational Affinity Network, African American Affinity Network, Veterans Affinity Network and Dignity & Respect Affinity Network.  

 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
We’re honored to earn the recognition of several organizations, including being named a top insurance company by Black EOE Journal and Hispanic Network Magazine.
ERIE also received a perfect score of 100 percent on the 2016 Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmark on corporate policies and practices related to LGBT workplace equality. The Human Rights Campaign Foundation administers the index.
For ERIE, all of these milestones are a part of our diversity and inclusion journey. We know that by committing to this work, we’ll have teams that have a greater understanding of people who touch their lives and they will be able to think more creatively to address the business challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Erie Insurance is an equal opportunity employer.


