Exelon’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) support diversity and inclusion, bring us fresh insights and serve as a resource to the corporation and our employees. Employees initiate these company wide groups. They’re voluntary and welcoming to all. Current ERGs represent various communities including:
Exelon African-American Resource Alliance (EAARA) is an employee-driven organization supporting the recruitment, retention and professional development of African-American employees to give Exelon a competitive and strategic advantage.
Asian American Resource Group (AARG) is a bridge to the Asian American community within the Exelon family of companies and in the cities and towns we serve. It’s a resource that enables employee members to achieve their goals.
Developing Young Professionals (DYP) is a cross-functional organization that develops, connects and empowers employees. This group offers a wide range of opportunities for professional growth, networking and community service.
Eco-Team is a grassroots catalyst for sustained, carbon-reducing behavioral change.  It supports environmental entrepreneurs and enthusiasts who want to implement innovative, cost-effective workplace solutions.
Exelon Pride is organized to provide support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender employees and allies, serving as a resource for employees, supervisors and the company’s HR professionals concerning issues affecting the LGBT community.
Organization of Latinos at Exelon (OLE) promotes Exelon's business goals, showcases the company as a place to work, and serves as a professional resource with networking opportunities, programs and internal as well as in-the-community-activities.
Exelon Militaries Actively Connected (E-MAC) advocates for the recruitment, retention and advancement of veterans.  It supports veterans, families, employees who are military reservists, and reservists transitioning back to civilian life.
Exelon Network for Awareness Benefitting Leaders & Employees About Disabilities (ENABLED) raises awareness about differently-abled people, advocates for a physically inclusive environment and provides resources for employees with family members who have special needs.
Network of Exelon Women (NEW) highlights the enormous contributions women make at Exelon and throughout the energy industry. It provides support, information sharing and experiences that help them be even more successful.