Diversity
Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At First American, we are committed to creating and promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment. Our goal is to recruit, develop, promote and retain outstanding talent from a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives and skill sets. This diversity within our First American family not only allows us to better understand and meet the needs of our customers and communities, but also helps us increase our operational flexibility, expand into new markets, and develop innovative products.

Celebrating First American
We know that fostering a diverse and inclusive work place where employees feel there are no artificial barriers to the use of their talent and productivity is essential to our Company’s continued success. This is why we strive to create a culture of inclusiveness in which every individual’s contributions are valued and respected, and where diversity of thought is not only accepted, but celebrated.


A Message from our CEO
“First American’s customers are a diverse and dynamic community, and we believe they are best served by employees who are equally diverse. The collective experience, skill and knowledge that can only be gained by working with people from all backgrounds is a vital part of our success. As a leader in the communities in which we live and work, First American is committed to providing an inclusive workplace where all viewpoints are valued and respected.”
— Dennis Gilmore




Dennis Gilmore
Chief Executive Officer




Our Company is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to an active nondiscrimination program. All recruitment, hiring, placements, transfers, promotions, training, compensation, benefits, discipline, and other terms and conditions of employment will be on the basis of the qualifications of the individual regardless of race, religion, color, sex (including breast feeding and related medical conditions), gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, uniform service member and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, age, protected medical condition, genetic information, disability or any other category protected by federal, state or local law.
