
Our diversity and inclusion strategy focuses on ensuring our workforce reflects the communities and customers we serve. To ensure our diversity and inclusion initiatives remain a focus, our senior leadership team reviews information about diversity within the workforce and reports our progress to our Board of Directors. Through our efforts we have seen year-over-year increases in the number of female and minority executives as well as the number of salaried females globally and minorities in the U.S.
Our six Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are important contributors in attracting, connecting, motivating, and retaining talent, include the Goodyear Black Network (GBN), Goodyear Veterans Association (GVA), Goodyear Women’s Network (GWN), Helping Educate Regarding Orientation LGBTQ (HERO), Hispanic/Latino (HOLA), and Next Generation Leaders (NextGen). Through membership in our ERGs, our associates receive coaching, mentoring, professional development, training and networking opportunities. Our ERGs also provide opportunities for associates to serve as company ambassadors and play a crucial role in talent recruitment and development. From 2016 to January of 2018, membership in Goodyear’s ERGs increased 97% globally. Retention for our associates who participate in ERGs is nearly 40%.

DIVERSITY IN RECRUITING

Diversity and inclusion also are core components of our talent acquisition strategy. We continue to build relationships with diversity professional associations and community groups, and we use social media sites such as LinkedIn and Glassdoor to reach a diverse pool of candidates.
Today, military veterans make up more than 25% of our U.S. workforce.
DIVERSITY AWARDS
Goodyear was recognized in 2017 with several employer awards related to our diversity and inclusion efforts.

2017 Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index
Military Spouse Friendly Award 2017 (Military Friendly®)
Hiring 500,000 Heroes (U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation’s Hiring our Heroes Initiative)
100,000 Jobs Mission (Veteran Jobs Mission)



 

