

	Inspiring Inclusion
At The Hartford, we work every day to develop our inclusive culture that supports and leverages the complexity of our workforce so we can serve our customers better. We appreciate the unique characteristics, perspectives and experiences each employee brings to the workplace.

Our inclusive community provides an environment where all employees can focus on business outcomes, enables us to produce more innovative ideas and better solutions for our clients. We foster a high-performance atmosphere where employees feel comfortable giving and receiving open and honest feedback. Our deliberate focus on fostering an inclusive work environment where people can continue to progress in their careers, makes us a company of choice for employees, business partners, and customers.


	Engaging Employees
Accountability starts in the boardroom and is integrated throughout the enterprise. Inclusive leaders align our diversity and inclusion strategy with business objectives. As part of our commitment, The Hartford supports Employee Resource Groups that enable business success by helping to attract, engage, and develop top talent:
 


		APPN: Asian Pacific Professional Network

		BIPN: Black Insurance Professional Network

		FAN: Flex-abilities Network

		GLOBE: Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgendered Organization Benefiting Everyone

		HLN: Hispanic Leadership Network

		MatPros: Mature Professionals Network

		MilCom: Military Community Network

		PWN: Professional Women's Network

		YoPros: Young Professionals Network


	External Partnerships
Our network of external diversity partners help The Hartford establish strong relationships with key audiences; attract, identify and source key talent; develop and engage existing employees; and demonstrate our commitment to Diversity in our communities. We proudly support a portfolio of national and regional diversity organizations, with an emphasis on promoting diversity within the insurance industry.
 

	Diverse Suppliers
The Hartford is committed to building relationships with diverse business partners when we source outside vendors. Our supplier diversity program promotes collaboration, fosters strategic partnerships and introduces competitive sourcing opportunities that will enhance the growth of The Hartford and our supplier partner. Learn more about registering as a diverse supplier at The Hartford.
 

	The Hartford's Commitment to Human Rights

Respect for human rights is a fundamental part of The Hartford’s character and is core to our business. Doing the right thing and respecting the human rights of our employees, customers, stakeholders and those in our communities is embedded in our culture, policies, business systems and processes.
 
The frameworks provided by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights inform, influence and help shape ongoing improvements to business practices in our own operations, as well as those of our suppliers and business partners. We’re committed to advancing transparency in our work and increased disclosure and engagement in support of human rights.
 
We’re proud to have been recognized in 2018 for our continued efforts by earning a 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign’s annual Corporate Equality Index for the 10th year and by being named a World’s Most Ethical Company® 10 times by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices.1
 
 
 

