Recruiting and Retaining TalentThe importance of reaching top talent around the world has never been greater. We continue to work on developing, retaining and recruiting the best and the brightest. And we continue to leverage technology to reach more people globally. Our company invests in social media engagement, virtual interview technology and other innovative ways to reach into the talent pipeline.Educational Cooperation Helps Identify Emerging TalentPart of our ICE Data Services business is based in Tel Aviv and we seek out talented developers and financial analysts there to help drive development of new innovative products and services. Alliances with universities and research centers are critical in helping us meet our hiring needs.A notable example comes from our partnerships in Israel with Tel Aviv University, the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya and with Gvahim, a not-for-profit career development program for highly skilled immigrants.We have cooperated with the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya since 2011, participating in employment fairs in which we actively recruit and hire employees to serve our data and analytics business. At job fairs, we introduce students and graduates to our company and scout for talented applicants.“We at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya aim to provide our students with a combination of scholarly excellence and practical experience in the international business arena of the 21st century,” said Hagit Bergman, Career Advisor. “In order to achieve this goal, we have established a strong relationship with ICE, who has recruited many of our graduates over the years. They started participating in our career fair many years ago when we were still building a name for ourselves, and for that we are grateful.”Merav Lezmy was recruited to ICE’s Reval Support team thanks to the participation in a job fair. She immigrated to Israel from Scotland, and attended the International Business School Program at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya. Today she is a developer at ICE Data Services.With Tel Aviv University, we have similar career center alliances that actively feed undergraduate and MBA candidates to our company. In addition, we present annually in the University’s “Meet the financial industry” conference at the School of Management.ICE's Pay-For-Performance CultureSince our founding, we have had a pay-for-performance culture that aligns the interests of our employees and stockholders. Equity compensation is not just for corporate officers. The vast majority of employees received annual equity awards in 2016. The amount of compensation delivered via compensation programs varies by role. We believe this pay-for-performance philosophy distinguishes us from our peer group and supports and strengthensa culture that continues to drive success.Ongoing Learning and Training for EmployeesGiven our industry — financial and data services — and the technology focus of our operations, we have a highly  educated workforce. More than half of our 5,600 employees operate in technical roles, and many of them have  post-graduate degrees. We invest in our people and their careers. We believe that this helps build value for the  company, our customers and our stockholders. We offer a range of development opportunities to meet the needs of our people to help them grow in their current roles and be well positioned for future opportunities.Our success depends on all employees understanding how their work contributes to the company-wide business  strategy and we work hard to create a culture that encourages open communication and collaboration. We employ multiple tools to ensure that we are providing regular updates on our businesses. These include a daily recap of  press coverage, midday market updates, weekly newsletters, video, educational sessions and a robust and  interactive intranet, among other tools for building knowledge and sharing information. And our CEO and CFO  provide commentary and analysis in conjunction with earnings reports, as well as throughout the year as initiatives  are launched, and on an ad hoc basis to ensure the flow of communication.We support our employees both professionally and personally so that they remain engaged and motivated. Our  comprehensive benefits packages give employees and their families the resources to support their health, safety  and well-being.Employees, contractors and suppliers, as well as guests, receive training to understand workplace health and  safety. While most of our work is conducted in an office environment, in some locations, such as data centers,  more detailed information specific to the site is provided to ensure equipment is handled properly.All of these factors help support a strong retention record in our locations around the world. As we continue to  grow, we believe that the combination of our culture, performance-driven compensation and development programs  will continue to drive our ability to attract and retain top talent.