 Diversity and Inclusion Engaging. Accepting. Celebrating. 
Making a Global Commitment Our vision is to embody a diverse and inclusive culture where all individuals are valued, engaged and contributing to company success, ensuring that every work environment exemplifies respect and dignity for each individual. Our mission is to build and sustain a work environment that embraces individuality and collaboration to drive exceptional results, valuing different viewpoints and backgrounds driving towards a common goal.  The diversity and inclusion model defines how we bring our vision and mission to life through the four cornerstones:  The driving force behind this evolution is the realization that genuinely valuing inclusion and diverse ideas results in a better work environment where diversity is valued and encouraged, prompting a heightened level of collaboration and innovation that results in better business performance across the enterprise.

Diversity refers to traits that make each individual unique, such as gender, age, race, culture, sexual orientation, religious beliefs and experiences. Inclusion is a sense of belonging for all, achieved through intentional and ongoing actions.

Creating an Inclusive Culture We've put into place many programs to help our employees learn and thrive. Key focus areas include: diversity education and training; mentoring programs; forums and focus groups on diversity-related topics. In addition, our Global Diversity & Inclusion Council is a representative group of senior leaders who develop and support a strategy to create and maintain a culturally rich and competent organization. Since the council was formed in 2001, many individuals have participated in creating the vision for diversity at International Paper and fulfilling the mission.  The journey has been both exciting and rewarding as a result of the efforts and foundation laid by past council members.
Mentoring Boards Our mentoring boards allow interested employees to share cultural perspectives related to the workplace. All employees are welcome to join our three mentoring groups:  African American Hispanic and Latino Women in IP  The boards are designed to capitalize on the energy, passion and experiences of employees to improve both individual and company performance. Mentoring board leaders share knowledge and encouragement to help members with personal and professional development. We consistently look at opportunities to add mentoring boards where there is a significant level of employee interest. Inclusion Forums Inclusion Forums are held twice a year for leaders with the goal of building diversity and inclusion champions, enhancing our ability to attract and retain the best talent in the right jobs and establishing consistent inclusive leadership capability. Forum topics include:  Diversity and inclusion awareness   Workforce trends Managing diversity and communication style Generational diversity  Unconscious bias Engagement through inclusion 


Inclusion helps us leverage the diversity of our employees, engaging them and encouraging collaboration. We are committed to creating inclusive work environments that accept the open exchange of ideas and are free of cultural barriers. Through the power of people, we will succeed with customers, and deliver operational excellence to achieve our goal of making International Paper one of the best companies worldwide.




How can we help you?
International Paper is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, religion, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by law. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement - EEO is the Law poster - EEO Supplement Poster Request an accommodation - +1 877-973-3919 International Paper participates in the E-Verify program. Right to Work poster in English and Spanish. Contact Us











