
INTL FCStone Inc. (Nasdaq: INTL) provides clients across the globe with a comprehensive range of customized financial services and tools to help them protect their margins and manage volatility. A pioneer in specialized financial services, we open markets for underserved mid-market clients with insight, guidance and access. 
Who We Are
Our Vision
We believe that every company—regardless of size, regardless of industry, regardless of how long they’ve been in business—deserves access to the best advice, the best products, and the best, most efficient market access.
We are INTL FCStone.
We open markets.
Read the full Vision here
What We Do
Our Heritage The heritage of INTL FCStone dates back to 1924 when a door-to-door egg wholesaler founded a business called Saul Stone and Company. Through organic growth, acquisitions and the 2009 merger between International Assets Holding Corporation and FCStone Group, we have become a global, Fortune 500 financial services organization. Today, INTL FCStone is relied upon by thousands of companies around the world for our wide array of services — many of which are not offered by any other organization of our type – and our in-depth industry knowledge and expertise.
Our Business INTL FCStone's customers include the producers, processors and end users of virtually every major traded commodity; commercial counter-parties; governmental, non-governmental and charitable organizations; institutional investors; brokers; professional traders; commercial banks; and major investment banks.
We offer these customers a comprehensive array of products and services. Among these services are our proprietary Integrated Risk Management Program (IRMP), as well as exchange and OTC execution and clearing services, designed to limit risk and enhance margins and bottom-line results; physical trading in precious metals and grains; a global foreign exchange and currency payment service; asset management; equities market-making; securities execution and trading; and advisory services.
Learn More
Learn more about INTL FCStone and its products and services by visiting our YouTube channel.

