
Kinder Morgan’s Online Job Postings
Welcome to Kinder Morgan’s Online Job Postings.  Browse our current openings by selecting search criteria, such as keywords and/or locations.  Once you identify a job that interests you, click on the job title for a detailed description of the job and related requirements, then, apply online for immediate consideration.  

Kinder Morgan provides equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, disability, genetic information, citizenship or status as a protected veteran or any other legally protected status. For more information regarding your equal employment opportunity rights, please click here. 

Kinder Morgan is committed to ensuring that all applicants have an equal opportunity to apply for available, posted positions.  If you wish to request an accommodation related to applying for employment at Kinder Morgan because you are vision impaired or have some other disability, please click here. 

**Note to Recruiting or Staffing Agencies
             Kinder Morgan does not pay fees to recruiting or staffing agencies in which we do not have an established written agreement. 
Kinder Morgan will only pay fees for positions that are released to agencies through our Applicant Tracking System.  The release and notification from our Applicant Tracking System is job specific and all applicants must be submitted through the Applicant Tracking System. Kinder Morgan will not accept resumes submitted from agencies outside of the Applicant Tracking System.
Only designated HR representatives have the authority to engage and enter into agreements with Staffing and Recruiting agencies.  Employees making hiring decisions do not have the company’s authority to engage or enter in to agreements with Recruiting and Staffing agencies. 
If a recruiting or staffing agency submits applicants without meeting the conditions stated above, Kinder Morgan reserves the right to pursue that candidate without any financial obligation to that recruiting or staffing agency.
If you are interested in becoming a Preferred Direct Hire Staffing Vendor, please send your company information to  strategicsourcing@kindermorgan.com.
Job Seekers- In order for the applicant tracking system to work properly, please ensure the following: 
           
Pop-up blockers are turned off
Compatible Internet Browsers
                  
Internet Explorer versions 6-10
Firefox version 28
Google Chrome version 34
Safari version 5.1.1




