
L3 Technologies, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. L3 provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. L3 maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. We encourage all applicants to apply for any open position for which they are qualified and all will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status.
L3 and its divisions are committed to expanding access to employment for people with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, and your disability prevents you from applying through our Careers Job Search feature, you may contact L3 by sending an email to recruiting.admin@L3T.com or calling 801-594-2025 and referencing the open position for which you are applying. 
EEO is the Law. Applicants to and employees of L3 Technologies, Inc. are protected under Federal law from discrimination. Click here to find out more. For additional information about L3’s EEO policies and affirmative action plans, please contact us by sending an email to recruiting.admin@L3T.com or by calling 801-594-2025. 
L3 participates in E-Verify.  Click here for the E-Verify & Right to Work information in English and Spanish.
Pursuant to Executive Order 13665, L3 will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).
 

