
Stay connected to your dreams
A career at LabCorp is an experience like no other. From clients and patients to the people you work side-by-side with, there is a higher sense of purpose here. It's one place that links you to the experiences that suit your goals. You'll enjoy a challenging career with opportunities for advancement in an influential and expanding company. So whether medical or management, sales or service, you'll stay connected to what matters most to you.
Each day, we're committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment. Advancement opportunities and employment decisions will be made without regard to race, religion, sex, color, citizenship status, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status, national origin, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law.

Employee Quote


LabCorp is a wonderful company to work for. They offer training and opportunities to move within the company. I have been very fortunate to work with an amazing group of people.


~ LabCorp Employee, Administrative

Creating New Pathways to Leadership for Women
As part of a broader commitment to create an environment that is inclusive of all employees, LabCorp has intensified its focus on gender diversity through the Women in Leadership initiative. Last year the company charged its Global Talent Management team to create a comprehensive strategy that more fully leverages the capabilities of the company’s women leaders, encourages women to grow their careers at LabCorp, and enhances the company’s reputation for attracting, developing and promoting high-performing women.
Bringing the Women in Leadership initiative to life requires a disciplined framework and a multi-faceted approach. Leading the effort is Michelle Amador, director of Global Talent Management at LabCorp. "We are currently focusing on three primary areas," explains Michelle. "First, we will continue our focus on building a pipeline of strong women leaders and finding different ways to attract talented women to the company at all levels. Second, we must deliver substantial opportunities for professional development. And third, we must foster an environment that promotes networking and engagement — both with one another, and with senior leaders across the company."

Employee Quote


Our goal is to position the company and its employees for greater success by taking purposeful action to create the change we want to see. Through our Women in Leadership initiative we are being more intentional about supporting women in the company and creating new pathways for them to advance their careers.


~ Lisa Uthgenannt, Chief Human Resources Officer


