

We believe businesses have a responsibility to enable all people to participate in the workplace and achieve their potential. That’s why we highlight Integration and Inclusion as one of the pillars of our Sustainability Plan

		Changing demographics are significantly impacting the workforce. People are living longer and working older; many employers now have five generations to motivate and manage; and the global movement of people is evolving available talent pools. In this changing environment, cultivating a diverse and inclusive approach to talent is more critical than ever.

		 

		Practicing What We Preach

		Fostering a diverse inclusive workplace can bring a number of benefits – from the ability to adapt more easily to shifting market and consumer demands, to allowing organizations to deliver a broader range of services, harnessing the wide collection of skills and experiences they have within their company. Diverse working environments have also been proven to increase business performance. Research found that organizations with inclusive cultures have 39% higher customer satisfaction, 22% greater productivity and 27% higher profitability than those that are not inclusive. It is not just the right thing to do – it makes clear business sense.

		Practicing What We Preach

		As a global organization, with employees, candidates, clients and suppliers from every background, we value and encourage the broad range of perspectives and capabilities this diversity brings to our organization and to our stakeholders.

		We aspire to: 


			Attract and develop diverse talent at all levels of our organization.

			Foster an inclusive workplace culture that helps people achieve their full potential.

			Partner with our clients and communities to provide opportunities to diverse job-seekers and business owners.


		Working towards an inclusive future

		An inclusive culture is about more than just policies – it’s about making genuine changes to how the company operates. It is essential that all organizations create an environment where talent from all backgrounds can thrive and feel comfortable, so they can advance their careers and your business.
		We recognize that there is no ‘quick-fix’ response to getting this right. Attracting, advancing, developing, engaging and retaining a diversity of talent while fostering an inclusive culture – one where difference is valued and embraced – is not easy. But we hope that other businesses can learn from what we are doing, and implement a similar integrated approach to talent within their own organizations.
View Our Plan in Action
