
  Our culture 

Markel is not your standard insurance company. Since being founded by Sam Markel in 1930, Markel has earned the reputation for covering hard-to-place risks; like, Dorothy’s ruby red slippers from the Wizard of Oz.

Markel is a family-oriented company and a global, publicly-traded organization. Interested in joining a unique Fortune 500 company with a reputation for excellence?

212 words describe our corporate DNA. These are the values and expectations that guide us each and every day. The Markel Style promotes excellence, a sense of humor, as well as honesty and fairness in all of our dealings. From Singapore to London to Bermuda and New York City, our associates incorporate the Style and values into all business dealings.

Our competitive advantage
At Markel, we recognize our associates as our greatest asset and are our greatest competitive advantage. Our associates provide the highest level of service. Our associates keep Markel in leadership positions in the insurance marketplaces.

Commitment to open doors
Markel is committed to creating the best work environment. Our open-door policy is essential in recognizing business issues as they rise and to address the changing needs of our diverse and global workforce. Challenging management is a component of the Markel Style—some of our best ideas start from a conversation between a manager and an associate.

Entrepreneurial spirit
As the Markel Style states, we pursue excellence, strive for a better way, and share the success of others. Markel associates proactively seek new business opportunities, bringing further success to Markel.

Diversity and inclusion
Markel is a diverse, global company.  Diversity provides Markel with the ability to serve the needs of customers globally. Our diverse workforce enables Markel to make decisions and change course quickly, creatively and effectively, as defined in the Markel Style. Diversity makes us better business partners. At Markel, embracing people’s differences brings amazing results and fuels innovation.

BEAM (Black Engagement at Markel) - BEAM seeks to improve equity, education, and engagement among Black associates along with the greater Markel Community.  


The Jitneys - A group striving  to enhance interaction between newer associates and well established Markel professionals while exemplifying the Markel Style. 


Markel Women’s Network - Helping build and guid and empower employees through education, community outreach, networking, and support. 


Markel Veterans Program - Partnering with Operation Healing Forces, to hire and train veterans to be part of our talented and high-performing team.


Community involvement
Markel has a rich tradition of community involvement where our associates and customers live and work across the world. Markel provides support to a diverse group of not-for-profit organizations whose missions align with our philanthropic priorities to make the most of the resources we have, and in turn, have a greater impact on our communities.

Our associates are always stepping up to volunteer for their local community. Each of our major locations has a committee of associates who identifies charities to support each year. As described in the Markel Style, we are committed to giving back to the communities we serve.
    

