



	Candidate Agreement

	Applicant Privacy Policy

	Last Updated:  Februrary 24, 2015

	Masco Corporation (“Masco”) values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. This Applicant Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our practices in connection with all the information that we collect through the Careers section of our website (located at jobs.masco.com) (“Careers Site”) and offline in connection with your application for a job or internship with Masco or one of our affiliates. Personal information submitted elsewhere on Masco’s and its affiliates’ web sites will be used in accordance with our general online Privacy Policy http://masco.com/careers/agreement/.

	YOUR CONSENT

	Please read this Applicant Privacy Policy carefully and indicate your acceptance of its terms by clicking the “Agree” button at the end of the Policy. If you do not accept this Policy, you will not be able to apply for a position online.

	By agreeing to this Applicant Privacy Policy, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to the United States or any other country where Masco may conduct business, which may have a different data protection regime than the country in which you reside.

	INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Information You Provide

	We may collect the following information from you in connection with your application:


		Name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other contact information;

		Username and password;

		Work authorization status;

		CV, résumé, cover letter, previous work experience, education, and skills information;

		Records of previous interviews by Masco or its affiliates;

		Names and positions of relatives working at Masco or its affiliates; Professional and other work-related licenses, permits and certifications held;

		Accident information and traffic convictions or forfeitures of drivers for the last three years;

		Information relating to references; and

		Any other information you elect to provide to us (e.g., employment preferences, willingness to relocate, current salary, desired salary, awards or professional memberships).


	We ask that you avoid submitting the following sensitive information, except where such information is legally required: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, protected status as a veteran, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law.

	For applicants in the EU, we also ask that you not submit trade union membership information.

	To the extent the personal information you provide contains details of your: racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or beliefs; religious beliefs; membership in a trade union or political party; physical or mental health or condition; sexual orientation; commission (or alleged commission) of an offence or related proceedings; job evaluations or educational records, you expressly authorize Masco to handle such details for the purposes of your job application.

	Any information you submit through the Careers Site must be true, complete and not misleading. Submitting inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment. In addition, it is your responsibility to ensure that information you submit does not violate any third party’s rights.

	If you provide us with personal information of a reference or any other individual as part of your application, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us.

Information from Other Sources

	Masco may obtain information about you from your references or from a background check report in connection with your application, as permitted by applicable law.

	USE OF INFORMATION

	The information that you submit on the Careers Site will be used for Masco’s global personnel recruitment, management and planning purposes, as permitted by local law, including:


		To process your application;

		To assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job;

		To conduct reference checks;

		To respond to your inquiries and communicate with you about your application, and to send you information regarding the Careers Site and changes to our terms and policies;

		To comply with or monitor compliance with any applicable law or regulation; and

		To conduct background checks if we offer you a position.


	The information about you will be added to Masco’s global candidate database and may be used to consider you for opportunities at Masco and its affiliates other than the one(s) for which you apply. If you do not wish us to do this, please email us at MascoPrivacyPolicy@sp.masco.com. If we hire you, personal information we collect in connection with your application may be incorporated into our human resources system and may be used to manage the new-hire process; any such information may become part of your employee file and may be used for other employment-related purposes.

	Masco may also use the information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

	Providing personal information to us through the Careers Site is voluntary. However, if you fail to provide sufficient information, Masco may be unable to consider your employment application or, if you are hired, your subsequent promotion, transfer or relocation.

	DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

	Masco may share personal information with affiliates that are involved in evaluating candidates for a given position. Masco will remain responsible for personal information that is jointly used with affiliates. We will make the information available to personnel with a business need to know the information, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources and information technology departments, and in the department responsible for the position for which you are applying.

	Masco may share personal information with our third-party service providers who provide services such as hosting and operating the Careers Site, recruiting assistance, background check processing, and similar services.

	Masco also may share personal information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

	Masco may transfer information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).

	DATA RETENTION

	We will retain personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may also retain your information for the purpose of considering whether your skills are suitable for other opportunities. If you do not wish us to do this, please email us at MascoPrivacyPolicy@sp.masco.com. We may remove personal information for inactive accounts from our database, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory obligations. Furthermore, Masco may delete personal information about you (including your CV/résumé) from our database at any time and without providing any reason. Therefore, please retain your own copy of the personal information provided to us.

	PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTION: COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY

	We and our service providers may use “cookies” and similar technologies on the Careers Site. Please see the IBM cookie policy at http://www.01.ibm.com/software/info/product-privacy for more information.

	ACCESS AND CORRECTION

	If you register on the Careers Site, you may access, review, and change your personal information stored therein by logging into the Careers Site and updating your account information. When applicants correct and amend information, Masco can view the fact that you have updated your personal information, but the specific changes are not visible to Masco. The updated profile will be used as the default the next time you apply for a job using your account online. To change personal information that you have already submitted for consideration for a specific position, please update your profile and resubmit your application for that position. We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.

	Apart from information contained in your profile, you may request access to personal information we collect, or its modification or suppression, where permitted by applicable law. Please contact us by email at MascoPrivacyPolicy@sp.masco.com or by mail at Masco Talent Acquisition, 17450 College Parkway, Livonia, MI 48152. with any such requests. In your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to access or have changed, whether you would like to have personal information that you have provided to us suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that certain personal information may be exempt from such access, correction, or suppression rights pursuant to local data protection laws.

	SECURITY

	We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.

	Do not send sensitive information to us via email. It is your sole responsibility to use the appropriate level of care whenever you communicate with us.

	Masco hereby disclaims, as far as permitted by local laws, any liability for itself and its affiliates and contractors for any personal information we collect in connection with your application that is lost, misused, illegally accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed or not timely delivered to our Careers Site.

	LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

	The Careers Site may contain links to other websites. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Careers Site links. The inclusion of a link on the Careers Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by Masco or our affiliates. We encourage you to read the legal notices posted on those sites, including their privacy policies.

	DIVERSITY

	Masco is an equal opportunity employer, which means we offer equal treatment to all applicants. Masco does not discriminate, either directly or indirectly, on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, protected status as a veteran, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law in any area of recruitment. In some countries we ask for information on the ethnic origin, gender and disability of our applicants for the purpose of monitoring equal opportunity. If you have a disability and would like to indicate as part of your application any relevant effects of your disability and any adjustment which you consider should reasonably be made to the process to assist your application, please do so in the relevant field during the application process.

	LAW APPLICABLE TO JOB APPLICATION

	The Careers Site allows you to apply for jobs world-wide, as a benefit of Masco’s centralized global recruitment function. This Careers Site is operated from the United States. Accordingly, any personal information you submit to the Careers Site will collected in the United States and will be subject to U.S. laws. However, if we share your personal information with an affiliate located in another country in its capacity as a potential employer, the affiliate will handle your personal information in accordance with this Policy. Any hiring or other employment-related decisions will be made by the hiring affiliate in accordance with the laws of the country where the job will be located.

	ABOUT CHILDREN

	The Careers Site is not intended for minors under the age of 18.

	CURRENT PERSONNEL OF MASCO

	If you currently work for Masco or one of our affiliates, you must be eligible to apply for a different position within Masco to use the Careers Site. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change. Please consult with the HR manager for the new position concerning application eligibility, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position.

	The Careers Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.

	CHANGES TO THE POLICY

	We reserve the right to amend this Policy at any time in order to address future developments of Masco, the Careers Site or changes in industry or legal trends. We will post the revised Policy on the Careers Site or announce the change on the home page of the Careers Site. You can determine when the Policy was revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend on the top of this Policy. Any changes will become effective upon the posting of the revised Policy on the Careers Site. By continuing to use the Careers Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, in whole or part, you can choose to not continue to use the Careers Site.

	CONTACT US

	If you have questions or requests, please feel free to contact us by either email at MascoPrivacyPolicy@sp.masco.com or by mail at Masco Talent Acquisition, 17450 College Parkway, Livonia, MI 48152.

