
About US
Since 1996, Murphy USA has been the place people go to save on the gas that fuels their lives. From the lowest prices on gas to exclusive deals on popular snacks and drinks, we're always going the extra mile to help our customers buy smarter and drive farther.
Our Principles
We understand that local communities and families depend on us every day, and that means a lot. These principles help us set the standard for great service, great prices and high-quality fuel – and they help us deliver on our promise to our customers.


Integrity

					Be persistently ethical and honest to foster trust.
					We carry ourselves with a quiet confidence because we know that – in the long run – our character will speak for itself. We always do the right thing, even when no one is watching. For our team members, this means acting with friendly professionalism, even in challenging situations.
				



Respect

					Value and appreciate others.
					We encourage and promote diverse approaches in all our thoughts, ideas and actions. We understand the importance of the strengths, experiences and perspectives of others. We are proud to foster an inclusive culture; our team members are humble, helpful and understanding with colleagues and customers alike.
				



Citizenship

					Believe in the power of good actions.
					We are committed to the greater good for our team members, company, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We are responsible and involved in the neighborhoods in which we live and work as ambassadors of Murphy USA. By respecting the environment and supporting our local communities, we aim to build a stronger, more sustainable company for future generations.
				



Spirit

					Strive to be the best.
					We are highly engaged and truly care about what we do and how we are perceived. We have a strong desire to exceed our customers' expectations. We work closely with each other to drive our success through reliable and consistent execution. Our team members inspire each other to create new approaches and always celebrate successes with enthusiasm.
				


