

This is our workplace. 
 A diverse and inclusive workplace is key to Norfolk Southern’s success as a transportation leader. NS continues to create and sustain a culture anchored by integrity and respect with a workforce that reflects the global community the railroad serves.
At NS, diversity and inclusion are a continuous process to recognize, cultivate, and celebrate the best talents of all employees to improve service and advance business results. When we combine the backgrounds and viewpoints of our team of 30,000 employees – everyone from military veterans and recent college graduates to women and minorities – the possibilities for creativity and innovation are endless.


Principles of diversity at NS:


Diversity is achieved through inclusion and respect for others.
Diversity works best when everyone participates.
Diversity fosters creativity and innovation.
Diversity is a critical business asset.



Diversity is local. 
To continue to attract and retain a qualified and talented workforce, NS established a Corporate Diversity Council over a decade ago with employees across the company to implement diversity initiatives and serve as ambassadors. However, in a company with operations in 22 states, NS decided to localize its diversity and inclusion efforts for greater impact.
NS has established Division Diversity & Inclusion Councils (DD&ICs) in each of its 10 operating divisions. Each council includes a diverse mix of employees who represent a variety of departments and locations in the corresponding division. This localized approach enables more employees to take an active role in identifying, developing, and implementing processes and initiatives that will foster diversity and inclusion.
“I am confident that with the input and participation of NS employees, this targeted approach will have a lasting impact on all – personally and professionally.” – NS President and CEO Jim Squires

The power of collaboration
NS encourages employees to get involved in opportunities for personal and professional enrichment. Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are open to all employees who want to make a difference in the workplace and the communities NS serves.
ERGs actively promote the benefits of diversity and inclusion while strengthening teamwork and connections across departments and locations. The groups focus on activities that promote a respectful workplace, contribute to business goals, and maximize employee potential.
Learn more about NS' ERGs:



