Welcome to PBF Energy, where your career starts with you.
PBF Energy, headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey, was established in 2008 and is one of the largest independent petroleum refiners and suppliers of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States.
We hire employees that are able to hit the ground running, take on new challenges, and generate innovative ideas with enthusiasm to succeed and grow with us. Our workforce includes refinery operators and mechanics, accountants, marketers, environmental, health and safety professionals and engineers, among other career types, who work in a variety of settings: corporate headquarters, terminals and refineries.
We are looking for people with a diverse work background and those looking to pursue a career in the energy industry. We welcome people who are creative, willing to try new things, are dependable, safety conscious and have a level of commitment to the organization.
We want to be your employer of choice. For those who join our team, we provide our employees with a safe and rewarding workplace, a competitive and aggressive compensation and benefits package, and the ability to gain exposure to multiple areas of the business. If you have an interest in learning more about careers at PBF, please click on the link below.
To view our current job opportunities, click here.
PBF Energy and its subsidiaries offer a competitive benefits package that serves the needs of employees and their families. Some of the benefit plans we offer for non-represented employees include: Pension, 401(k) with Company match, medical, dental, life insurance, short term and long term disability and Flexible Spending Accounts.
The information on this page is for discussion purposes only. These materials are not intended to be, nor shall they be construed as a Summary Plan Description or Plan Document, as such terms are defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, nor a promise or commitment to provide any employee or person with any particular employee benefit, benefit plan or benefit program. Nothing contained herein and no statement made in this outline or any other materials regarding employee benefits, benefit plans or benefit programs, or by any person in presenting or discussing such materials, is intended to be, nor shall be construed as a promise or commitment to provide any employee or person any particular employee benefit, benefit plan or benefit program. Any employee benefits, benefit plans or benefit programs to be provided by PBF Energy (the “Company”) or any of its affiliates shall be expressly set forth in and governed solely in accordance with a written Plan Document, which has been formally adopted by the Company or such affiliate.
