


					RPM Phase One will completely rebuild the Lawrence, Argyle, Berwyn and Bryn Mawr stations and all the tracks and support structures for more than a mile adjacent to the stations. The stations will be accessible for the first time and include wider platforms, better lighting and modern amenities. The project will also construct a bypass just north of Belmont station for north bound Brown Line trains to modernize the 100-year-old Clark junction where Red, Purple and Brown Line trains currently intersect. The bypass will allow CTA to significantly increase the number of trains it runs along the Red Line to reduce overcrowding and meet growing demand for transit service.				

					As part of its commitment to expand fuel diversity, Tennessee Valley Authority will replace its two oldest coal-fired units at the Paradise Fossil Plant with a natural gas plant. The new facility is a 3x1 combined cycle plant with a 1,200-megawatt generation capacity. The project site is located two hours North of Nashville in Muhlenburg County, KY.				

					As part of its commitment to expand fuel diversity, Tennessee Valley Authority will replace its coal-fired units at the Allen Fossil Plant with a natural gas plant. The new facility is a 2x1 combined cycle plant with a 1,100-megawatt generation capacity. The project site is located in the southwest corner of Memphis in Shelby County, TN.				

					Project Neon is a design-build project to improve mobility and safety for the public travelling within the I-15 and US 95 corridors in the Las Vegas, Nevada area. The major elements of the Project are generally categorized into (a) the HOV system, (b) the Charleston Interchange reconstruction, (c) the I-15 Freeway reconstruction, (d) the US 95 reconstruction, (e) Grand Central Industrial Connector, (f) local street connections, and (g) ancillary improvements. Kiewit is the design-build contractor with Atkins leading the design team.				

					The Interstate 5 (I-5) North Coast Corridor (NCC) Program is a 27-mile long project that proposes improvements to I-5, coastal rail and transit enhancements, environmental protection and coastal access improvements over 4 phases within the next 40 years. 				



