Diversity is just as crucial to building a successful business as it is to building a vibrant culture.
At Pfizer, colleagues of diverse backgrounds and abilities contribute unique viewpoints and perspectives to all aspects of the business, from drug development to marketing. Diverse colleagues offer a more personal understanding of our customers’ needs and concerns. Diverse teams are more collaborative, more accepting of difference, and more apt to embody balance between prudence and risk-taking. Diverse teams are also more effective in a global environment, helping make Pfizer the world leader in discovering, developing, and marketing innovative medicines to improve health and save lives.
Vision
Pfizer’s Diversity and Inclusion team focuses on developing and implementing programs that:


		Help colleagues appreciate the value of diversity and experience Pfizer as a fair and supportive environment in which to pursue a meaningful career

		Hold managers and leaders accountable for creating inclusive and equitable workplaces

		Allow patients, shareholders, and other stakeholders to realize the value of diversity through innovative product development and sound company stewardship

At Pfizer, colleagues of all backgrounds and abilities will find leaders who inspire them to top performance; managers trained to develop and nurture diverse talent; and a culture committed to helping each colleague build a fulfilling career and reach his or her full potential.




				Colleague Resource Groups


At Pfizer, colleagues will receive a warm welcome if they get involved in one of our more than 95 site-based Colleague Resource Groups (CRGs) located throughout the world. Pfizer has CRGs focused on the following groups: Asians, Blacks, colleagues with disabilities, Latinos, LGBTQ, Veterans, and Women. In Europe, Diversity Councils focus on all types of diversity.
CRGs are groups of colleagues who are part of and/or who support the goals of a diverse population. They offer support, developmental opportunities, mentoring, and networking opportunities to help their members enhance their skills and advance their careers. They also contribute their unique backgrounds and viewpoints to help advance Pfizer's business, and they help their outside communities by participating as a group in many volunteer and philanthropic activities.





				Community Building


Whether it's sponsoring scholarships for students, or sponsoring health fairs focused on the unique healthcare concerns of diverse populations, Pfizer's CRGs are as much about external community-building as they are about internal culture-building. And at Pfizer, the world is our community: we sponsor and support many philanthropic initiatives, such as our signature Global Health Fellows program, that help bring life-saving and health-enhancing medicines and healthcare practices to all corners of the globe.



 
