
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
It is the policy of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ("PNC") to affirmatively implement equal opportunity to all qualified applicants and existing employees without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, ancestry, marital status, genetic information, family medical history, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis that would be in violation of any applicable ordinance or law. Protected veterans include disabled veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, recently separated veterans and Armed Forces service medal veterans. All aspects of employment including recruitment, selection, hiring, training, transfer, promotion, termination, compensation, and benefits conform to this basic policy in order to further the principles of equal employment opportunity and affirmative action.
PNC's Equal Employment Policy is consistent with the requirements and objectives set forth in Executive Order 11246, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (VEVRAA), all as amended.
Affirmative Action Plans and processes have been developed and implemented throughout PNC to ensure that good faith efforts are made to provide equal employment opportunity to every employee and qualified potential employee and to formalize and reaffirm PNC's commitment to equal opportunity employment. 
PNC's objectives are to establish realistic goals and implement programs to actively recruit, promote, and provide career opportunities for qualified minorities, women, and individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans. PNC has developed internal audit procedures to monitor the development, implementation, and progress of our objectives. Our overall goal is to recruit, hire, and maintain a culturally diverse workforce that can work to its fullest potential and provide PNC with a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
PNC's employees and applicants will not be subject to intimidation and/or harassment because they have engaged in or may engage in any of the following activities: filing a complaint; assisting or participating in an investigation; opposing any act or practice made unlawful by the provisions of Executive Order 11246, VEVRAA or Section 503; or exercising any other right protected by these laws.
Summaries of PNC's Affirmative Action Plan(s) are available for review. To schedule an appointment, please contact Diversity & Inclusion at 412-762-0381, Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.

