
To ensure our people feel valued and respected, we are committed to providing a workplace that embraces a culture of diversity and inclusion. To underscore this commitment, our chief executive officer signed the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge in 2017. He joined more than 150 CEOs from some of the world’s leading companies in committing to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Our business and functional leaders set goals related to diversity and monitor progress on a regular basis. We also recruit at events sponsored by organizations representing diverse candidates, such as the National Society of Black Engineers, Society of Women Engineers, Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers and National Black MBA Association.
Consisting of senior leaders within our company, our Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Council (DILC) champions, directs and facilitates initiatives that embed diversity and inclusion into our culture. The DILC is supported in its efforts by the following diversity councils:

Women’s Leadership Council, including 10 regional chapters in Asia Pacific, Australia, Canada, Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA), Latin America and the United States;
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Council, which includes PPG Allies who are straight colleagues committed to improving the workplace climate for their LGBT coworkers;
R&D Diversity Council;
Generational Diversity Council; and
Young Professionals Organization.

In 2017, we received a perfect score of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2018 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate policies and practices related to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) workplace equality. Our efforts in satisfying all of CEI’s criteria resulted in the designation as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality.
Learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion on our Global Careers website. 



EducationCement and lipstick
Our RENNER® Paints team in Brazil helped Women in Construction increase the independence of females who are vulnerable to domestic violence and poverty through the nonprofit’s Cement & Lipstick workshop.
Participants in the free event received training on entrepreneurship, women’s rights and empowerment. They also gained skills such as sanding, repairing and painting by revitalizing a portion of Women in Construction’s headquarters using products donated by Renner Paints.
Renner Paints has trained more than 3,000 painters, including many women, since 2016.




EducationThe hunt for multi-generational interaction
Using clues based on PPG history, teams of up to three employees of varying ages embarked on a scavenger hunt at our Coatings Innovation Center outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to increase multi-generational interaction. The event was sponsored by the R&D Diversity Council.
Younger employees relied on their more experienced colleagues and the onsite library to solve each clue, such as “This person is on the original patent for PPG NUPAL® chrome-free pretreatment.” The 10 clues led teams to a specific area or person, where they received a puzzle piece to complete a final puzzle that revealed a bonus question. The first team that finished received PPG merchandise.



Supplier Diversity
We believe that our company and communities benefit when we provide equal opportunities for diverse suppliers to compete for our business. As such, we actively seek small businesses and businesses owned by veterans, minorities and women that provide quality products and services at competitive prices.
Learn more about our Supplier Diversity Program.

