
Quest Diagnostics is committed to diversity
Join a diverse and inclusive workplace that encourages new and different ideas and views. We celebrate the different ethnicities, ages and cultures that make up our workforce. As our marketplace becomes increasingly global, our ability to meet the needs of our customers, patients, physicians, suppliers and shareholders is enhanced by our commitment to valuing the diversity that mirrors the communities where we live and work every day.  When you join our team, you will be valued for your unique skills, background and experiences. Our ability to evolve, expand and develop world-class innovations relies on a culture that respects all employees and supports their contributions. Ultimately, this enables all of us to deliver the best possible service and products to our customers.  Our diverse workforce is one of our competitive advantages. We work to identify and recruit a diverse group whose strong skill sets and perspectives represent our company. Our success is borne out in the many "Best Places to Work" awards received by our U.S. and international business units. Applicants whose disabilities limit their ability to use Quest Diagnostics online employment application in any way are encouraged to contact a local Quest Diagnostics Human Resources office to request a reasonable accommodation. A Human Resources professional will either provide or direct the applicant to additional assistance. Equal Employment Opportunity Quest Diagnostics is an equal employment opportunity employer. Our policy is to recruit, hire and promote qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status protected by state or local law. Quest Diagnostics observes minimum age requirements established by federal, state and/or local laws, and will ask an applicant for verification when deemed necessary. Quest Diagnostics observes minimum age requirements established by federal, state and/or local laws.

