
Q:  Why is diversity and inclusion important to Regions?
A:  Diversity and inclusion is important to fulfill our overall mission to Make Life Better, and we do this by living our values everyday. Valuing, managing and leveraging the diversity of all of our resources is the only way to be successful. 
Q:  What does diversity mean?
					   A:  Diversity goes beyond race and gender to encompass ethnicity, sexual orientation, age, culture, education, gender identity, religion and many other primary and secondary dimensions and experiences that make each individual unique. 
Q:  What does inclusion mean? 
					   A:  Inclusion enables us to embrace and maintain an environment where all associates are valued for their unique differences and perspectives and helps us understand and meet the needs of all clients, suppliers and the communities we serve. 
Q:  Does Regions have a senior officer responsible for diversity? 
					   A:  Yes. The director of Corporate Social Responsibility, a senior vice president in the corporation, provides management and oversight to the organization’s diversity and inclusion strategy. 
Q:  Is the composition of the Regions board of directors culturally and ethnically diverse? 
					   A:  Yes.  Minorities and women comprise 31 percent of the Regions board of directors.
Q:  What are the differences between Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action and Diversity? 
					   A:  Equal Opportunity refers to employment practices that ensure nondiscrimination based on race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Affirmative Action is one aspect of efforts designed to achieve equal employment. 
					   Diversity goes beyond race and gender to encompass ethnicity, sexual orientation, age, culture, education, gender identity, religion and many other primary and secondary dimensions and experiences that make each individual unique. 
Q:  Does Regions have an EEO Policy? 
					   A:  Yes. It is the policy and practice of Regions Bank to provide equal employment for all employees and prospective employees. Learn More 

