


WHO WE ARE
We have over 23,000 employees spanning many cultures, traditions and expectations with more than 60 percent located outside the U.S.


Who we are
                                  view | download




OUR VALUES AND GUIDING BEHAVIORS
Our values and guiding behaviors serve as the compass for how we strive to interact with one another and our customers every day.

Values and guiding behaviors




CULTURE OF INCLUSION
Creating a culture of inclusion is essential to making Rockwell Automation a place where people are excited to come to work and build a great career. We believe that through inclusion, we create an environment where everyone can do their best work; and through engagement, we optimize performance and increase customer loyalty.

Culture of Inclusion Strategy




EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
We care about our employee experience at Rockwell Automation. Even though our data tells us that we’re above most global companies like us, we continue to push for the best experience for our employees. When we drive employee engagement, we improve business outcomes, impact the customer experience, create differentiation and strengthen our overall organization.


2018 Engagement Report



EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS
We have 13 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) with 56 chapters in 20 countries and more than 4,000 employee members.
ERGs are organizationally-supported groups of employees that are drawn together by characteristics they hold in common, such as ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, generation, disability status, etc.

ERG Handout
                                    view | download




CAREER MANAGEMENT
When our employees are matched with the right role, research tells us and we know from our own experiences that they have the best opportunity to contribute, doing work that is valuable and rewarding to them, the company and to support our customers every day.
Suitability Model
                                  The Suitability Model is a research-based methodology that will help us match the right people to the right roles. The model, which can be applied to any role in the organization, helps managers assess an individual's capability to specific role requirements, guide development planning and make placement decisions.
Rockwell Automation Careers
Suitability Model Overview



