

        content
    
Black Enterprise: 40 Best Companies for Diversity
For two consecutive years, Ryder was named one of the 40 Best Companies for Diversity in this publication’s annual survey of corporate diversity.  Ryder was the only transportation and supply chain industry in the listing (2007, 2008).
2020 Women on Boards W Company
Ryder was named a “W” company by the Women on Boards for having a board with more than 20 percent women (2013, 2017). 
Recruit Military’s Most Valuable Employers (MVE) for Military (formerly presented by CivilianJobs.com)
Ryder was selected as a recipient of the MVE for Military for its recruiting, training and retention plans that best serve military service members and veterans (2013 - 2017).
Department of Defense Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR): Above and Beyond Award
Ryder was honored by the ESGR, an agency of the Department of Defense, for its outstanding service and continuing support to the National Guard and Reserve (2005).
Florida Diversity Council: Most Powerful and Influential Woman Award
Karen Jones, Ryder Chief Marketing Officer, was selected as a Most Powerful and Influential Woman by the Florida Diversity Council in 2014, and Delores Lail, Ryder Vice President of Sales for the Southeast Region, was selected for the honor in 2016.
Florida Diversity Council: 2014 Florida Glass Ceiling Award
Amparo Bared, Ryder Vice President of HR, was presented with Florida Diversity Council’s Florida Glass Ceiling Award for her leadership excellence (2014). 
Hispanic Business: One of the Diversity Elite 60
For two consecutive years, Ryder was recognized for going beyond workforce diversity initiatives and implementing strategies to reach Hispanic consumers and increase business with minority- and Hispanic-owned suppliers (2008, 2009).
Hispanic Business: 2013 50 Influentials
The 2013 HispanicBusiness 50 Influentials list, which showcases the diversity that characterizes the American socioeconomic landscape, featured Ryder Vice President and Controller of Finance, Cristy Gallo-Aquino (2013).
Latina Style: One of the Top 50 Companies for Hispanic Women
On four occasions, Ryder has been honored by Latina Style magazine as one of the top companies for Latinas (1998, 2003, 2005, 2008).
Legacy Miami Magazine: South Florida’s 50 Most Powerful and Influential Black Professionals in Business and Industry
Legacy Miami named Ryder Vice President of Maintenance and Quality Operations Mel Kirk among South Florida’s “50 Most Powerful Black Professionals” in 2013; Ryder Group Director Samuel Johnson in 2014; and Director of Corporate Accounting Jay Anderson in 2015 (2013 – 2015).
Legacy Miami Magazine: Black Leaders of Today & Tomorrow
Ryder Senior Financial Analyst Gershon Blyden was selected by Legacy Miami Magazine as one of Miami-Dade County’s 40 Under 40 Black Leaders of Today and Tomorrow for 2014 (2014).

Legacy Miami Magazine: 25 Most Influential & Prominent Black Women in Business 
Ryder Director of Customer Loyalty and Retention Sofia Samuels was named on Legacy Miami’s “25 Most Influential & Prominent Black Women in Business” list (2012).

Michigan Minority Business Development Council: Corporation of the Year in Transportation
Ryder was named Corporation of the Year in the transportation category in recognition of its supplier diversity program (2009).

Network Miami: One of the Top 5 Companies for Black Professionals in South Florida
Ryder was honored as one of the top five companies in South Florida for black professionals for its proven and implemented diversity management programs (2005).

Office of the Secretary of Defense: Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve Award 
The Office of the Secretary of Defense honored Kendall Rosser, Ryder Manager of Vehicle Sales, with an “Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve” award for being a patriotic employer who contributes to national security and protecting liberty and freedom by supporting employee participation in America’s National Guard and Reserve Force (2014). 
Profiles in Diversity Journal: CEO Leadership in Action Award
Robert Sanchez was presented with Diversity Journal’s CEO Leadership in Action Award for his achievements, leadership, commitment, and most importantly, his engagement in Ryder’s Diversity & Inclusion initiatives (2014).
Profiles in Diversity Journal: Women Worth Watching
Profiles in Diversity Journal named Vice President and CFO of Supply Chain Solutions Darcee Scavone on its 2012 “Women Worth Watching” list, and VP and Deputy General Counsel Flora Perez on its 2013 list. The program celebrates the achievements and personalities of leading women executives (2012, 2013).
Profiles in Diversity Journal: Diversity Leaders 
Profiles in Diversity Journal named Patrick Pendergast a 2017 Diversity Leader for leading the way in diversity and inclusion. The annual award is presented to companies, organizations and governments that are advancing the evolution of diversity and inclusion, and the diversity officers working to achieve that goal. It recognizes outstanding standards aligning diversity initiatives as a catalyst for change to enhance business outcomes (2017).
Southern Florida Minority Supplier Development Council
Ryder, nominated by Liberty Power, was recognized by the Southern Florida Minority Supplier Development Council, which honors the achievements of South Florida's top minority-owned businesses, dynamic industry leaders and major corporations that are committed to Supplier Diversity (2013).
The Greater Miami Society for Human Resource Management: Diversity in Action Award 
Ryder was recognized with the Diversity in Action Award for promoting diversity and inclusion in the workplace and making a positive contribution to the community (2012).
Toyota: Supplier Diversity Award
Ryder earned special recognition from Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America Inc. (TEMA) for minority business enterprise development efforts in a supplier diversity program (2012).
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Hiring Our Heroes: Don Weber Wounded Veteran and Military Caregiver Employment Award
Ryder was named a finalist for demonstrated leadership in addressing the unique challenges and demands for wounded, ill, and injured veterans as well as military caregivers in their search for meaningful employment (2015).
7th Annual Hiring Our Heroes: Lee Anderson Veteran and Military Spouse Employment Award
Ryder was selected for overall excellence in hiring and retaining veterans, transitioning service members, and military spouses (2017). Ryder was named a finalist for the award in 2014.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Hiring Our Heroes: Post-9/11 Veteran Employment Award 
Ryder was named a finalist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hiring Our Heroes Post-9/11 Veteran Employment Award. Ryder was among the 25 businesses nominated for five awards because of demonstrated leadership in addressing the challenges faced by veterans, transitioning service members, and military families in their search for meaningful employment (2012).
VeteransPlus: Foundations In Support of Heroes (F.I.S.H.) Award
Ryder was recognized by VeteransPlus for promoting financial literacy among veteran and military service members (2013).
Women Executive Leadership: Florida Census of Women Directors and Executive Officers 
For three consecutive years, Ryder was recognized for women board leadership as one of four Florida companies to have four women directors (2006 – 2008).
Women’s Forum
Ryder was named a 2015 Corporate Champion for being a company with 20% of its board seats held by women (2015).
YWCA of Greater Miami-Dade: Women of Influence
Darcee Scavone, Ryder VP & GM of Automotive & Aerospace Industrial Operations, was named a “Woman of Influence” by YWCA of Greater Miami-Dade, whose mission is dedicated to eliminating racism, empowering women and promoting peace, justice, freedom, and dignity for all (2014).

