Textron Systems Supplier Diversity Program
 
Textron Systems Supplier Diversity Program is committed to providing the maximum practical opportunity for small businesses to participate in Textron Systems procurement processes. Textron Systems strives to expand subcontracting opportunities for all classes of small business concerns, including small disadvantaged, women-owned, historically underutilized business zones, veteran, service-disabled veteran owned, historically black colleges, universities and minority institutions. To that end, Textron Systems is committed to a diverse supply base that reflects the demographics and values of our Company, customers, and the communities in which we operate.
 
Current Approved Suppliers
In accordance with Government regulations and prime contract requirements, Textron Systems is required to verify the business size of our current suppliers/subcontractors with each purchase order offer and to validate compliance with Government statutes dealing with Equal Opportunity Practices, Small Business Concerns and reporting of labor disputes annually. In this regard, you are requested to completely execute All PAGES of this form (SM201-F05) and return it to the attention of the appropriate contact or Small Business Liaison Officer.
 
How to Become a Textron Systems Supplier:

The Supplier Diversity Program Office at Textron Systems provides direction to potential small business suppliers and works to ensure that the businesses have access to the requesting organizations and are aware of current requirement needs. In addition, Textron Systems participates in outreach events focused on identifying new suppliers who have the potential to become Textron Systems suppliers. Our ultimate objective is to achieve the maximum practical participation of small businesses in our subcontracting processes.
 
Potential Suppliers
To submit your inquiry in becoming a supplier at Textron Systems, please follow the steps outlined below:
Potential suppliers (Small or Large) should contact the Supplier Diversity Program Office as their initial point of contact at Textron Systems. Our Small Business Liaison Officer is available to provide the following assistance:
 
Direct any questions to and keep in contact with:
 
Rita Brooks, CSDP
Small Business Liaison Officer
Textron Systems, Supplier Diversity Program Office
124 Industry Lane
Hunt Valley, MD 21030
 
rbrooks@textronsystems.com
(410) 628-3197
 
Review the Textron Systems website, www.textronsystems.com, to become familiar with Textron Systems product and service areas to determine which programs to market. 
 
Send company information, including our Potential Supplier Form, by email to rbrooks@textronsystems.com to begin the supplier review process and allow us to route this information to the correct business unit. Once this form is successfully submitted, you will receive a confirmation of receipt of your information. Please specify the product or service area of interest in your email.
 
Do not send proprietary, export controlled, confidential, or classified information to Textron Systems without appropriate contracts in place, and send no correspondence with inaccurate labels.  Doing so will cause your inquiry to be rejected.
 You will be contacted directly by the using organization should there be an interest in pursuing a business relationship with your company. Please be advised that you will be asked to complete additional forms to satisfy the requirements of becoming an approved supplier.
 
Thank you for your interest in doing business with Textron Systems Corporation. We look forward to hearing from you!
