 Build Your Career With an Industry Leader As the largest equipment rental company in the world, with a store network nearly three times the size of any other provider, and locations in 49 states and 10 Canadian provinces, we’re committed to making United Rentals a great place to work. That means providing employees with opportunities for growth and fostering an environment based on teamwork, mutual respect, job satisfaction, diversity, and a shared responsibility to build a better future.Diversity Is Good Business As a recent recipient of the Associated Builders and Contractors “National Diversity Excellence Award” we understand that when people respect each other's personal history and cultural experiences, it makes for a better workplace. Individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences give us perspective that strengthens our products and services, making us more valuable to a wider customer base and enriching the quality of our daily interactions.An Equal Opportunity Employer United Rentals, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer of women, minorities, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Mutual respect for the dignity and fundamental rights of all persons defines our culture and is an essential ingredient for success. We're united by a strong work ethic and a determination to excel at customer service. Our goal is to attract and retain a talented, energetic and diverse team of individuals who share our commitment to excellence.Working with Community Leaders United Rentals is proud to sponsor and support leading business and community-based organizations helping to create a level playing field in the workplace. These organizations are committed to providing education and professional development resources to help members reach their full potential in construction and related fields.Our Diversity Organization Partners include:National Association for Women in Construction (NAWIC)Canadian Association for Women in Construction (CAWIC)National Veteran Owned Business Association (NaVOBA)National Hispanic Construction Association (NHCA)Why Work at United Rentals? We offer stability, opportunities for growth, and resources to help you succeed. Don’t just get a job. Build a career, helping customers build the future.Search Job OpeningsExplore Job Types 
