
Diversity & Inclusion
As a global company, UPS’s values are rooted in the diversity and inclusion that thrives inside and outside our walls.
We believe that our diverse and inclusive culture inspires our people to reach higher and drives our innovation, performance and growth throughout our entire value chain.
We seek to advance diversity & inclusion around the world through advocacy, community investments, business practices and setting the example of a workplace which is fair, authentic, inclusive and diverse.
Our diversity and inclusion mission is to connect and empower our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities for success, embracing the dynamics of different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives to propel our growth. It represents our commitment to creating an environment where all employees feel valued, respected and fully engaged to contribute to our future success.
In support of this mission, UPS’s definition of diversity extends beyond race, age and gender to include differences in ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, education, religion, physical ability, values, backgrounds and experiences. Inclusion occurs when everyone has an opportunity to fully participate in creating UPS’s business success and is valued for his or her distinctive skills, experiences and perspectives.
Business Resource Groups
As one of the world’s largest employers, UPS employs people from all cultures, backgrounds, lifestyles, and experiences. In such a large company, it’s natural for employees to want to connect, network, and learn from others with whom they have much in common, outside of normal work teams. An important way they can do this is through employee hubs known as Business Resource Groups (BRGs).
The BRG program started as a pilot in 19 UPS locations in 2006 with Women’s Leadership Development (WLD) and has grown exponentially into 176 chapters worldwide across 10 total BRG categories: African American, Asian, Hispanic/Latino, Focus on Abilities, LGBT & Allies, Millennials, Multicultural, Veterans, WLD, and Working Parents. Each BRG is supported with advisors and sponsors from senior management who help them grow and support the business in unique ways.
London-based UPSer Will Fox helped Netherlands-based UPSer Jen J. Mohamed kickstart the new LGBT & Allies BRG in Europe within weeks of starting his job in employee communications at UPS. After publishing a blog post about the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, he heard from UPS employees across Europe interested in being part of the new BRG. The group formally launched with an event attended by representatives from Workplace Pride and the European Region of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, and Intersex Association.
One of our leading BRGs is the Hispanic/Latino BRG, which was named the top Employee Resource Group in 2017 by the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce for its contributions to developing people, growing the business, highlighting Latino culture, and supporting communities. In addition, UPS’s Hispanic/Latino BRG was also named the 2017 LATINA Style Employee Resource Group of the Year, based on business impact, corporate leadership, mentorship, and dedication to communities.
BRGs not only provide a way for employees to connect; they are also creating significant business value. For example, members of the New York–based WLD BRG dressed in UPS’s brown uniforms and spent the day on the road with package car drivers to help drive business growth. They educated potential customers about diversity and innovation at UPS — and generated 300 sales leads in the process.
Community Internship ProgramIn addition to BRGs, senior-level managers are also highly involved with our Community Internship Program (CIP). Founded in 1968, CIP is a leadership development program that immerses UPS executives in the community, exposing them to a variety of social and economic challenges facing the unemployed, homeless and other vulnerable populations. While in the program, managers leave their jobs and families to spend three weeks living and working in San Francisco or New York City under the direction of an external coordinator affiliated with a local non-profit agency.
Since 2004, we’ve partnered with Donaldina Cameron House in San Francisco, a family service organization serving low-income Asian immigrants and families. In New York, we’ve partnered with the Henry Street Settlement since the launch of CIP, delivering a wide range of services to more than 100,000 New Yorkers each year.
While on assignment, interns are exposed to social challenges rarely seen in corporate America. Witnessing poverty, homelessness, illiteracy, unemployment, senior care, healthcare issues, housing issues, drug dependency and alcoholism firsthand aids in their development of key leadership competencies like decision-making, problem solving and partnership. It also enables our managers to work effectively in environments of tremendous change and encourages them to become the catalyst for it in their own communities.
Making an ImpactU.S. veterans are an ongoing focus of our recruitment efforts. In 2015, we launched a new website and free mobile app to help U.S. veterans and transitioning service members find civilian careers. The UPS Veteran Career Gateway and the UPS Military Transition App provide a powerful set of tools and a vast library of information for the entire job search process at UPS and beyond. The free resources include an interactive map of available UPS positions, a direct link to the application process, and a unique Military Skills Translator — a job-matching tool that suggests specific UPS job openings based on a veteran’s military occupation. For jobs outside UPS, the website and app offer articles and videos with advice on networking, making the most of job fairs, using discharge papers to improve resumes, interviewing, and more, as well as links to job boards and fairs, and training programs.
In 2013, UPS committed to hiring 50,000 veterans by the end of 2018 and supporting veterans and Veteran Service Organizations with 50,000 employee-volunteer hours.  We are proud to have exceeded both goals two years early.
Supporting the hiring of service members and veterans is nothing new to UPS. It’s in our company culture, and a part of who we are. At UPS, we believe in offering the men and women who have served our country more than a job — we want them to have an opportunity to live up to their potential while building a career.
Diversity & Inclusion GovernanceThe UPS Corporate Diversity & Inclusion Council’s role is to oversee the administration of UPS’s Diversity & Inclusion strategy. The Council, which was established in 1997, is organized around the focus areas of: Employees, Customers, Communities and Suppliers
EMPLOYEES:
Energizing a fair, inclusive and authentic workplace for our employees that embraces and invests in the growth of our committed people who bring varied experience, backgrounds and expertise to every aspect of our business.
CUSTOMERS:
Supporting customers around the world who bring varied business opportunities and challenges, and growing together by ensuring their success and well-being.
COMMUNITIES:
Creating opportunities and empowering all people in the thousands of communities where we live and do business every day.
SUPPLIERS:
Using our combined expertise to serve our customers’ evolving needs and the sustainable growth of our company.
For more information about how we support diversity through our philanthropic and corporate citizenship efforts, visit The UPS Foundation.

