



VIDEO
Welcome to UNFI, we are the leading national distributor of natural and organic foods, specialty foods, and related products spanning both the US and Canada. We were established in 1976 and have grown over the years through acquisition and consumer demand.   We focus on Corporate Social Responsibility and pride ourselves in our multiple LEED certifications. We are committed to promoting healthy, sustainable and organic food for you and your families. We bring the farm to your table. 
UNFI is a place where people can be their authentic selves and share their own diverse backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and ideas. UNFI is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
UNFI, through responsible managers, shall recruit, hire, train and promote in all job titles without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status or status as a covered veteran, except where age and sex are essential bona fide occupational qualifications.
Pay Transparency Policy Statement
UNFI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as part of their essential job functions, cannot disclose the pay of other employees  or applicants to individuals  who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
Reasonable Accommodations for Applying
Applicants who qualify under the Americans with Disabilities Act, as Amended, may be eligible for a reasonable accommodation in UNFI’s application and selection processes. A request for an accommodation will not affect your opportunities for employment with UNFI. Arrangements can be made if you have a disability that requires an accommodation for completing an application form, interviewing or any other part of the employment process.If you require an accommodation in making an application through our online system, please visit or call your local UNFI location or email:  AccommodationsForApplying@UNFI.comYou will need to provide your name, a phone number, email address or other means of contacting you, and a brief description of the nature of the requested accommodation. UNFI will be in contact with you to discuss your request.Please note that this email address is not to be used for checking on the status of an already submitted application or for any other purposes other than to request accomodation.
Click the hyperlink to be redirected to the most recent EEO Poster
  

 Watch our videos and learn more about key UNFI positions:
 




Day in the Life of a Warehouse Associate 



Day in the Life of a Driver 






