
At US Foods® we’re committed to providing an environment that is welcoming, respectful and engaging for all, with opportunities for everyone to reach their full potential. We strive to build a diverse and inclusive workforce at all levels of our organization to reflect the customers and communities we serve.
In 2018, we rolled out our Respectful Workplace training and included 1,200 of our senior leaders to promote respectful communication and foster an inclusive environment. We have also launched eight company-sponsored Employee Resource Groups to promote diversity and inclusion, encourage personal and professional development and strengthen networking among colleagues.
Lastly, we’re proud to be a long-standing supporter of the Women’s Foodservice Forum, which aims to accelerate the advancement of women leaders. Our commitment to drive gender equality in our industry has been recognized with the first-ever Women in Distribution Award, sponsored by the Women in Foodservice Forum and International Foodservice Distributors Association.
US Foods provides equal opportunity in all areas of its employment practices and prohibits unlawful discrimination against any applicant or employee on the grounds of race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, pregnancy, status as a parent, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, genetic information, political beliefs, protected veteran status or other basis protected by law. The Company agrees to take affirmative action to employ, advance in employment and otherwise treat minorities, women, qualified individuals with disabilities and protected veterans without discrimination in all employment practices. The Company’s policy is that all personnel actions are administered without regard to a person’s race, gender, disability or protected veteran status.
The EEO is the Law poster is available here via the United States Department of Labor, along with the EEO Supplement.
Also available is the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. 

