
Voya Financial is committed to fostering a work environment where the differences that we are born with – and those we acquire throughout our lives – are understood, valued and intentionally pursued. Purposefully bringing our differences together to positively influence our culture, service our clients and enrich our communities is essential to our vision to be America’s Retirement Company®.
Colleagues, Clients and Community are our strategic priority areas for D&I. We believe that a focus on inclusion at every level of the organization, leads to better performance, increased innovation, an enhanced ability to address customer needs, higher employee engagement, lower employee turnover rates and helps to strengthen our communities.
At the heart of our belief is that D&I must be intentional and individual. Each of us at Voya is responsible for executing Voya’s D&I strategy. We believe that our employees own our culture and have a responsibility to foster an environment where we all feel comfortable bringing our whole selves to work. It is up to each of us to act in ways that support our overall strategy: "Celebrating our Differences. Choosing to Include." We are stronger because of our differences: race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, creed, citizenship status, as well as perspective of thought, beliefs, education, background and experiences.
Equal OpportunityVoya Financial is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. This governs all decisions related to employment, including selection, development and compensation. It also includes an employee’s request for reasonable accommodation. We believe that all employees must be treated fairly, with respect, and in a manner free from discrimination and harassment.
We aggressively enforce our harassment and anti-discrimination workplace policies. All new managers are required to take training to help them create an environment that demonstrates value, respect and fair treatment for all individuals.
For information on positions with Voya Financial, please visit our Careers page.
Additional information:

