
Chairman of Direct-to-Consumer and International
As Chairman, Direct-to-Consumer and International, Kevin Mayer oversees a global, multiplatform media, technology and distribution organization for high-quality content created by Disney’s Studio Entertainment and Media Networks groups.
Mayer’s portfolio includes Disney’s international media operations and the Company’s direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the upcoming Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, the Company’s ownership stake in Hulu, and the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN. Disney Streaming Services, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney-branded streaming platforms, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company as part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment.
With a focus on maximizing Disney’s opportunities in international media markets, Mayer oversees the Company’s International Channels, including the international Disney Channels, which are renowned for providing incomparable branded entertainment that is both universally appealing and locally relevant. Mr. Mayer is also in charge of regional teams stretching from Europe to Asia to Latin America.
The Direct-to-Consumer and International segment houses global advertising sales and ad technology for Disney media properties, which include ESPN, ABC, Freeform and the Disney Channels. This centralization of ad sales provides advertisers a one-stop-shop for reaching diverse audiences across all of Disney’s media properties, including its online and direct-to-consumer platforms.
The Company’s program-sales operations—including global distribution of film and TV content to the Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, Hulu and other third-party platforms, as well as Movies Anywhere—are also part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International business segment.
A longtime veteran of the Company, Mayer previously served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, where he was in charge of Corporate Strategy, Business Development, Acquisitions, Enterprise Information Technology, Innovation, Brand and Franchise Management, and Global Corporate Alliances.
During his tenure, Mayer has overseen Disney’s key strategic acquisitions including Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, and BAMTECH, as well as the Company’s pending agreement to acquire 21st Century Fox. In 2005, Mayer created a team focused on growth opportunities by targeting emerging businesses and evaluating new technology and business models. This included the launch of the Disney Accelerator, which aims to bring together industry-leading entrepreneurs, creatives, mentors, investors and technologists to make an impact on the world of media and technology.
Mayer rejoined Disney in 2005 from L.E.K. Consulting LLC, where he was a partner and head of the Global Media and Entertainment practice. Prior to L.E.K., Mayer held leading positions at interactive and Internet businesses, including chairman and CEO of Clear Channel Interactive, where he managed all aspects of new media business, including content, sales, business and technology development, and distribution.
Mayer first joined Disney in 1993 and spearheaded strategy and business development for all of Disney's Interactive/Internet and television businesses worldwide. Later, he became Executive Vice President of the Internet group, responsible for the operations, business plans, creative direction and distribution of Disney's popular Web sites, including ESPN.com and ABCNews.com.
Mayer received his M.B.A. from Harvard University, and holds a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from San Diego State University and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

