

Our Diversity Mission
We foster an environment that attracts a high-performing, diverse and inclusive workforce. All individuals are respected and valued for their contributions and have the opportunity to achieve their maximum potential. We treat all employees, customers, business partners, shareholders and the communities in which we serve with respect and dignity.
Diversity Programs and Initiatives and Recognition

Field diversity teams and business resource groups
Ongoing diversity & inclusion training
Flexible Work Schedules
Focus on Collaboration, Employee Development, and Talent Acquisition
College Relations and K-12 partnerships and outreach
Extensive investment in the community to support numerous community organizations, making a difference in areas where Williams employees live and our businesses operate
Williams ranked as one of the top Oklahoma-based diversity and inclusion employers by Mosaic, the Tulsa Chamber of Commerce’s Diversity Business Council
Williams received a high rating on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index for its inclusive policies for LGBT employees

Business Resource Groups
Business Resource Groups within Williams serve to raise issues from an affinity group perspective and propose action items/solutions when possible. They provide an avenue for networking, support, and encouragement for other members and allies.  They also play a critical role by providing feedback to our Inclusion Committee on barriers to advancement, retention drivers, and other concerns.
Williams currently has five employee-driven groups:

Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Business Resource Group
Global Business Resource Group
Professional Women’s Business Resource Group
Veterans Business Resource Group
Young Professionals Business Resource Group

We also have unique field diversity teams, known as Expanding the Possibility of an Inclusive Culture (EPIC) teams, which are designed to “make diversity and inclusion real” at different Williams work locations throughout the company,
EEOC Policy Statement
The Company has a strong commitment to equal opportunity in the workforce and believes in treating people with dignity and providing equal employment and advancement opportunities for all. The Company values the unique contributions that each employee brings to his/her role within the Company and considers the variety of perspectives and backgrounds that exist within the Company a competitive advantage in the marketplace. The Company is committed to treating all employees fairly, without regard to any characteristics that have no bearing on job performance.
Keeping Track
We benchmark ourselves using best practice information from Catalyst, Bersin, and Corporate Executive Board, so we can continually improve.
 


