
We promote diversity and inclusion as a core value, as reflected in our Code of Conduct and corporate diversity policy. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion goes beyond human resource policies and practices. It is an integral part of who we are, how we operate and how we see our future.
We define diversity as differences in people (ethnicity, gender, age, race, national origin, disability, religion and sexual orientation), as well as differences in their thought processes, educational backgrounds, work experiences, personalities, lifestyles and cultural backgrounds. Inclusion is the act of building an environment that welcomes and embraces diversity. An inclusive work culture provides all employees with equal access to employment opportunities and development.
Each Xcel Energy employee has the power to make a difference when it comes to creating an inclusive environment. We encourage our employees to remember Diversity Exists: Inclusion is My Responsibility.

Diversity and Inclusion Training
In 2013, more than 1,500 Xcel Energy employees participated in half-day diversity and inclusion training sessions that were conducted throughout our service territory. In addition, 120 managers attended diversity and inclusion training sessions, bringing the total number of managers who’ve completed training to 97 percent. The classes are designed to provide knowledge, insight and skills to manage diverse teams and create an inclusive culture.


Business Resource Groups (BRGs)
To help achieve a more productive and inclusive workplace, Xcel Energy supports the formation and existence of Business Resource Groups, formerly known as Employee Network Groups. The groups were re-branded in early 2014 to align more closely with our strategic call to action to think and act more like a competitive business. Our BRGs are an inclusive venue for cultural exchange, community outreach and business solutions that contribute to professional and personal growth. These groups work together to help the whole company achieve Xcel Energy’s business goals.




BRG
Function
2013 Events & Accomplishments




GCEEE(General Counsel Employee Excellence and Equality Committee)
Aids the general counsel in fostering a spirit of inclusiveness throughout the company
Participated in Step Up for Diversity to grow relationships between our corporate counsel and a diverse mix of attorneys outside our company.


MOVE(Military Ombudsmen for Veterans and Employees
Supports our active military employees and those who have served in the military by focusing on the development, implementation and communication of programs and policies centered on the welfare of veterans and their families
Hosted several Serve Our Troops events. G.I. Jobs named Xcel Energy one of the nation’s 100 most military-friendly employers in recognition of our efforts to support veteran employees. The company also received Civilian Jobs’ Most Valuable Employer (MVE) award.


Employee Connection Network (formerly the New Employee Network Group)
Connects new and existing employees and helps broaden all employees’ understanding of Xcel Energy as a whole through networking opportunities, meet-ups and community service events
Established a presence in all four operating companies. Partnered with human resources to update the on-boarding program for new employees and hiring managers.


SAGE(Supportive Association for Gay/Lesbian/Bisexual/Transgender Employees)
Works to help the company become and remain a leader in this area of workforce diversity by addressing issues relating to sexual orientation
Organized a transgender awareness event and panel discussion for all employees in both Minnesota and Colorado. 


Tribal Wind
Supports diverse workforce initiatives and the Native American population through business initiatives, such as recruiting, retention, professional development and cultural awareness
Partnered with the Prairie Island Indian Community for a cultural awareness discussion and native dance. Promoted the Colorado Indian Education Foundation Scholarship program. 


SOURCE (Strategic Organization Utilizing Resources for Career Enhancement)
Promotes career development, continued education, training and cultural awareness and addresses issues and concerns of people of color
Hosted a variety of employee events in Denver and Minneapolis. Conducted outreach at Manual High School to help build a pipeline of future applicants.


WIL(Women’s Information Link)
Identifies and implements innovative ideas and strategies for recruiting, developing, promoting and retaining women in non-traditional work roles in our Energy Supply business area
Participated in career-path presentations for middle-school girls in Minnesota and Texas. Supported recruitment events and involvement opportunities with the Society of Women Engineers. Held WIL awareness events in Minnesota, Texas and Colorado. 


WIN(Women’s Interest Network)
Focuses on issues of interest to women, such as professional development and work/life balance
Provided a Power of WIN award to honor employees who help the Women’s Interest Network efforts within the company. Held the second annual speed networking event in Minneapolis, offering employees the opportunity to network one-on-one with leaders in different parts of the company. Hosted various professional development opportunities, including speeches, plant tours and leadership panels.


!XcelenteÂ¡
Increases visibility of Latino employees within the company and community, promotes professional development and shares Latino culture through awareness, inclusion and celebration
Participated in the MESA High School Engineering & Science Jamboree. Conducted outreach at Manual High School career and college fair. Attended a Commerce City, Colo., job fair to help in recruiting the next generation of employees. Participated and supported numerous diversity and inclusion events around the company. 






Council for Diversity and Inclusion 
The Council for Diversity and Inclusion (CDI) was restructured late in 2011 and is now composed of leaders from each of our Business Resource Groups (BRGs). The goal is to improve collaboration between BRGs and engage them in helping address key business challenges at Xcel Energy. Some of the CDI’s initiatives to support our business priorities are outlined below.
Initiatives in support of Operating Effectiveness:

Focus on business challenges and opportunities
Gain and enhance regional support for diversity and inclusion through partnerships with leaders and employees
Support the focus to increase the number of ambassadors in the communities where we live and serve

Initiatives in support of Engagement:

Host Xcel Energy leadership speaker series
Expand BRG membership and involvement through special events
Increase awareness by hosting tables in Xcel Energy facility lobbies
Increase education by participating in the iFair/Knowledge Fairs and creating development tools and methods


CDI Vision
Be a diverse and inclusive culture
CDI Mission
Create and foster a culture of diversity and inclusion that drives employee engagement by recognizing both individual and group contributions in support of corporate goals. Promote an environment that recognizes, celebrates and embraces diverse cultures, interests, perspectives and experiences in the communities served by Xcel Energy.


In July 2013, Ben Fowke, chairman, president and CEO of Xcel Energy, met with the U.S. Congress Joint Economic Committee to discuss our military hiring practices.
In November 2013, 10 employees from Xcel Energy attended the first TIED (Talent, Inclusion, Engagement, Diversity) symposium at the University of Denver. TIED is a leadership roundtable to bring together national and global organizations with a Colorado presence to share and establish best practices.



Equal Employment Opportunity and Non-discrimination Policies
Our corporate Code of Conduct prohibits all forms of discrimination and promotes equal employment opportunities. We have Equal Employment Opportunity and Non-Discrimination policies in place that apply to all operating companies and subsidiary companies throughout the company. Xcel Energy provides equal opportunity in hiring, training, compensation, promotion, termination, transfer and all other terms and conditions of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other protected class status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.
Learn more about our diversity and inclusion initiatives, including our supplier diversity program.


