
Executive Diversity Council
The  Executive Diversity Council consists of senior leaders from across Xerox. The  Council meets at selected times throughout the year to discuss matters such as:

Workforce       representation
Work       environment
Diverse       customer markets
Organizational       efforts to address the needs of a multicultural workforce

In  addition, select Council members may be involved in other diversity  initiatives, such as the Corporate Champion Program, where senior executives  are matched with employee caucus groups. The “champions” educate our senior  management on their groups’ unique environmental perspective and community  initiatives.
Independent caucus groups also play an important role in our diversity story.  These caucuses, similar to networking and affinity groups, are instrumental in  advocating openness, opportunity and inclusion for the entire Xerox community.  They work with management to achieve common business objectives and  self-advocacy and to create an environment of inclusion. Six caucus groups  currently address the concerns of employees who are African-American, Hispanic,  Asian, women, African-American women, and/or gay, bisexual, lesbian and  transgender.
Non-discrimination Policy
                          Globally,  we create policies that support our business goals and reflect the culture of  the countries in which we do business. Xerox does not discriminate on the basis  of race, color, religious belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship  status, marital status, union status, sexual orientation or gender identity.
By focusing on diversity, Xerox hires, promotes and retains the best people who  are well suited for our business. We’ve designed our hiring and promotion  efforts to ensure a deep, diverse reserve of strong players who are ready to  assume leadership roles. Our hiring practices include engaging Xerox people to  recruit at universities and career fairs, providing scholarships to minority  students interested in information technology and offering internships and  co-op programs to diverse groups of students and new graduates.
Scholarships and Recruitment
                          We  grant more than 120 scholarships each year through our Technical Minority  Scholarship Program, and we are reaching out to young people through programs  such as the FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology)  robotics competition and the Xerox Science Consultant Program that encourages  broader interest in science and technology. We introduce Xerox career  opportunities to the Hispanic student population at 45 universities and  institutions and, to expand our recruitment efforts further, we are partnering  with the Society of Hispanic Engineers. We have a similar university outreach  program for recruiting African-American employees.
Equal Employment Opportunity
                          In  the U.S., Xerox complies with Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) guidelines and  all applicable federal, state and local laws that govern the hiring and  treatment of its employees. We do not discriminate against protected veterans,  including veterans of the Vietnam era and disabled veterans, individuals with a  disability or employees who take protected leave time.
Learn more about our diversity representation. +

Representation of Women Around the Globe
                          Across all lines of business and around the  world:

Twenty-seven percent of our Executives  are female
Thirty-eight percent of our Managers  are female
Forty-four percent of our Board of  Directors are women; all are over 50 years of age
Women account for 48 percent of our  employee population globally

Representation  of Women and Minorities in the United States



2014 Representation in U.S. 
Total Workforce
Executives
New Hires




Women
55%
27%
67%


Minorities
42%
13%
57%



U.S.  Veterans
                          In 2014, four percent of the employees we hired in the  United States were military veterans.
Close X


